CNN  -- Germany 's Martin Kaymer has been speaking about his rise to the top of the world golf rankings , despite losing the WGC-Accenture Match Play final to Luke Donald at the weekend . The 26-year-old from Dusseldorf takes over as world number one from Lee Westwood , almost 25 years to the month since Bernhard Langer became the first player -- and only other German -- to head the newly-created rankings in April 1986 . Kaymer told the official European Tour website : "  I definitely need some time to think about it and let it sink in . "  The good thing is next week I do n't have a tournament , so maybe then I 'll be able to appreciate what I 've done . "  What I can say for sure is that it 's an incredibly proud moment . Not only for me , but also for my family , for the people who have helped me , and obviously for Germany . "  To be only the second German after Bernhard Langer , who was my role model when I was growing up , is a very special feeling . Kaymer continued : "  When the ranking is published I 'm definitely going to take a picture with my name at the top . It does n't feel real to me at the moment , but maybe when I see it in writing then I 'll start to believe I 'm the best golfer in the world . "  Not many people can say they 're the best player in the world at their sport , so I feel very honored and privileged . " Kaymer only turned professional in 2005 , but his rapid rise to the top has been phenomenal . Since winning his first European Tour tournament in Abu Dhabi in January 2008 , Kaymer has gone on to lift eight more professional titles , including his first major success -- the 2010 U.S. PGA at Whistling Straits -- and two more victories in Abu Dhabi . He also played a key role in Europe winning the Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor last year and won the 2010 Race to Dubai as Europe 's leading golfer . Kaymer becomes only the 14th player , and sixth European , to become world number one and is the second youngest , behind Tiger Woods , to hold the honor .	Martin Kaymer has been speaking about his rise to the top of the world golf rankings Kaymer takes over from Lee Westwood despite losing Match Play final to Luke Donald Kaymer reaches summit just six years after turning professional in 2005 The 26-year-old is only the sixth European to get to No. 1 and the second German
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 400 people have been killed in a spate of violence in northern Nigeria , the president of a human rights group said Tuesday . More than 150 alleged militants were arrested by Nigerian police after clashes . The violence has pitted Islamic militants against government police and troops in the north-central part of the nation , officials said . Attacks continued Tuesday in the suburbs of the northern city of Maiduguri , said Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress , a human rights organization based in northern Nigeria . People there are seeking refuge in police and military barracks and in hospitals , he said . Police and troops were dispatched to the militants ' hideouts after they began attacks on government establishments Sunday , said police spokesman Moses Anegbode . As authorities exchanged fire with the militants , 41 people , including a soldier and a policeman , were killed , Anegbode said Monday . In addition , some 176 people were arrested in Bauchi , he said . Besides Bauchi , militants also staged attacks on the nearby states of Yobe and Borno on Sunday and Monday , said Emmanuel Ojukwu , spokesman for the national police . Yobe 's police commissioner , Alhaji Muhammed Abbas , said that 23 suspected militants were arrested in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in Potiskum that killed a policeman and a civilian and wounded seven people . The official News Agency of Nigeria reported that as many as 100 members of a religious sect led by Sheikh Mohammed Yusuf may have been killed in a confrontation with police . In Borno , police spokesman Isa Azare said that two policemen were killed in an attack on police headquarters late Monday . "  The religious fanatics took the police unawares , " Azare told the government-affiliated New Nigerian newspaper . "  That was why they succeeded in killing all the officers on night duty . " Panicked residents stayed inside in all three states , and businesses shut down , even though officials said the situation was under control . The militants used guns , bows and arrows and machetes in the attacks , officials said . The militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam in the region , maintaining that the government allows itself to be influenced by Western values , and have been attacking government offices and Islamic clergy . There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority-Muslim north Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa . Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed in riots in 2001 . The human rights organization alleged last week that police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last year . Most of the victims were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group charged in testimony before a state commission examining the riots and in a separate report . More than 700 people died in the violence , the organization said , citing local religious authorities on both sides of the divide . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	As many as 400 people killed in Nigerian violence , group says Militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam 176 people also arrested , according to police
CNN  -- An Interstate 5 bridge over the Skagit River in Washington has collapsed , a spokesman for the Washington State Patrol said Thursday . People and cars were in the water . The bridge is located in a rural area , said Trooper Mark Francis , the spokesman . Because of that , he said he did not expect mass causalities or injuries . There were no immediate reports of either . CNN affiliate King 5 News in Seattle broadcast still images of the evening collapse , showing a span of the bridge in the water and crowds nearby . Images included two people sitting atop vehicles in the water . It was not immediately clear what caused the collapse , which happened some 60 miles north of Seattle . The Washington State Department of Transportation will take over the investigation , Francis said . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	The collapse happened north of Seattle People and cars are in the water It 's not immediately clear what caused the collapse
CNN  -- With less than two weeks to go until Scotland 's referendum , polls suggest an increase in those favoring independence from the United Kingdom , with one survey for the first time putting the "  yes " vote ahead . On September 18 , voters in Scotland will be presented with a simple yes/no question : Should Scotland be an independent country ? A "  yes " vote would mean Scotland splits from the rest of the United Kingdom -- that is , England , Wales and Northern Ireland . Activists on both sides are stepping up their efforts as the historic referendum approaches . A YouGov poll conducted for The Sunday Times and released on Sunday showed the "  yes " vote at 51 % and "  no " at 49 % . The poll of 1084 voters excluded undecided voters and YouGov said the numbers represented "  a statistical dead heat . " YouGov President Peter Kellner said a 2-point gap was too small to predict the outcome of the referendum but demonstrated that support for the "  Better Together " campaign had fallen "  at an astonishing rate . " Four weeks ago YouGov put "  no " at 58 % and "  yes " at 42 % , Kellner said . "  The Yes campaign has not just invaded No territory ; it has launched a blitzkrieg , " he said . Kellner said voters from the Conservative party had continued to oppose independence but that all other voters had moved closer toward a breakaway Scotland . Meantime a Panelbase poll commissioned by Yes Scotland and also released Sunday suggested that 48 % of voters supported independence -- excluding undecideds -- while 52 % wanted to remain united . A "  poll of polls " compiled by ScotCen put the "  yes " vote for independence at 47 % and the "  no " vote at 53 % . The company , which describes itself as an independent social research center , said those results were based on three polls from YouGov , two from Panelbase and one from Survation . It also suggested that the "  yes " vote was gaining momentum , while the "  no " vote was losing it . Negative campaign ? The Scottish government , led by the Scottish National Party , says this is a "  once in a generation opportunity " for Scotland 's people to take control of the decisions that affect them most . A "  yes " vote means that "  Scotland 's future will be in Scotland 's hands , " it says , and that life will be better and fairer for its people . Scotland 's first minister and SNP leader Alex Salmond has been a vocal proponent of independence . British Prime Minister David Cameron wants Scotland to remain part of an undivided United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . He says that it is a decision solely for the Scottish people -- but that remaining part of the United Kingdom will give them security and strength . "  There will be no going back , " he warns . YouGov said voters felt that the Better Together campaign had been negative , while Salmond was "  offering an optimistic future . " "  It may be that some voters are finding the prospect of voting for positive and well-presented vision of their country 's future as more attractive than the negative mood coming from the No camp , " ScotCen commented . Pound sinks The British pound sank on Monday , with CNNMoney reporting that it reflected uncertainty over the outcome of the Scottish referendum and an increased risk of a "  messy divorce . " Salmond has said he wants Scotland to continue to use the pound in a currency union with the rest of the United Kingdom . But the three main parties in Parliament -- David Cameron 's Conservatives , their coalition partners the Liberal Democrats , and Labour -- have all said that wo n't be an option . The referendum could end Scotland 's 300-year union with England and Wales as Great Britain and see it launch into the world as an independent nation of some 5.3 million people . The Scottish government anticipates it would become formally independent in March 2016 , ahead of elections in May of that year . Scotland has long had a testy relationship with its more populous neighbor . The Act of Union in 1707 joined the kingdom of Scotland with England and Wales , but many Scots were unhappy at being yoked to their longtime rival south of the border . Since 1999 , Scotland has had devolved government , meaning many , but not all , decisions are made at the Scottish Parliament in Holyrood , Edinburgh . In May 2011 the nationalist SNP , which had campaigned on a promise to hold an independence referendum , surprised many by winning an outright majority in the Scottish Parliament . In October 2012 , the UK and Scottish governments agreed that the referendum would be held , and the question to be put to voters was agreed on early last year . Read more : Referendum -- what you need to know	Scotland is holding a referendum on independence on September 18 Voters will face a yes/no question : "  Should Scotland be an independent country ? " A poll on Sunday for the first time suggested that the "  yes " campaign had the edge YouGov says that reflects a statistical dead heat ; other polls also suggest "  yes " is gaining
CNN  -- What a difference a slam makes as Sabine Lisicki again found to her cost Friday at the U.S. Open . On the green grass of Wimbledon the popular 23-year-old German swept aside No. 1 Serena Williams on the way to the women 's singles final where she lost to Marion Bartoli . Fast forward to the final major of the season on the hard courts of Flushing Meadows and 16th seed Lisicki made a tame third round exit to Russian Ekaterina Makarova , while Bartoli has retired and is reporting the tournament for a television company . Lisicki 's career was place on hold after a nasty fall at the 2009 U.S. Open which saw her depart the court in a wheelchair and with a severe injury to her ankle . After a lengthy rehabilitation , Lisicki has shown glimpses of the form that had her talked of as a successor to the likes of Steffi Graf , culminating in her dream run to the final at Wimbledon . Early exits in two hard court tournaments in the build-up to the U.S. Open were not ideal preparation , but Lisicki came through her opening two matches against Vera Dushevina of Russia and Argentina 's Paula Ormaechea in straight sets . 24th seed Makarova proved a tougher test and was always in the ascendancy in a match lasting a shade over an hour and a half . She closed it out 6-4 7-5 after breaking Lisicki for the third time to move into the last 16 in fine style . It was another grand slam disappointment for Lisicki , who has never reached the fourth round at this level other than at Wimbledon . Earlier , China 's Li Na revenged a 2012 defeat at the U.S. Open when she beat British teenager Laura Robson 6-2 7-5 , while third seed Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland also progressed to the fourth round , beating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia . Men 's top seed Novak Djokovic was largely untroubled in beating Germany 's Benjamin Becker 7-6 6-2 6-2 to move into the third round . Djokovic saved two sets points as Becker served for the opener at 5-4 before forcing a tiebreaker . The Serbian took it 7-2 and took total command on Arthur Ashe to win in under two hours . "  Becker is a quality player and he should have won the first set . I was fortunate to come out of it , but after that I felt more comfortable on the court , " said Djokovic . Defending champion Andy Murray of Britain was in action later Friday in a second round match against Leonardo Mayer of Argentina . Murray beat Djokovic in the men 's final at Wimbledon but has struggled to find his best form in hard court warm up tournaments ahead of Flushing Meadows .	Sabine Lisicki exits U.S . Open to Ekaterina Makarova Wimbledon finalist beaten in straight sets in last 32 clash Li Na of China avenges 2012 defeat to Laura Robson Top seed Novak Djokovic eases into men 's third round
London  CNN  -- More than a decade after the Iraq war , when one million people took to the streets to protest against intervention , British lawmakers have again been grappling with their consciences . In 2003 , then-Prime Minister Tony Blair won a vote authorizing the use of force as part of a U.S.-led coalition to overthrow Iraqi President Saddam Hussein , but the war 's chaotic aftermath left a bitter legacy . Last year British Prime Minister David Cameron lost a vote to bomb the Assad regime in Syria amid public opposition to another war . Political commentators said the failed vote by Washington 's long-standing ally put a brake on President Barack Obama 's plans to punish the Syrian leader for allegedly using chemical weapons on his own people . However , the task of Obama in building a coalition is likely to be made easier after Cameron easily won Friday 's vote , by 524 votes to 43 , authorizing the airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq . The opposition Labour Party supported the action against the Islamic militant group , despite doubts of some lawmakers on both sides of the House of Commons . Opinion polls also suggest backing for action has grown following the release of videos showing the beheadings of western hostages . In August opinion was evenly split  37-36 %  , according to one YouGov poll , but is now markedly more in favor  53-26 %  . Polling by Comres conducted before the death of British hostage David Haines also found similar backing for airstrikes : more than half of those who took part in the survey backed action -- a rise of 5 % in a month . Cameron recalled Parliament after Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi requested British military support in its battle against ISIS . Fighter planes from France and the United States have already started bombing in Iraq , but unlike in those countries the convention in Britain is for lawmakers to vote in Parliament before action is taken . Veteran political commentator Robin Oakley said MPs were more in tune with the public than a year ago . "  The degree of ISIS ' brutality has changed a considerable number of minds . "  People who previously had doubts are now convinced that there is no alternative but force . Voices will be raised : some MPs believe that bombing ISIS may radicalize the population in areas that it controls . Local people who never liked the al-Maliki government and who may have been suffering ISIS may now offer it their support . " Oakley said it was the brutal videos that had likely won over lawmakers -- in contrast to the Syria vote . "  Last year Labour could n't support the action because MPs felt there was no conclusive evidence that al-Assad had used chemical weapons against his own people . "  MPs will worry about ` mission creep ' when there is no obvious aim apart from to eradicate ISIS . Military action may destroy the leaders but it can not eradicate ideas -- so the fear among lawmakers is that this intervention could be counter-productive . " Outside Parliament , there were also doubts about the military action . Protests took place in central London on Thursday , organized by Stop the War . The group 's spokesman Ian Chamberlain said that while it was important to listen to public opinion , "  once people start to see the results and start to reflect , I believe support will fall . " "  Public support for military interventions in Afghanistan collapsed after the results of the bombing became clear . Bombing increases sectarian hatred of the west , and it 's obvious that military intervention does n't work . You ca n't destroy terrorism by bombing infrastructure . It just brings more terrorism . "	Iraq war 's chaotic aftermath left bitter political legacy in UK British lawmakers vote to launch airstrikes on ISIS militants Opinion polls suggest backing for action has grown in recent weeks Fear among lawmakers is that this intervention could be counter-productive
CNN  -- Brigham Young University officials on Thursday stood by the decision to dismiss a standout player on the Cougars ' highly ranked men 's basketball team , saying they are treating Brandon Davies just like they would any other student . The school 's athletic department announced Tuesday that Davies -- a starting forward from Provo would no longer be part of the team this season . The university came into the week ranked third in the nation in the Associated Press Top 25 and Coaches polls . Officials did not specify why , exactly , Davies was being suspended during a press conference Thursday . But the Salt Lake Tribune , citing "  multiple sources , " said that the sophomore violated the honor code provision prohibiting premarital sex among students . Many schools have honor codes , with students mandated to live and learn by certain standards . Still , the one that applies for students at Brigham Young 's campuses in Utah , Hawaii and Idaho is more extensive than most , part of a conscious effort to "  provide an education in an atmosphere consistent with the ideals and principles of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints . " The BYU code include requirements for "  modest , neat and clean " dress and grooming ; abstinence from alcohol , tobacco or illegal substances ; any physical intimacy that exhibits homosexual feelings ; prohibiting members of the opposite sex from going in one 's bedroom areas ; and regularly participation in church services , be they in the Mormon or another religious faith . Tom Holmoe , the school 's athletic director , said Thursday that its honor code is something that the university does not shy away from . And it applies equally to all students , athletes or not , with Davies simply being held to the same high standards as anyone else . "  We understand that people across the country might think this is foreign to them , and they are shocked and surprised , " said Holmoe . "  But for us , we deal with this quite often . " While officials would not specify when the process began , Holmoe said that Davies "  was involved from the very beginning . " He was dropped from the team just weeks ahead of the NCAA basketball tournament , in which BYU -- led by star Jimmer Fredette -- is a contender to be one of four top seeds . The Cougars lost their first game without Davies to New Mexico on Wednesday , only their third defeat this season . "  We all love Brandon , " Dave Rose , the team 's coach , told reporters Thursday . "  He 's a great teammate , and he 's been great for our team . " Rose admitted that the team was "  disappointed " by Davies ' ouster . But especially with a few days ' hindsight , the coach said they were ready to tackle the "  huge challenge " that lay ahead of them . The decision to remove Davies was made by the university athletics department , pending the results of the full honor code investigation . School spokeswoman Carri Jenkins said there 's no timetable for that probe , which could potentially lead to Davies ' permanent dismissal from the team or from the school . But Holmoe said that he hopes Davies , who remains a student at BYU , returns to the court next season . "  I know Brandon Davies , and what I 'm looking forward to ... is to see him come back strong , " the athletic director told reporters . "  This young man has dreams and goals . " Holmoe said officials and coaches at BYU do n't view the honor code as a negative , admitting there is some "  self-selection " as to which students embrace it and come to the university . "  We get kids who want to come here , who say this is what they want , " he said . "  We recruit to our strengths , and that is a strength . "	Brandon Davies is kicked off the Cougars ' basketball team for ` honor code ' violation Sources tell the Salt Lake Tribune that Davies admitted to having premarital sex School officials say that Davies is being treated like any other student The athletic director defends the honor code , calling it "  a strength " for BYU
CNN  -- China 's Li Na became the first Asian tennis player to win a grand slam singles title as she defeated defending champion Francesca Schiavone in the final of the French Open on Saturday . The 29-year-old triumphed 6-4 7-6  7-0  against the Italian , having been the first player from her country to reach the final of the clay-court tournament . The victory will push her up to a career-high fourth in the world rankings , equaling the best by an Asian player set by Japan 's Kimiko Date Krumm back in 1995 . "  I was nervous but I did n't want to show my opponent . I think everyone in China will be so excited , " she told reporters . "  I got a text message from my friend saying they were crying in China because they saw the national flag coming up . "  Today is a dream come true . When I was a young player I always wanted to be a Grand Slam champion . Here someone said I was getting old -- it 's not easy for the old woman 's dream to come true ! Not many players can win a grand slam . " " Li Na : China 's tennis rebel is people 's idol Li had lost in her only other grand slam final appearance , when she also made history by reaching the title match at January 's Australian Open , but this time she showed none of the nerves on display in that defeat by Kim Clijsters . She wrapped up the first set in only 39 minutes , hitting 15 winners to three by Schiavone as her aggressive tactics from the back of the court paid off -- mirrored by her 10 unforced errors to five . Li led 4-2 in the second set and appeared poised for an easy victory , but she faltered in the seventh game as the guileful Schiavone found her way back into the match . Roland Garros : The dark secrets of a chic tennis stadium The 30-year-old had two chances to level the match against Li 's serve , at 5-4 and 6-5 , but both times her Chinese opponent fought back as the two played out some stunning rallies . Schiavone had big support in the crowd at Roland Garros after beating home hope Marion Bartoli in the semifinals , but Li -- who earlier eliminated favorites Maria Sharapova and Victoria Azarenka -- powered through the tie-break without conceding a point . "  She played well . I could n't push her from the baseline , " Schiavone said . "  Then we were closer . One has to lose , one has to win . She deserved to win . " Schiavone beat Li in the third round in Paris last year , but was impressed by her opponent 's improvement since then . "  She runs much more . Now she can hit one or two shots more . That is a big advantage on the clay , " Schiavone said . "  I can imagine many people in China were watching this and will watch more now . I think it 's also important for them to know clay courts over there -- I think they just have hard courts . This can be a good start for them . " It was China 's first triumph at a grand slam since 2006 , when Yan Zi and Zheng Jie won the women 's doubles titles at both the Australian Open and Wimbledon . Meanwhile , Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Canada 's Daniel Nestor won the French Open men 's doubles title on Saturday . The second seeds , who have won 10 grand slam crowns between them with other doubles partners , triumphed 7-6  7-3  3-6 6-4 win over Colombia 's Juan Sebastian Cabal and Eduardo Schwank of Argentina .	Sixth seed Li Na beats defending champion Francesca Schiavone in French Open final Li becomes first Chinese or Asian tennis player to win a grand slam singles title The 29-year-old wins 6-4 7-6  7-0  in Paris against her Italian opponent Li will move up to fourth in the world rankings , equaling the best by an Asian player
CNN  -- You voted for prolific 19th century musician Ludwig van Beethoven as the most iconic composer of the western world . Last month , CNN 's arts and culture program , icon , asked you to vote for your top five iconic composers . Your top choice , Beethoven , was the first great composer to earn a successful living without patronage and composed some of his greatest works after becoming profoundly deaf . In second place came Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . Perhaps the most famous composer of all time , Mozart penned his first work aged five and went on to write the opera 's "  Don Giovanni " and "  Cosi fan tutte . " One of Baroque music 's greatest champions , Johann Sebastian Bach , took third place , while Romantic composer Tchaikovsky and child prodigy pianist Chopin rounded out the top five . In March , we want to know which iconic fashion designs revolutionized the way we dress . We 'll name your top five when the show airs on March 24 .	Ludwig van Beethoven is your most iconic composer Mozart and Bach were also in your top five In March , we want to know which iconic fashion item has changed the way we dress
CNN  -- A widow says she forgives the attackers in Libya who gunned down her husband earlier this month as he went for a morning jog outside his home in Benghazi . Ronnie Smith , 33 , was a chemistry teacher from Austin , Texas , who was working for more than a year in the International School Benghazi when four unidentified assailants in a black Jeep fatally shot him December 5 . "  I just envision the black Jeep driving up to him and I do n't know their faces . I just want them to know that God loves them and can forgive them for this , " Anita Smith tells CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an interview . Emotion broke her voice as she spoke . "  I do n't know them . That 's how I honestly feel . It may sound crazy . It 's God 's spirit that 's putting this inside me , " she added . Smith said she did n't feel any anger or want any revenge against the killers of her husband . "  I just really want them to know that I do love them and I forgive them , and Ronnie would want this , and I hope and pray that our son , Hosea , would believe this , " she said . "  Yeah , they took away my husband . I loved my husband . But it 's got to be God 's spirit that 's pushing me to show them that this is what God wants them to see , " she said . Smith also wrote an open letter to the Libyan people . She and her husband traveled to Libya "  because we saw the suffering of the Libyan people , but we also saw your hope , and we wanted to partner with you to build a better future , " she wrote . To the attackers , she wrote : "  I love you and I forgive you . " To the Libyan people , she said , "  We came to bless you , but you have blessed us much more . Thank you . " Benghazi was the cradle of Libya 's 2011 revolution that ousted leader Moammar Gadhafi 's regime but since then , the new government is struggling to control armed groups in the country . Libya 's second-largest city , Benghazi also is where militants attacked a U.S. diplomatic mission in September 2012 , killing four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens . The United States blames the Islamist militant group Ansar al-Sharia for the attack . "  I hear people speaking with hate , anger and blame over Ronnie 's death , but that 's not what Ronnie would want , " Smith wrote of her husband . "  I want all of you -- all of the people of Libya -- to know I am praying for the peace and prosperity of Libya . May Ronnie 's blood , shed on Libyan soil , encourage peace and reconciliation between the Libyan people and God . " CNN 's Chuck Hadad contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Widow Anita Smith forgives the attackers who killed her husband Teacher Ronnie Smith , 33 , was gunned down while jogging in Benghazi this month "  I do love them and I forgive them , " she says of husband 's killers "  It may sound crazy . It 's God 's spirit that 's putting this inside me , " she adds
CNN  -- "  Sex and the City 's " Mr. Big always did have a bad habit of putting his foot in his mouth . While doing press for his work with Chivas Regal Extra Scotch , the actor who played that wealthy gent on HBO 's iconic series apparently tried to make a joke that 's not likely to go over well among "  SATC " fans . While speaking with Australian outlet News.com.au , Noth dropped this comment about the charming but manipulative Mr. Big and his relationship with Sarah Jessica Parker 's romance-loving Carrie Bradshaw : "  He was what he was . One of the things I tell people is that he never tried to pretend he was anything other than what he was , " Noth said . "  It was  Carrie  who tried to pretend he was something he was n't . He was always honest about himself ; he never cheated on her . The relationship just did n't work , and he went on to get married while she went on to ... how many boyfriends did she have ? She was such a whore ! There 's a misconception that Carrie was a victim of him , and that 's not the case . She was a strong , smart woman . " News.com.au notes that Noth made his remark about the Carrie Bradshaw character with a laugh , which would indicate that the actor was being facetious . As Salon points out , the triumph of "  Sex and the City " -- and what made it a landmark program during its six-season run -- was Carrie Bradshaw 's navigation of being single and all the elation , struggle , boyfriends and one-night-stands that came with it . For once , the idea of getting married was just one of life 's many questions for a 30-something woman , not the explicit goal . Questionable humor aside , Noth was more serious about how theshow affected his beloved city , New York . "  The New York that ` Sex and the City ' depicted is not the New York that I love , " Noth said . "  New York was a much bigger , more interesting place than just fashion and glitz and all that crap . It 's become its own nightmare . ... Manhattan used to have a real rainbow coalition of class and ethnicity , but it 's being pushed out . It 's almost like New York became the  fantasy  city that ` Sex and the City ' depicted , which I find particularly boring . " A third movie based on the long-running show is rumored to be in the works . Sarah Jessica Parker teams up with Manolo Blahnik CEO	Chris Noth made a questionable joke in an Australian paper The "  Sex and the City " actor called character Carrie Bradshaw "  a whore " He also is n't happy with how "  Sex and the City " depicted New York
RIVERVIEW , Florida  CNN  -- The captain of the container ship Maersk Alabama ignored explicit warnings to stay well off the coast of Somalia before his capture by pirates in 2009 , according to 16 of its 19 crew members . "  It 's almost like he wanted to be captured , " the ship 's chief engineer , Mike Perry , told CNN in an interview to air on tonight 's "  AC360 . " Capt. Richard Phillips spent four days as a hostage after the attempted seizure of the Maersk Alabama . After his rescue by U.S. Navy SEAL commandos , Phillips was lauded as a hero , and the publisher of his new book promoted him as a sea captain who risked his life by offering himself as a hostage "  in exchange for the safety of the crew . " The 16 crew members have been far less public about the events , even as Phillips toured the country this spring to promote his book , "  A Captain 's Duty . " But now they are telling a different version of what took place in the waters off the Somali coast in early April 2009 . Perry , a 20-year veteran of the U.S. Navy , was the chief engineer aboard the Alabama as it sailed from Oman , in the Persian Gulf , to Mombasa , Kenya , with a cargo of relief supplies . He told CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin that Phillips ' decision "  certainly warrants an investigation . " "  I just want an investigation , for this to be looked at properly before that man winds up going back to sea on another ship and endangering somebody , " Perry said . Perry said he sailed on the Alabama after the pirate incident and retrieved e-mail warnings -- seven in all -- that urged the Alabama and other ships in the area to stay clear of the Somali coast and sail 600 miles away if necessary to avoid pirate attacks . Another former crew member , third engineer John Cronan , told CNN that Phillips "  was advised to change course by competent deck officers and he overruled them . " "  Stay on course , make our ETA , stay on the same course , " Cronan quoted Phillips as saying . For his part , Phillips said his preparations went beyond the industry standard for safety . He said the crew 's version of events is linked to a suit filed against the Danish shipping line Maersk , which owns the Alabama . So far , six former crew members , not including Perry , have filed suit , claiming the company "  knowingly sent their employees into pirate-infested waters , rather than taking safer routes . " "  We live in a litigious society , " Phillips said . "  So I ca n't really talk about what their complaint is . Their complaint is with the company , so it 's not my place . " Maersk has no comment on the lawsuit , the company told CNN . According to the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet , the Alabama was attacked about 380 miles off the Somali coast . Most of the e-mail warnings were sent by a private maritime security agency called Securewest International and were directed at all ships in the area , though one was specifically sent to Phillips . Each e-mail was based on information from British and U.S. naval authorities and urged the Alabama to stay clear of the shipping lanes where Phillips was heading . "  Vessels should consider maintaining a distance of more than 600 nautical miles from the Somali coastline , " one of the Securewest messages advised . Phillips acknowledged the existence of those e-mails , but said he could not respond to the accusations because of the lawsuit . Another crew member , Abu Tahir Mohammed Reza -- who goes by the initials "  ATM " -- told CNN that he was on the Alabama 's bridge when the Somali pirates began their attack . He said he spotted the pirates about three miles behind and to the right of the container ship and said Phillips "  laughed at me " and "  ignored me completely " when he reported the fast ship attack . Phillips disputed that account , saying he did not ignore any first warnings . "  I 'm not someone who laughs a lot . Ask my crew , do I laugh a lot and tell jokes ? I think the majority will say no , " he said . Phillips conceded , however , that in his book that he erred in identifying Reza as a Pakistani -- the sailor is from Bangladesh -- and that he was also wrong in writing that Reza gained U.S. citizenship via a lottery . And he said the real heroes are the Navy SEALs and his crew , whom he says stayed calm , followed orders and instincts and prevented a tragedy . "  They did a wonderful job , " he said . "  It 's in the book . Everywhere I speak , I say what a great job they did . " As for the widely repeated notion that he gave himself up to the Somali pirates in exchange for the safety of his crew , Captain Phillips told CNN "  the media got everything wrong . " "  I did n't give myself up , " he said . "  I was already a hostage by then . " He added , "  I think you 're forgetting they had guns . " Sailors aboard the destroyer USS Bainbridge killed three of the four pirates who held Phillips and captured the fourth , Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse . Muse pleaded guilty last week to charges he hijacked the Alabama and kidnapped the captain , and he faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars . The crew members who allege Phillips ignored warnings about Somali pirate attacks have created a Facebook page , "  Alabama Shipmates . " Perry said none initially wanted to go public with their assertions , but decided to do so as a group after the publication of Phillips ' book in April . "  We vowed we were gon na take it to our graves , " he told CNN . "  We were n't going to say anything . Then we hear this PR stuff coming out about giving himself up and he 's still hostage , and the whole crew is like , ` What ? ' " Perry told CNN the crew had heard numerous international radio broadcasts declaring Phillips had exchanged himself for the safety of the crew . When told that many of his crew feel slighted by him , Phillips said , "  There 's not much I can say . " "  The media made everything out to be me , " he said . "  But that 's the media . When I came home , I really did n't go and put myself in front of the media . A lot of my crew did . I did n't . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Captain of Maersk Alabama ignored warnings , 16 of 19 crew members say Capt. Richard Phillips became hero after pirate capture , rescue in April 2009 Chief engineer retrieved e-mails warning ships to stay well off Somalia Phillips says crew 's claims are tied to a lawsuit against Maersk shipping line
CNN  -- Marvin Miller died Tuesday at the age of 95 . Â And here 's why you should know his name : Miller transformed the game of baseball even though he never put on a uniform . This slight union lawyer was considered the enemy of owners , and yet he might have done more than anyone else to bring free market competition to the national pastime and make it a modern big business . He was lionized and vilified and is sadly still denied entry into the Baseball Hall of Fame . Baseball combines sports and statistics , so consider these numbers when assessing the career of Marvin Miller . When the Brooklyn-born mustachioed man was named executive director of the Major League Baseball Player 's Association in 1966 , the average player 's salary was just $ 7,000 a year . Many professional players had to work a second job just to provide for their families . In 1984 , when Miller left the position , the average players ' salary was $ 329,000 . Today it is $ 3.4 million . The reason is free agency . And that was the innovation that Miller brought to the game , against the bitter opposition of team owners . Bizarre as it might sound today , 40 years ago baseball was exempt from antitrust legislation . One of the impacts was that players could be contractually obligated to work for one team in perpetuity through what was called the reserve clause . They were effectively denied the ability to test their value in the open market , something Miller saw as akin to slavery . In 1969 , he and a courageous St. Cardinals ' player named Curt Flood , later christened "  Dred Scott in Spikes " by columnist George Will , took their challenge to the reserve clause all the way to the Supreme Court , where they lost by a 5 to 3 decision in 1972 . But Miller persevered and pursued the players ' liberation of their capital through free agency in 1975 . This survived a series of court challenges and became the norm today . Yes , players are now paid sometimes absurd salaries , but fans come to see players , not owners , and they deserve their share of the profits as a result . Yes , fans are too often denied their game by selfish strikes perpetrated by players and owners alike . These are unwelcome side effects of Miller 's legacy . But the free agency era of increased competition has actually chipped away at monopolies in every sense . Dynasties are less frequent and more teams have climbed from the cellar to the World Series . Competition works . The fact that Miller was denied entry into the Hall of Fame as recently as 2010 speaks to the influence of owners and their deep dislike of Miller 's intrusions and innovations . But there is irony that the trust-buster actually helped grow the economic pie of baseball , making more players and owners wealthy . It was ultimately a win-win , though the owners would always have a hard time seeing it . The most eloquent tribute to Miller might have been his extended inclusion in the documentary "  Baseball " by Ken Burns , one of my favorite movies . But the real tribute is all around us ; in countless ways the national pastime has been transformed through the efforts of a man whose name you might not have heard before Tuesday night : Marvin Miller , R.I.P. . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Marvin Miller , who died Tuesday , brought free market competition to baseball Avlon : When Miller became head of players ' union , the average player 's salary was $ 7,000 Avlon : Players could n't leave teams , which Miller fought , calling it a form of slavery Avlon : He made it possible for players to be free agents , but he never got in the Hall of Fame
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- He ventures into the forest looking for his daughters , armed with bow and arrow in case the terrorists surprise him . The odds are stacked against him . No one has found the 276 girls abducted from their school last month by the terror group Boko Haram . But then again , no one 's really been looking , the father says . That night of horror The father 's voice shakes as he recalls the night his two daughters were snatched from their dormitory at an all-girls school in Nigeria . It began with an explosion so loud that it shook buildings in the northern village of Chibok , waking the girls ' family . That was quickly followed by the sound of gunfire echoing into the dark night . By the time father made it to the Government Girls Secondary School , the militants had already opened fire on security guards and set buildings on fire . Unarmed , there was nothing the father could do but watch ... and wait . "  When I went into the school compound , nobody will ever stand it , " said the father , who is not being identified for fear of reprisals from attackers or the government . "  You will see their dresses cut out all over . And the hostel and dormitory , everything was bombed into ashes . So this man told us they have gone with our daughters . We could n't believe him . " Armed members of Boko Haram attacked the school on April 14 , overpowering the guards and herding the girls onto waiting trucks , according to accounts of that night . The trucks disappeared with the girls into the dense forest bordering Cameroon , a stronghold for the terror group whose name translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . That 's where the story gets hazy . Mixed messages from the government There are questions about just how many girls were taken , with varying reports putting that number between 230 to 276 , depending on who is talking . In the days after the attack , the military said all the girls had been released or rescued . But after the girls ' families began asking where their daughters were , the military retracted the statement . This much the father knows for sure : His two daughters are among those still in captivity after almost a month . Nigerian officials have defended their response and said they are searching . "  We 've done a lot -- but we are not talking about it , " presidential spokesman Doyin Okupe said . "  We 're not Americans . We 're not showing people , you know , but it does not mean that we are not doing something . " But the father scoffed at the government 's response . "  We have never seen any military man there , " he said . "  Had it been military men who went into the bush to rescue our daughters , we would have seen them . " ` We ca n't let this be the new normal ' Terrorists fill the void Boko Haram , on the other hand , is entrenched in the region . The father believes that either supporters or members of Boko Haram live in his village . They know his family , the father says . They know about his daughters . The family is so afraid , he says , that they have fled their home and taken to sleeping in the bush . "  Life is very dangerous in Chibok right now . Since on 14th of April , to date , we do n't sleep at home , " the father said . They 're not alone . The father said that starting around 5 or 6 o'clock in the evening , "  people will disappear into the bush because there is no security . " "  We sleep in the bush with all of our little ones , " he said . A violent force , a mother 's plea Boko Haram is a ruthless , powerful force . The group says its goal is to impose stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . A video that surfaced this week showed a man claiming to be the group 's leader saying he will sell the hundreds kidnapped girls . "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " said a man claiming to be Abubakar Shekau . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . I sell women . " The mother of the two girls had little response , just tears . "  Most of the women , we mothers , we started crying because had no one to help us , " she said . "  Our daughters  have  been adopted or captured as slaves . Now ... we can not even eat . " This is n't the parents ' first experience with Boko Haram . They adopted one of their two daughters after her parents were killed by the terrorist group . The mother begs for the girls ' freedom , away from a lifetime of abuse and slavery . "  They do n't know , probably one of them are born a president or doctor or pastor or a lawyer who will be helpful to the country , " she said . "  Why would they molest these little ones ? Please ... release them . " Vladimir Duthiers reported from Abuja , Nigeria ; Holly Yan and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Khushbu Shah also contributed to this report .	A father says despite officials ' claims , he has seen no military presence Parents and children sleep in the bushes , fearing more attacks by Boko Haram The father has searched for the girls himself , venturing out with bow and arrow Mother : Our daughters have been adopted or captured as slaves
CNN  -- Carl Edwards , one of NASCAR 's elite , makes a living traveling at speeds upwards of 200 mph and is on the road more than 200 days a year . So when he wants to slow down , he heads to his hometown of Columbia , Missouri . NASCAR driver Carl Edwards grew up in Columbia , Missouri . He grew up in Columbia and could n't wait to get out of town , but after living in North Carolina for three years , he was ready to come back . "  I realized after being away , there just are n't many places cooler than this , " Edwards said . "  So I moved back , and now I live here and I 'm really proud to live here . " He competes in both the Nationwide Series and the Sprint Cup Series for NASCAR . He won a Busch Series Cup in 2007 , finished last year 's Sprint Cup Series in second , and is fiercely fighting for Sprint Cup honors this year . Edwards has recovered from a frightening crash-ending to his last race in Talladega , Alabama , and is looking forward to racing in Richmond , Virginia , this week , hoping for his first trip of the season to victory lane . His fans are eagerly awaiting that trademark victory back flip . But through all of the excitement and acclaim , Edwards remains grounded and true to his Missouri roots . He took CNN home with him to Columbia -- which is between Kansas City and St. Louis -- to share some of his favorite spots . The day started at Rock Bridge State Park , 2,273 acres of natural beauty and serenity that is hard to believe is only 10 minutes from the bustling center of this college town . "  This park is one of Columbia 's best secrets . It 's a beautiful place to come mountain biking , hiking . There 's a cave that runs under this ground that goes for over 50 miles . " The park boasts 15 miles of trails and endless possibilities for adventure , from hiking and biking to canoeing and even cave exploration . When Edwards gets the need for speed at home , he opts for two wheels instead of four . He grabs his bicycle and heads to the Katy Trail , just up the road from Rock Bridge Park . "  This used to be an old railroad , and now it 's a state park . It 's 10 feet wide , it 's over 200 miles long , and all of this is open to the public . " Edwards also showed us one of his favorite trail features : a beautiful giant bur oak tree simply referred to by Missouri natives as "  the big bur oak . " Edwards says it 's one of the oldest in the state and thinks that it is one of the coolest spots along the trail . All that exercise and fresh air can certainly rev up an appetite , and Edwards has two favorite places to cure that . For what he calls the best burger in the world , he heads to Booches Billiard Hall , one of his high school hangouts . "  We used to come here in high school when we probably should have been in school . We 'd shoot pool , eat booch burgers and just have a good time , " he said . We were greeted by one of the owners , Charlie Kurry , who poked a little fun at Edwards ' trademark backflip celebration . "  The only thing flipping in here is the burgers , " Kurry said . Booches has been in operation in Columbia since 1884 . Next up is Shakespeare 's Pizza , which has been serving slices in Columbia for more than 35 years . "  They can make you anything you want . They 've got whole wheat crust if you 're into the health stuff like I am . And it 's so good , they even catered my wedding . " These are just some of the hidden gems of Carl Edwards ' Columbia , but this town has much more to offer . There are museums , festivals and parades , and the University of Missouri has provided a lot of athletic excitement with its football and basketball teams over the past few years . It 's a perfect weekend getaway from its larger surrounding cities . And if you live farther away than that , it 's worth the trip !	NASCAR driver Carl Edwards shares his favorite spots in Columbia , Missouri He 's a fan of Rock Bridge State Park , only 10 minutes from the center of town Edwards also frequents Booches Billiard Hall for the "  best burger in the world "
On Wednesday , the United States government looked perilously close to hitting its debt ceiling -- the limit on the amount Washington can borrow to pay its bills . While Americans watched as the specter of a potential debt default and continuation of the government shutdown approached , life went on as usual in the rest of the world . Here are five stories you may have missed . Death toll from Philippines quake rises Philippine authorities raised the death toll from Tuesday 's 7.1 magnitude earthquake to 144 . The quake was centered near a town in Bohol province , in the central Philippines , where the bulk of casualties were recorded . Almost 300 people were injured and local media said authorities were checking reports that people were trapped in collapsed buildings . Iran holds nuclear talks with the P5 +1 Representatives from Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- plus Germany -- concluded a meeting in Geneva on Iran 's nuclear program by releasing a joint statement . Many in the West fear Iran is pursuing the development of a nuclear bomb , but Iran has always maintained that it is developing nuclear energy capabilities for peaceful purposes only . The joint statement described the talks as "  substantive and forward-looking , " but details were scarce . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the Iranians had put forward a new proposal "  with a level of seriousness and substance that we had not seen before . " Discussions are scheduled to resume on November 7 and 8 . Passenger plane crashes in Laos A Lao Airlines passenger plane flying from Laos ' capital , Vientiane , crashed as it prepared to land at Pakse Airport , near the border with Thailand . Forty-nine people -- 44 passengers and 5 crew -- were killed in the crash . They included 16 Laotian passengers and five crew , seven French , six Australians , five Thais , three Koreans , two Vietnamese , an American , a Canadian , a Chinese , a Malaysian and one Taiwanese , an airline spokesman said . It was raining at the time of the crash and the spokesman said later that gusts from the remnant of a typhoon appeared to have caused the pilots to lose control of the aircraft . At least 18 die in Tokyo typhoon Typhoon Wipha pummeled the Tokyo region , killing at least 18 people and leaving more than 40 missing . The majority of deaths occurred after heavy rain triggered flooding and landslides that blocked roads and crushed houses in Oshima , a small island 120km  75 miles  south of the Japanese capital , a local official said . The typhoon cut power to more than 56,000 households and led to the cancellation of more than 500 flights , as well as the suspension of bullet train services in central and northern Japan . Fatwa allows Syrians to eat cats and dogs during Eid Fighting continued in Syria on the second day of Islam 's Eid al-Adha -- or Feast of Sacrifice -- holiday . At least 53 people -- including 13 children and four women -- were killed , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported . Meanwhile , Arabic media reported that an imam in the capital Damascus had issued a religious ruling allowing the desperately hungry to eat dogs and cats , where stores of food were inadequate . Eating dog , cat or donkey is forbidden under Islamic dietary laws .	In Washington Wednesday , the U.S. lifted its debt ceiling and reopened government In Asia , the death toll from a quake rose , a typhoon struck and a passenger plane crashed In Syria , the fighting and deaths continued on the second day of the Eid al-Adha holiday In Europe , representatives from Iran and the P5 +1 met to discuss its nuclear program
CNN  -- With a chance of winning an Oscar on Sunday , the director of "  The Final Inch " says she hopes her documentary will shed light on the often over-looked issue of polio eradication . The more doses of the vaccination a child receives , the better protected the child is from contracting polio . "  I felt like I was looking at something that no one in the world talks about , " Irene Taylor Brodsky , who also helped produce the film , said in a recent interview . Filming the short documentary was an "  eye-opening experience , " she said , particularly for one of her co-producers who had to wear a bulletproof vest during filming in Afghanistan . "  The Final Inch " is a testament of the health workers around the world laboring to make polio the second globally eliminated disease behind small pox , Brodsky said . The 37-minute film , which is scheduled to air on HBO on April 1 , has been nominated for an Academy Award in the best documentary short subject category . The awards ceremony is Sunday night . The film focuses on "  the final stages of a 20 year initiative " to eradicate polio around the world , Brodsky said . Polio is a highly infectious disease which lingers in the poor water systems of India , Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . The more doses of the vaccination a child receives , the better protected the child is from contracting polio . "  The Final Inch " focuses on the polio vaccine efforts in India and Pakistan . Brodsky said she hoped to include Afghanistan , but that became impossible because of the threat of violence and social barriers . Producer Tom Grant had to wear a bulletproof vest while filming in the war-torn country . He was unable to capture compelling footage because of familial protocol that forbids a man from entering a home full of women while no husband is present . Thus , Grant was often denied access , Brodsky said . In many countries , people are hesitant to vaccinate their children against polio because of a distrust of the government . Some civilians believe the vaccination to be "  something more sinister like a sterilizing drug " produced to curtail their population , Brodsky explained . She said she often ran into "  the skepticism that some communities have against our government in cooperation with their own government . " "  It never occurred to me that U.S. foreign policies could affect young children living in the most densely populated areas , " she said . Although it has been 50 years since the United States developed a vaccination for polio , millions of children abroad remain unprotected . "  Ordinary American people have forgotten polio , " Brodsky said . And , although the number of polio cases have been reduced by 99 percent , the highly infectious disease is still very real . "  It really limits the opportunities a child might have as an adult , " said Oliver Rosenbauer , a spokesman for the World Health Organization 's Global Polio Eradication Initiative . As part of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , 20 million volunteers deliver vaccinations to schools , bus stops and rail stations across the world on a daily basis . Only four countries had recorded cases of polio in 2008 , down from 125 countries 10 years ago , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . This year , there have been 26 recorded cases of polio around the world , compared with 46 people who were infected with polio last year . "  But we 're only in mid-February . That does n't say much , " Rosenbauer said . He said that he is most concerned that a child suffering from polio will have a difficult time integrating into society , building friendships and finding a job . "  So it 's much more than just the fact that this child will be physically disabled for the rest of his or her life , " he added . "  It is the opportunity that is lost from the life they might have led . " CNN and HBO are both part of Time Warner .	` The Final Inch ' focuses on the polio vaccine efforts in India and Pakistan Millions of children abroad remain unprotected from polio This year , there have been 26 recorded cases of polio around the world
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Seydi Burciaga just finished her overnight shift at Sam 's Club , where she worked for the past 10 years . She made her way through the pouring rain in her minivan and turned onto her cul-de-sac in suburban Atlanta . Seydi and Pedro Burciaga were married for 14 years with two children . "  She was a very loving mother , " he said . She was three-tenths of a mile from home . The mother of two young children never made it . Floodwaters from a swollen creek swept her Nissan Quest from Desiree Drive around 5 a.m. Monday . On a normal day , the creek is only a few feet wide . But days of nonstop rain turned the seemingly harmless waterway into a raging river . It sits at the bottom of a steep hill on a street with no lights . It would 've been nearly impossible to see the swift-moving water or how deep it was in the pre-dawn darkness . Her car was picked up and carried behind an elementary school and lodged in trees . Water was coming in fast , she told a 911 dispatcher . Listen to the frantic 911 call " "  Please , come help me , " she says , her voice cracking . "  Please . " The 911 dispatcher draws silent for a moment . "  Alright , ma'am . Just stay as calm as possible . " During the next 12 minutes , the dispatcher would try to reassure Burciaga as she elicited clues as to the caller 's exact whereabouts . It was a neighborhood Burciaga knew well . She 'd lived there for the past decade . She was known as the neighborhood mom who would take anyone who needed help to the dentist or the doctor . Fluent in Spanish , she would often act as translator . "  She was a very loving mother , a good wife , a strong woman , " said Pedro Burciaga , her husband of 14 years . "  She liked helping everyone , and overall she worked very hard . ... She always had a smile for everyone . " As her life teetered in the balance , she described being near a yellow house and tried to give other details of where her vehicle was . The 911 call was one of more than 400 before daybreak Monday that sent rescue crews through the floodwaters of Gwinnett County , a large suburban county northeast of Atlanta . "  My car is turning . Now the wheels is getting up , and I 'm going to drown , " Burciaga says . A fire rescue team was at the scene by 5:09 a.m. Police arrived at 5:13 a.m. . She was still on the phone with dispatch . The entire roadway was submerged by 5 or 6 feet of water . Nearby parked vehicles were nearly covered by the rushing water . An outbuilding had been carried from its foundation . Watch how to escape from a sinking car " "  Listen to me . You 're not going to drown . Roll down your windows , if you 're able to , and get out of your vehicle , " the 911 dispatcher says . "  I 'm in the back of my car . I do n't know if I can break it , " Burciaga says . "  Ma'am , if you can break it , break it . Do whatever you can to get out of your vehicle . " "  Yes , please , but my car is -- " "  It does n't matter about your car , " the dispatcher says . "  What matters is your life . We 're going to save your life . " A few moments later , the waters intensify . "  It 's taking me down now , " Burciaga says , crying . "  It 's taking you down , " the dispatcher repeats . "  Just stay on the phone with me . I 'm right here . I 'm gon na stay with you . " "  Please ! It 's going to drown -- " "  OK , listen , you 're not going to drown . We 're going to be there for you . Just stay with me , OK ? " "  OK , OK , " Burciaga says . Moments later , she shrieks , "  Oh my God ! " Her voice grows more concerned . Her cell phone goes out at 5:16 a.m. . According to a police report , rescue crews tried to swim into the water to find her , but the waters were moving too fast , and they could n't spot her . After about an hour , the waters receded . Her vehicle was 300 yards away . She was found across the back seats of her minivan . She was dressed in blue jeans , a green shirt and gray tennis shoes . Burciaga , a Mexican immigrant , was to turn 40 on November 18 . She was the mother of a 9-year-old son and a 4-year-old daughter . Her ritual every night was to tuck them in bed before heading off to work . "  She would give them a blessing , a kiss , " her husband told CNN . Burciaga 's death was one of at least nine in severe flooding that has shut down roads across north Georgia and caused gridlock on Atlanta 's already congested highways . See flood photos across the Southeast " Her death troubled even the most veteran law enforcement personnel . "  There 's really no words to describe it , " said Gwinnett County police spokesman David Shiralli . "  We 're here to save lives when we can . When we do everything in our power and we still fail at it , it makes us feel bad . " On the quiet street where Burciaga lived , residents made a makeshift memorial at the small bridge over the creek . Flowers were placed at the foot of the street ; an angel figurine stood with her hands clasped in prayer . Nearby , shrubbery was flattened , possibly from her vehicle . The creek was back to being a tiny waterway . Residents said it floods often during rainstorms , but they 'd never seen anything like Monday . "  At night when it 's dark and water is covering the road , you ca n't really see it . It 's not the first time it has overran , but it 's never been that high before , " said Nathaniel Knight , who lived next door to Burciaga for the past five years . Knight was still shaken by her death . "  She 's just a really nice person , a woman that works the night shift . Just so nice . " He said he felt for her husband : "  This just has to be horrible , just devastating for him . " A viewing for friends and relatives was held Tuesday evening . In nearby Duluth , her colleagues at Sam 's Club were beginning their night shift , minus their colleague of the past decade . "  We 've lost a valued member of our family , and we will always remember her smile , " said store manager Annette Gillespie . "  She was an outstanding associate and hard worker , but most importantly , she was our friend . " Her husband struggled for words . His favorite memory : "  Her smile , how she was with my children . She loved them a lot . She gave them lots of love . " How so ? "  With kisses , hugs , " he said , gently . "  Now I 'm destroyed because I 'm going to miss her a lot . " CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Mother of two gets swept away in floods , pleads for help in 911 call Rescuers were on the scene as she spoke but could n't locate her Calm 911 dispatcher : "  What matters is your life . We 're going to save your life . " Woman was to turn 40 in November ; she had worked at Sam 's Club for 10 years
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled Monday that two men convicted of killings committed when they were 14 can not be sentenced to life in prison without at least the possibility of parole . The 5-4 ruling is a victory for defenders of juvenile offenders , affirming recent high court rulings against harsh criminal sentences . Justice Elena Kagan said it would be wrong for states to ignore the chance that these now-adult inmates may someday be rehabilitated . "  The mandatory sentencing schemes before us violate this principle of proportionality , and so violate the Eighth Amendment 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment , " Kagan said . Justices mull whether life without parole appropriate for underage killers The high court in 2005 banned the death penalty for those under 18 who commit aggravated murder . Then , five years later , the justices said juveniles found guilty of non-homicides could not receive life without parole . The spotlight has now turned on the youngest of killers and the question of whether a national consensus has developed to treat them differently regarding a lifetime of incarceration . The separate appeals involved an Alabama boy who , with an accomplice , robbed a neighbor and then beat the man to death and set his house on fire ; and an Arkansas youth who was part of a group of teens who robbed a video store where the clerk was blasted to death with a shotgun . Both defendants are now adults serving their sentences . Both were tried and convicted as adults and received the minimum sentences allowed under state law for felony capital murder . About 2,500 prisoners are serving life sentences without parole for crimes committed as juveniles , at least 79 of whom were 14 years or younger at the time , according to the Equal Justice Initiative , which is representing the two men before the high court . In his argument to the court , Attorney Bryan Stevenson had urged the justices not to "  give up " on child offenders , who he said are fundamentally different from adults . He said that while they must be held accountable for their actions , youths are also works in progress , emotionally and developmentally . Stevenson said firmly that all those under 18 at the time of their crimes deserve the chance for parole someday . He said the often-terrible facts of a murder can overwhelm any mitigating factors like a defendant 's age , especially for jurors who may be unaware that a young person 's brain and self-control are often not fully developed , and their living environment can play a role as well . "  You would say that a person of 17 years and 11 months who commits the worst possible string of offenses -- and demonstrates great maturity -- still can not be sentenced to life imprisonment without parole ? " asked Alito during oral arguments in March . He wrote the tough dissenting opinion , supported by Chief Justice John Roberts , and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . "  When the majority of this court countermands that democratic decision  by state legislatures  , what the majority is saying is that members of society must be exposed to the risk that these convicted murders , if released from custody , will murder again , " said Alito , who delivered his dissent from the bench , a rare privilege typically granted in only the most contentious of cases . Alabama Solicitor General John Neiman told the court that states deserve discretion to set punishments for the worst of offenders , even teenagers . Complicating matters , several justices at argument noted differences between the two cases before them . Neiman said the murder committed by Evan Miller in Alabama was especially "  gruesome . " The boy and his accomplice had smoked marijuana with the victim in his trailer . The 52-year-old man burned to death after the mobile home was set ablaze . In Kuntrell Jackson 's case , he was outside acting as a lookout when the Chickasaw County , Arkansas , robbery took place . It was a 15-year-old boy who shot the female clerk when she refused to turn over money . The actual shooter later pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole . Stevenson said there was a real question whether Jackson had an "  intent to kill " during the botched robbery , perhaps allowing for a lesser sentence . But Arkansas Assistant Attorney General Kent Holt said the sentence of life without parole was still appropriate , arguing the defendant could have received the death penalty if he had been an adult at the time of the crime . "  A legislative judgment has been made with regard to drawing a baseline for all murderers , whether they are juvenile murderers , whether they are getaway drivers , " Holt said . "  And when you counsel or aid or do anything that gets you liability for being a capital murderer , then that is the minimum sentence " -- life without parole , with no exceptions . The cases are Miller v. Alabama  10-9646  and Jackson v. Hobbs  10-9647  . From the archives : Opinion column argues against life without parole for juveniles	Two men sentenced to life must have at least the chance of parole , the court says Each of them was 14 years old at the time of the crimes Kagan : "  The mandatory sentencing schemes ... violate  the  principle of proportionality , Alito : The ruling exposes society to the risk of the men murdering again if released
CNN  -- Roger Federer arrives in London for the ATP World Tour Finals with a point to prove . The 17-time grand slam champion , arguably the greatest player to ever pick up a racket , is outside the top four of the world rankings for the first time in a decade . Drops in form and fitness have plagued the once all-conquering Swiss , but one prominent coach is confident Federer can return to the peak of the sport if he can address a niggling back problem . "  He 's fighting against his back which is hurting him very often during the year , " Patrick Mouratoglou , coach of women 's tennis powerhouse Serena Williams , told CNN . "  He lost many matches because of the back , he lost confidence because of that and also he can not practice the way he wants because his back is hurting . "  He 's been out of shape too many times in the year and at that level you can not perform when you are out of shape . " Federer , who recently split from coach Paul Annacone , is appearing in the season-ending showpiece for a record-equaling 12th year in a row . The Swiss has also won the tournament more times than any other player in history , with Federer heading to London 's O2 Arena in search of a record-extending seventh title . Mouratoglou is confident Federer , currently down in seventh in the world rankings , still has what it takes to challenge the top players in the men 's game . "  His back is the main thing , " he added . "  I can not say he would be No. 1 still because the men are very close to each other . "  I think Rafael Nadal has always caused problems to Roger , but he would be in the top three . " World No. 1 Nadal tops the bill at the World Tour Finals and is bidding for a first win at the event , while six-time grand slam champion Novak Djokovic is looking to add to the titles he clinched in 2008 and 2012 . British fans will be disappointed that Andy Murray misses as he continues his recovery from a back injury , but 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro will be in attendance . David Ferrer , Tomas Berdych and Federer 's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka will also take part in the eight-man round robin competition . Frenchman Richard Gasquet completes the line-up . The world No. 9 has benefited from Murray 's withdrawal .	A prominent tennis coach says Roger Federer can still challenge for titles Patrick Mouratoglou is the coach of women 's world No. 1 Serena Williams Mouratoglou convinced Federer 's back injury is the reason behind his slump Federer is bidding for a record seventh World Tour Finals triumph
CNN  Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger . Should he act any differently when he 's on trial for murder ? When the once rising star for the New England Patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado ? -- he enters from a connecting holding room . Some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is . Besides that certain bounce to his step , there 's usually a smile . Jury deliberations resume Wednesday Watch "  Downward Spiral : Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez " tonight at 9 p.m. ET . It has n't been there as often in the last couple of weeks when state witnesses have included his fiancée Shayanna Jenkins and his former boss , New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft , who testified Hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug . Always impeccably dressed in suit and tie brought in by his defense team , Hernandez quickly scans the courtroom , usually starting with the rows of seats directly behind him . The front row is reserved for his family . Some days , none of his relatives is there . But when his mother , fiancée , brother and other friends attend , he winks , nods , smiles , jokes , laughs , flirts with his fiancée and mouths greetings to them including " ` thanks for coming ' and ' I love you . ' " Twice , he nodded his head and smiled at me . It 's not unusual for his lawyers to slap him on his back and huddle before court begins , appearing at ease . They 've been representing him since June 2013 . There was an unfortunate moment . His mother once asked permission from a court officer to touch her son once the jury left the room . Given an OK , she reached over the bar to him , took one of his hands in hers and kissed it . Rules forbid contact . It did not go unnoticed by the family of victim Odin Lloyd . Hernandez does not avoid looking in their direction . He glances at Lloyd 's relatives . Lloyd 's mother Ursula Ward , who is in court daily , appears to look right back at Hernandez without expression from her usual seat on the end of a row . When one witness , a high school friend , testifies that Hernandez once allegedly talked about carrying a gun , Hernandez appears to glare at him . When his fiancée takes the stand and testifies Hernandez told her to ditch a box from their basement the day after Lloyd 's slaying , his eyes are glued on her . She barely glances his way but does appear to say something as she passes the defense table on the way out . When Kraft is asked to officially point out Hernandez in court and describe what he was wearing , I watch Hernandez look down at his shirt and tie as Kraft detailed his outfit . When the team owner leaves the stand -- the same man who signed him to a $ 40 million bonus in 2012 -- Hernandez turns and watches him walk out of the courtroom . Would it be the last time he 'd see him in person ? On the last day of testimony when his defense rests its case , he smiles at relatives . But as he walks out the door this time , he does n't look back .	Aaron Hernandez , even when on trial for murder , keeps that certain bounce in his step Hernandez seemed to watch his former boss and fiancee closely when they were on the stand
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Former President Jimmy Carter reiterated Wednesday that he believes racism is an issue for President Obama in trying to lead the country . In Atlanta , Georgia , on Wednesday , Jimmy Carter again linked harsh Obama criticism to racism . "  When a radical fringe element of demonstrators and others begin to attack the president of the United States as an animal or as a reincarnation of Adolf Hitler or when they wave signs in the air that said we should have buried Obama with Kennedy , those kinds of things are beyond the bounds , " the Democrat who served from 1977-1981 told students at Emory University . "  I think people who are guilty of that kind of personal attack against Obama have been influenced to a major degree by a belief that he should not be president because he happens to be African American . "  It 's a racist attitude , and my hope is and my expectation is that in the future both Democratic leaders and Republican leaders will take the initiative in condemning that kind of unprecedented attack on the president of the United States , " Carter said . Watch Carter speak at Emory " Carter 's comments came a day after he said racial politics played a role in South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson 's outburst during Obama 's speech to Congress last week and in some of the opposition the president has faced since taking office . "  I think an overwhelming portion of the intensely demonstrated animosity toward President Barack Obama is based on the fact that he is a black man , that he 's African-American , " Carter told "  NBC Nightly News . " "  I live in the South , and I 've seen the South come a long way , and I 've seen the rest of the country that shares the South 's attitude toward minority groups at that time , particularly African-Americans . " Michael Steele , the first African-American to chair the Republican National Committee , denied Wednesday that race is fueling protests . Watch Lou Dobbs ' guests debate the issue " "  President Carter is flat-out wrong , " Steele said in a statement . "  This is n't about race . It is about policy . " The House voted Tuesday to formally disapprove of Wilson 's behavior during the joint session of Congress . The resolution was approved largely along party lines , with Republicans calling the measure unnecessary partisan politics . Wilson apologized to the White House last week , but congressional Democrats said he owed the chamber a similar statement of regret . Steele said Democrats are just trying to divert attention from what he called the president 's "  wildly unpopular government-run health care plan . " Actor and comedian Bill Cosby , who is black , said Wednesday in a written statement that he agrees with Carter . "  During President Obama 's speech on the status of health care reform , some members of Congress engaged in a public display of disrespect , " he said . Watch Carter link animosity toward Obama to racism " "  While one representative hurled the now infamous ` you lie ' insult at the president , others made their lack of interest known by exhibiting rude behavior such as deliberately yawning and sending text messages . " Carter 's comments on racism came during his 28th annual town hall meeting at Emory , where he has been a professor since 1982 . He spoke an a variety of issues . Carter criticized former President George W. Bush for his handling of North Korea , whose then-leader Kim Il Sung had persuaded by Carter to abandon his nuclear ambitions and allow international inspectors into the country . "  Unfortunately , when President George W. Bush came into office , he threw away all of those agreements ... and declared that North Korea was one of the ` axis-of-evil ' " nations , Carter said . That led the current North Korean president , Kim Jong Il , to order the reprocessing of the nation 's spent nuclear fuel rods , to expel the inspectors and to explode two nuclear devices , destabilizing the region , Carter said . The former president said top U.S. officials should consider acceding to North Korea 's requests by negotiating directly with its leaders , guaranteeing not to launch an attack against the country and , over a period of time , establishing full diplomatic relations . "  I do n't see why we should n't , " he said . "  That 's the only thing that can keep North Korea from continuing with their reprocessing of fuel . " But Carter predicted Bush would do well as a former president . "  I suspect he is going to fulfill his destiny in a very admirable way , " the Sunday School teacher from Plains , Georgia , said . Asked what he would do if he were allowed to return to office for a single day , the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize winner said : "  Bring peace to Israel and its neighbors . " He predicted that global warming will occupy much of Obama 's time once a health plan is passed and said the United States needs to wean itself from its dependence on imported oil . Carter noted that when he became president in 1977 , the nation was importing 8.6 million barrels of oil per day . By 1982 , that number had been halved to 4.3 million . "  Now , it 's 13 million barrels per day , and we 're heavily dependent , as you know , on imported oil from some countries that do n't really care about our own well-being . " Carter cited Egyptian President Anwar Sadat as the most interesting person he met during his presidency . He praised Sadat for allying with him in 1979 to forge a peace treaty with Israel . Carter blamed "  political problems " for his inability to overhaul the nation 's health care system in 1979 so that all 15 million Americans then without health insurance would have gotten coverage . That number has tripled in the intervening years . He also said he opposes sex-ed programs in the nation 's public schools that teach abstinence only , saying such programs only increase the number of abortions and unwanted children . The 84-year-old former politician said the best moment of his life -- so far -- was when Rosalynn Smith told him 63 years ago that she would marry him . The former president also took a swipe at rapper Kanye West 's behavior on Sunday , when he jumped onstage during the MTV Video Music Awards and took the microphone from country singer Taylor Swift during her would-be acceptance speech for the Best Female Video . West declared that Beyonce Knowles should have won . "  I thought it was completely uncalled for and his punishment was to appear on the new Jay Leno show , " Carter said . His reference to West 's television appearance as punishment was tongue-in-cheek , since the musician had been booked on the show long before the incident took place . On Monday , West appeared on the debut of Leno 's 10 p.m. show and said he knew his actions were wrong . Swift said on Tuesday that West had called her directly and apologized .	Carter follows up Tuesday comments , again linking Obama criticism , race Former president says , "  That racism inclination still exists " RNC Chairman Michael Steele reacts : Carter is "  flat-out wrong " Carter cites protesters calling Obama a Nazi as example of racial politics
Even by MIT standards , says Tom Leighton , Danny Lewin was special . "  He was really exceptionally smart . MIT has a lot of really smart people , and Danny stood out even among that rarified environment , " says Leighton , who was then one of Lewin 's professors at the Massachusetts school 's computer science laboratory . "  He liked working on the hardest problems , as opposed to the easier ones , because they would make more of a difference . " That kind of determination drove Lewin throughout his short life . He was an American who joined the Israeli army and served in an elite unit , though he could have avoided the military altogether . He was a mathematician who could have had a stellar academic career but decided to jump into business . Most importantly , in the late '90s he saw a solution to what was then called the "  World Wide Wait " and , with his company Akamai Technologies -- co-founded with Leighton -- made the Web faster and more efficient .  Disclosure : CNN was an early Akamai client and remains one to this day . Lewin died on September 11 , 2001 , at age 31 . He was on American Airlines Flight 11 , the first plane to hit the World Trade Center , and was almost certainly the first person killed in the attacks on that horrible day . His life is now the subject of a new biography , "  No Better Time : The Brief , Remarkable Life of Danny Lewin , the Genius Who Transformed the Internet . " If you 've never heard of Lewin , you 're not alone , says the book 's author , Molly Knight Raskin . That was partly due to his low-profile life and business -- Akamai is an infrastructure company , and Lewin was n't flashy with his instant dot-com millions -- and partly because his friends and family shied away from publicity . But she believes it 's a life that deserves to be celebrated . Even at 31 , she says , he 'd already accomplished so much . There were so many different elements , she says -- his military service , his business leadership , his intellect , his savvy -- and she wanted to convey some of that energy to others . "  It was about the way he lived , " she says . "  I felt like if he was motivating me as much , I felt like I could do the same for readers . " ` Like lighting a fire ' From the beginning , Lewin seemed destined for big things . Even as a child he was an accomplished violinist , performer and athlete . He loved computers , too , learning to program an Apple II his father brought home in 1979 . He was 9 . In 1984 , his family decided to move to Israel , and Lewin grew up near Jerusalem . He often spent as much time weightlifting as on his schoolwork , the book notes ; nevertheless he aced his classes while developing an enviable physique . The latter would serve him well when he joined the Israel Defense Forces and tried out for the Sayeret Matkal , the secretive unit known for the famed 1976 rescue raid on Uganda 's Entebbe Airport . Israel was key to shaping Lewin 's temperament , says Raskin . "  Moving to Israel was like lighting a fire under  his  drive , " she says . "  He wanted to squeeze every last drop out of every minute out of every hour out of every day . " The imprint of the country 's intensity and its people 's blunt manner were obvious to anyone who met him years later . Some Akamai colleagues found him abrasive , and Lewin -- who had a fondness for words -- joked about being "  obstreperous . " But he was also terrifically loyal , supportive of staff and worked as hard as anybody . "  He was motivating , so if he did kick you in the butt and tell you to work harder , generally people responded very well to that , " Leighton recalls . "  People wanted to ` take the hill ' if he was saying that 's what we 've got to do . " It was enough to impress Leighton , the academic who says in the book that he would have been perfectly happy to spend the rest of his life solving proofs . What attracted him to enter the private sector was "  a chance for us to make a difference in the real world , " he says in a phone interview . "  In the area where we worked , in algorithms and the theoretical side of computer science , often that work is good , deep work , but it does n't change the world . It does n't impact people directly , " adds Leighton , now the CEO of Akamai . "  With this work , we thought it would have relevance in the real world , and make the Internet be faster , more reliable , more secure . It was a chance that was pretty rare for us . " ` His potential was limitless ' You have to remember that the Web we use today -- with practically instantaneous results , broadband-fueled streaming video and at-your-fingertips devices -- was practically unimaginable when Akamai was founded in 1998 . Back then , with dial-up access and overworked servers , a page load could be as interminable as the drip of molasses . And so Akamai -- the name comes from the Hawaiian for "  smart " or "  clever " -- was born . But even with its killer app , which lowered the possibility of crashing servers , there was no guarantee of success , even in the late - '90s dot-com era . Indeed , Akamai 's first attempt at impressing the venture capitalists who fund such dreams , the MIT $ 50K Entrepreneurship Competition , fell short . That only pushed Lewin to work harder . The company struck pay dirt on an unlikely day , March 11 , 1999 . That Thursday two events shook the Web : The opening of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament and the first streaming of the trailer for "  Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace . " While servers crashed all over the country , Akamai-supported machines handled the surge , and the company started taking off . The next two years were boom and bust -- for the Internet and for Akamai . In the aftermath of the company 's October 1999 IPO , Lewin and Leighton were briefly paper billionaires . The stock scaled $ 300 a share . Then came the crash of 2000 . Dozens of dot-com companies folded . By 2001 , Akamai stock was selling for less than $ 5 . Leighton says Lewin never lost his concentration . "  We were both pretty focused on getting the job done , and that was true whether the stock was at 350 bucks or 50 cents , " he says "  It was positive reinforcement . If one of us got worried about a problem , the other would step in and say , here 's how we 're going to get past this one and here 's why it 's going to work out . " 9/11 Nevertheless , things were particularly grim on September 10 , 2001 . Leighton remembers a session stretching late into the evening in which the executives had to decide whom to lay off , including some friends and colleagues who had been with them almost since the beginning . The next morning Lewin had to fly from Boston to Los Angeles . "  He probably barely got an hour of sleep before getting on board the next morning , " Leighton remembers . Lewin was sitting in seat 9B . With his Israeli military training and understanding of Arabic , he may have figured out what was going on , perhaps even tried to stop it . According to flight attendants ' calls relayed to authorities on the ground , the first passenger to be killed was seated in 9B . He was stabbed to death . Friends have always pondered the what-ifs . Lewin may have finished his Ph.D. , something that always nagged at him . Friends thought he could have entered Israeli politics . Or he could have become a high-tech household name , like Bill Gates or Steve Jobs . "  Those who knew him feel like the world was robbed , " says Raskin . "  He was always searching for something greater . " Leighton , who helped keep Akamai going in the dark days after Lewin 's death , wonders as well . Akamai has since become a multibillion-dollar company active in cybersecurity . Perhaps Lewin would have gone that direction , using both his mathematical mind and his military training to fight terrorism . We 'll never know . "  I think he could have done whatever he decided he wanted to do , " says Leighton . "  I think his potential was limitless . "	Danny Lewin was a math genius who co-founded Akamai Technologies Lewin 's innovative algorithms allowed the Web to run faster , more efficiently Lewin may have been first person to die in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks He was likely stabbed to death on the first plane that struck the World Trade Center
CNN  -- The simmering warfare and political instability in Iraq are probably far from over , and U.S. military involvement there could very well last years beyond the end of 2011 -- when all U.S. troops are scheduled to depart the war-torn nation , analysts who study Iraq say . Think-tank analysts who 've written about what 's next in Iraq after the U.S. combat mission formally ends Tuesday say economic and infrastructure conditions need to be improved . And , they envision a persistent American presence in an Iraq that remains unstable -- despite many improvements in the country 's security forces and political culture . While U.S. and Iraqi officials point out that violence there has dropped , the attacks , like the wave of coordinated strikes across Iraq last week , will continue , they say . "  The Iraq War is not over and it is not ` won , ' " wrote Anthony Cordesman , who holds the Arleigh A. Burke Chair in Strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  Iraq still faces a serious insurgency , and deep ethnic and sectarian tensions . " Analysts say a unified government is key to stability in Iraq and the failure of lawmakers to form a new government after the March 7 national elections could exacerbate violence . Manal Omar , director of Iraq programs of the U.S. Institute of Peace , said the "  primary fear " people have with the U.S. combat mission ending is that "  political parties will resort to violence to force alliances in power sharing " and "  the Iraqi citizens will pay the price . " U.S. and Iraqi officials point out that troops could remain past the end of 2011 if the Iraqi government requests a new deployment and both countries agree . Michael O'Hanlon , a Brookings Institution senior fellow who spearheads the organization 's Iraq Index , says a full removal of Americans troops by the end of next year would be a tall order . He said "  too many sectarian wounds " are "  unhealed " and there are "  unresolved " disputes -- like the territorial fight between Arabs , Kurds , and Turkomens around Kirkuk . "  Pulling all of our remaining troops out of Iraq by the end of 2011 , as presently required under a U.S.-Iraqi understanding negotiated by President  George W.  Bush and Prime Minister  Nuri al -  Maliki in late 2008 , seems too risky , " O'Hanlon wrote in an article in The National Interest . "  Our calming presence is useful , as Iraqis themselves agreed in a recent poll by a considerable margin , and there is no military or strategic need to rush for the exits . " O'Hanlon also said that any "  renegotiation " of the December 31 , 2011 date " requires a new Iraqi government -- and there is no sign of one emerging . " Noah Feldman , an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and a former senior adviser to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq , wrote a column for the Wall Journal that said "  Iraq faces a raft of difficulties if it is to become an effective , self-governing nation , and all of them point to the need for a continuing U.S. role in security and beyond . " He noted that the U.S. troop surge blocked setbacks , such as civil war , and that only the United States "  can offer a credible guarantee " that the government "  is not about to collapse . " "  This is the reason that many observers , including Ryan Crocker , former U.S. ambassador to Iraq , expect Iraq 's elected leaders to ask for troops past the planned pull-out target , " Feldman wrote . He said Iraq 's politicians have the most to lose from the pullout . "  The cost to Iraqi politicians of asking the former occupier to stick around is likely to be offset by the tremendous gains in public confidence associated with a prolonged American commitment -- especially if they ask early in their own election cycle , " Feldman said . Feldman said the situation in Iraq is similar to South Korea , where the United States left troops after the 1953 armistice for stability and security . There are nearly 30,000 U.S. troops in South Korea almost 60 years after the end of the Korean War , he said . He said the United States was in South Korea when it "  was governed by a succession of military dictators " and into the 1980s as South Korea "  blossomed into a free and functioning democracy . " "  In the coming year , the Iraqi government  once it is formed  is likely to ask the U.S. to keep some significant number of troops in the country after the pullout date of summer 2011 . If so , President Obama may well agree , because it is just about the only way to avoid a resurgence of civil war and continue Iraq 's tenuous progress toward consolidating democracy , " Feldman said . Iraq is known for its oil wealth and the U.S. Department of Energy projects oil production will expand into 2035 . But Cordesman said that despite the oil industry , Iraq 's "  economy is one of the poorest in the world in terms of real per capita income . " "  It is the second year of a budget crisis that has force it to devote most state funds to paying salaries and maintaining employment at the cost of both development and creating effective security forces , " Cordesman said . The 30 years or so of conflict in Iraq has taken its toll , Cordesman said , and "  it will be years before Iraq can overcome " their effect . "  Moreover , the bulk of a massive international aid effort has either been wasted or consumed in dealing with the insurgency , and aid is phasing down to critically low levels at a time Iraq lacks both the funds and capability to replace aid or even take transfer of many aid projects . " Rachel Schneller , a U.S. Foreign Service officer who is now a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , in an essay for Chatham House , cautions any United States withdrawal from Iraq must be responsible and added that "  getting the country electrified " would be a key stride . "  Nothing would stabilize Iraq more than reliable electricity , which would allow business growth and employment of those who might otherwise join militias to support their families , " she wrote . Cordesman said Iraq in the future can be an asset in the region . It can help limit Iran 's influence , divide Iran and Syria , give Turkey a "  key alternative to economic involvement with Iran , and "  play a key role in securing the entire Gulf . " "  The fact remains , however , that Iraq is a truly vital national security interest of the United States , and of all its friends and allies , " he said .	Political stability is important for Iraq , analysts agree There are similarities between Iraq and South Korea U.S. troops could stay beyond end of 2011
CNN  The pilots of TransAsia Airways Flight GE235 grappled with problems with both engines before the plane clipped a bridge and crashed into a river , killing dozens of people , Taiwan 's Aviation Safety Council said Friday . The two engines on the ATR 72 turboprop aircraft stopped producing power one after the other , leaving the plane flying without thrust for more than a minute , according to the agency . During the crisis in the cockpit , the pilots received a series of alerts , starting with an alarm related to one of the engines and followed by five stall warnings as the plane lost thrust . . The pilots issued a mayday alert to air traffic control , announcing an engine flameout , or power failure . They eventually managed to restart the engine , but it was too late to prevent a crash . The Aviation Safety Council said Friday it was still collecting information on the disaster , with a full analysis of Flight GE235 's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder still months away , and was n't yet able to say why the engines shut down . Thomas Wang , the council 's managing director , said investigators will look into the crew 's role , including the possibility they shut off the left engine in response to a warning about the right engine . He said the left engine could have stopped working for multiple reasons . "  Either someone reduced it or something else happened , a mechanical failure , " Wang said . "  We do n't know . " Flight GE235 crashed into the Keelung River in Taiwan 's capital , Taipei , shortly after taking off Wednesday with 58 people on board . Authorities say that so far , 35 people have been confirmed dead , 15 survived and 8 are still missing , according to Taiwan 's official news agency CNA . Two people on the ground were also hurt . Father 's hunch helped save toddler , wife The reported engine problems dovetail with the account of Huang Chin-shun , a 72-year-old survivor of the crash . "  I thought something 's wrong with the engine because I always take this flight , " Huang told CNN affiliate ETTV from his hospital bed Thursday . Stephen Fredrick , a pilot who once flew ATRs for American Airlines , told CNN this week that it looked like Flight GE235 was gliding when dashboard cameras on the ground captured the moments before it crashed into the river . Fredrick pointed to the position of the nose , slightly down , and the wings , level . He said he thought the plane may have lost power in one or both of the engines . TransAsia was involved in another deadly disaster in July . Forty-eight people died after an ATR 72 aircraft operated by the airline crashed as it was attempting to land in the Taiwanese Penghu Islands during bad weather . After Wednesday 's crash , Taiwan 's aviation authorities ordered special checks on all ATR 72s in the fleets of local carriers . And on Friday , TransAsia ordered its 71 pilots who helm ATR aircraft to take and pass written and oral exams within the next four days in order to fly again , said an airline representative , who was not named per custom . Those pilots will have to undergo flight simulator tests sometime in the future as well . CNN 's David Molko , Mitra Mobasherat and Greg Botelho , plus journalists Annie Liao and Gladys Tse contributed to this report .	A TransAsia representative : Pilots who fly ATR planes must pass tests The two engines stopped producing power , one after the other , aviation agency says Official : Engine may have shut off due to a crew member or a mechanical issue
CNN  -- The body of an "  apparent stowaway " was found in the wheel well of a U.S. Air Force plane that traveled around Africa before returning to an American base in Germany , a Pentagon spokesman said Tuesday . The deceased "  adolescent black male , possibly of African origin " turned up during a "  detailed post-flight inspection " of the C-130 at Ramstein Air Base on Sunday night , according to Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby . The body did n't affect the plane 's flight , nor was it visible during "  standard " inspections before and after flights , he said . Since taking off from Ramstein , the C-130 had stopped in Senegal , Mali , Chad , Tunisia and Italy over an eight-day stretch , said Air Force spokeswoman Erika Stecker . Where and when did the adolescent male get on the plane ? Authorities stated Tuesday that they do n't know -- though the fact that the aircraft stopped in parts of Africa now dealing with a deadly Ebola outbreak raises cause for concern . The World Health Organization had confirmed more than 800 Ebola cases in West Africa , which includes Senegal and Mali , as of July 23 , but suspects there have been many unreported infections and there may be more like 1,200 cases . Kirby said that lab tests of samples taken from the apparent stowaway 's body came back negative "  for communicable diseases . " "  The cause of death , as well as the other circumstances surrounding this incident , remains under investigation , " said the Pentagon spokesman . The C-130 was "  supporting Africa Command operations " during its various stops , Kirby said . In April : Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security Man 's body found in landing-gear wheel well of plane at Dulles airport CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokeswoman : The Air Force plane made 5 stops over an 8-day stretch NEW : That includes going to West Africa , which is in the midst of an Ebola outbreak An adolescent male is found in the wheel well of a C-130 after it landed in Germany Tests indicate the young male did n't have communicable diseases
CNN  -- Football icon David Beckham has told CNN that he believes the momentum is behind England as they battle to win the right to stage the 2018 World Cup when the decision is made in Zurich on Thursday . Beckham , who has played in three World Cups , joined by forces with British prime minister David Cameron and Prince Willliam in a last-minute lobbying offensive of FIFA executive members . England 's bid was believed to have been adversely affected by allegations of corruption made against FIFA officials by British media organizations , but the former Manchester United star believes that has been neutralized . "  I think when we arrived yesterday  Tuesday  obviously people were talking about the negative side about what had been said and how the members would be ; but I think that 's totally turned now , " he told CNN . "  Us being here , us sitting down with the delegates , us explaining why we want this World Cup in our country , I think has made us and our bid gain momentum that we need . " Blog : Which countries will win the right to host World Cups ? Beckham was a driving force behind London 's successful bid for the 2012 Olympics and hopes to work his magic again in his chosen sport . "  I think everybody knows how passionate I am about our country and about playing for my country , but to be able to bring the World Cup to England , it gives me goosebumps just thinking about it . " Beckham , who is now playing for Los Angeles Galaxy in the MLS , believes England deserve to host their first World Cup since 1966 on the strength of their technical bid . "  Facilities speak for themselves -- you know the training grounds that we have , the medical facilities that we have the hotels around England that we have . "  But to have the stadiums that we have around our country they do n't get much better than that throughout the world , " he added . Whether Beckham can achieve his dream of taking his three sons to watch World Cup matches in England in 2018 will rest on the decision of 22 members of the FIFA executive committee . They must decide between early frontrunners England , Russia , Spain and Portugal and Belgium and the Netherlands .	David Beckham gives upbeat assessment of England 's 2018 World Cup chances Beckham tells CNN that momentum is behind their bid ahead of Thursday 's vote Beckham helped London win the 2012 Summer Olympics
CNN  -- More than 60 years after reneging on a promise to the hundreds of thousands of Filipinos who fought for the United States during World War II , the U.S. government will soon be sending out checks -- to the few who are still alive . Veteran Franco Arcebal says , "  we are loyal to the United States , except that the United States has forgotten us . " "  For a poor man like me , $ 15,000 is a lot of money , " said 91-year-old Celestino Almeda . Still , he said , "  After what we have suffered , what we have contributed for the sake of democracy , it 's peanuts . It 's a drop in the bucket . " During the war , the Philippines was a U.S. commonwealth . The U.S. military promised full veterans benefits to Filipinos who volunteered to fight . More than 250,000 joined . Then , in 1946 , President Truman signed the Rescission Act , taking that promise away . Today , only about about 15,000 of those troops are still alive , according to the American Coalition for Filipino Veterans . A provision tucked inside the stimulus bill that President Obama signed calls for releasing $ 198 million that was appropriated last year for those veterans . Those who have become U.S. citizens get $ 15,000 each ; non-citizens get $ 9,000 . "  I 'm very thankful , " said Patrick Ganio , 88 , the coalition 's president . "  We Filipinos are a grateful people . " Ganio was among the tens of thousands of Filipinos at the infamous battle of Bataan , a peninsula on Manila Bay opposite the Philippine capital . He was captured and beaten by Japanese troops before ultimately being freed , suffering from malaria and then resuming his service to the U.S. military . "  The record of the Philippine soldiers for bravery and loyalty is second to none , " Truman wrote to the leaders of the House and Senate in 1946 . "  Their assignment was as bloody and difficult as any in which our American soldiers engaged . Under desperate circumstances they acquitted themselves nobly . " Though Truman said the Rescission Act resulted in "  discrimination , " he signed it . "  There can be no question but that the Philippine veteran is entitled to benefits bearing a reasonable relation to those received by the America veteran , with whom he fought side by side , " he said . "  From a practical point of view , however , it must be acknowledged that certain benefits granted by the GI bill of rights can not be applied in the case of the Philippine veteran . " Some historians say financial concerns were paramount : The cost of funding full veterans benefits to all those Filipinos , particularly in the wake of the costly war , would have been a heavy burden . The National Alliance for Filipino Veterans Equity offers a different explanation . "  In 1946 , discrimination against people of color was the rule of law , " the group says in a document it submitted to the Obama-Biden transition team in November . "  The second-class treatment of Filipino World War II veterans is another example from this historical period . " For decades , Filipino activists and their supporters have fought for the full benefits . They 've petitioned and picketed . Almeda , a widower who now lives in Virginia with his daughter , once chained himself to the fence outside the White House . "  I was fined $ 50 for civil disobedience and was arrested , " he says now , chuckling . He says he was just looking for answers . Despite encouraging words from U.S. presidents , including George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , the benefits were never restored . "  Only 70,000 Philippine veterans remain alive , and they hope to stay alive long enough to see those benefits reinstated , " CNN reported in 1997 . "  There 's a bill , stuck in committee in Congress , that would do just that . " That effort , just like so many before , fell apart . "  We were loyal to the United States . Even up to now , we are loyal to the United States , except that the United States has forgotten us in many ways , " said Franco Arcebal , another leader of the American Coalition for Filipino Veterans . "  It 's only now , because of the insistence of Sen. -LSB- Daniel -RSB- Inouye in the Senate , he was able to act on this . " Inouye , D-Hawaii , inserted the language in the stimulus bill , calling it "  a matter of honor . " The honor comes too late for the many Filipino veterans who passed away waiting for this moment . Families of deceased veterans are not eligible to receive the money . For those who are alive , the checks could make a real difference . "  Practically all of us are below the poverty line now at this age . We have no way of earning a living , " Arcebal said . But , he emphasized , "  it does not correct the injustice and discrimination done to us 60 years ago . ... We were not granted school benefits . We were not granted hospital benefits . ... And in the 60 years , several billion dollars were saved by the U.S. government for not paying 250,000 of us . "  Now we are only 15,000 . And the amount that they 're giving us is a small amount . But we appreciate that . Because it will finally recognize our services ... as active service in the armed forces of the United States . " CNN 's Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	Filipinos were promised full military benefits to enlist President Truman later signed act reneging on promise Only about 15,000 of the troops are still alive U.S. citizens will get $ 15,000 ; non-citizens will get $ 9,000
Parenting  -- Dear Mr. Principal , My son , Aden , started seventh grade today . He 's the one who often sits in his guidance counselor 's office because he 's too nervous to go to class . Remember , the kid who got two days of suspension because he broke your "  personal space " rule by touching another boy 's necklace he thought was cool ? I want a fresh start this year , so it 's time you heard who Aden is . His trouble with school started early . He cried every day in kindergarten until nearly Thanksgiving . His teacher , on her last year after 36 with the district , put him at a desk alone , facing the corner . To keep us from figuring this out , she moved his desk back on open school night and parent-teacher conferences  during which she lamented his high-energy and "  incorrigible " attitude  . We found out in May , when my husband walked into the room unexpectedly with a forgotten snack . Parenting : 8 times your doctor wants you to call The diagnosis of ADHD came as third grade started . We gave him the meds , which his teacher appreciated . Still , homework was a battle . The teacher sent us notes , full of obvious tips she must have thought we were too incompetent to have considered , like setting up a homework spot and providing a snack . These rubber-stamp homework success tips did nothing to address the elephant in the room : the fact that a kid who reads at a level several grades below the one he 's in is not going to be able to do , say , the social studies homework which involves reading a textbook . Soon the medication 's effects wore off . And the thing was , it was too late for any pill to make him love to learn anyway . The next three years proceeded in the same way : We spent the first half of the year being scared by threats of his being left back , predictions of his never graduating high school if he did n't read more , even becoming a "  troubled teen . " Then with spring came the state tests , which he passed , literally , by a point or two . I was mystified , considering that he flunked nearly every in-class test . I asked how this was possible , and never got a straight answer . We pleaded for him to go to summer school , and the answer was always "  He 's fine ! Summer school is only for the kids who do n't pass the tests . See you next year . " Parenting : Top iPhone apps for kids So we paid a tutor each summer . We knew she could n't work a miracle , but her unspoken role was to praise his efforts , something few adults did . We gladly paid her for that . As his academic abilities floundered , though , his athletic abilities grew ; he was an all-star basketball player every year , MVP twice . At practices , the other moms would drop their sons off . I stayed for the hour and a half , all alone , watching . Do you have kids , Mr. Principal ? For a couple of hours a week , he was n't a problem . He was a star . Basketball saved him ... and me . On July 4 , 2010 , we were watching fireworks when his head started twitching . Then his arm started jerking . The tics got worse and as the first day of fifth grade approached , he started grunting , chirping , and meowing . Tourette syndrome was diagnosed . The kids that year , having known him all through elementary school , were pretty tolerant . At the end of fifth grade , I was finally able to convince the special education committee that a child who has never been able to read a single grade-level summer reading book is not "  fine . " He was put into an inclusion class as he moved into your school . Parenting : 5 secrets for a longer life The kids in junior high , though , were n't as kind as the ones in elementary school . He was bullied on the bus , called a freak . With all due respect , your "  zero tolerance anti-bullying policy " is crap . A kid got off the bus at Aden 's stop , and then attempted to strangle him . He got two days suspension , after which he commenced taunting my son as if nothing had happened . Ironically , that was the same punishment Aden got earlier in the year for admiring that shark tooth necklace a little too closely . And then , with your "  classes come first " policy , Aden could n't play basketball anymore . As you know , no extracurricular activities if a kid is in danger of failing any subject . No exceptions , even for special-ed students . I lost my all-star point guard , and Aden lost the one thing that made him feel good about himself . Maybe if he had been allowed some extracurriculars , he might have perceived school to be more fun , and tried a little harder . Just a thought . Now you know the story of Number 49 on your special education roster : He looks like any other 12-year old boy : gawky , a little bedraggled , yet usually smiling , with braces . But he had a rough start and never fully recovered . He often says "  I 'm stupid , " or "  Everyone hates me , " and sometimes , "  I do n't care anymore . " Parenting : Could you be pregnant ? In summer school last month , he got a 70 . A pleasure to have in class , they said . So there is hope . He 's not the norm in your school , but he 's one of yours , still . Please make room for him , and kids like him , in your policies and your attitude . And if he 's still in danger of failing something come October ... can you bend your rule for basketball ? If we work together , we can prove that elementary-school teacher who saw him as a future troubled teen wrong . But time grows short . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	A mother 's frustration with her son 's experience with school policies comes to a tipping point Aden , who has ADHD and Tourette 's syndrome , does n't read at grade level but is an athlete Summer tutors provided Aden the positive reinforcement missing in the classroom
CNN  -- Physician-assisted suicide is legal in four U.S. states and in one county of a fifth state . It is an option given to individuals by state law in Oregon , Vermont , and Washington . Individuals must have a terminal illness as well as a prognosis of six months or less to live . Physicians can not be prosecuted for prescribing medications to hasten death . Similar Montana and New Mexico court rulings are based on judicial decision and do not mention a time line . Mandated by State Law : Oregon Vermont Washington Mandated by Court Ruling : Montana New Mexico - Bernalillo County only Other Facts : The specific method in each state varies , but mainly involves a prescription from a licensed physician approved by the state in which the patient is a resident . Physician-assisted suicide differs from euthanasia , which is defined as the act of assisting people with their death in order to end their suffering , but without the backing of a controlling legal authority . In Oregon , "  the physician must be a Doctor of Medicine  M.D.  or Doctor of Osteopathy  D.O.  licensed to practice medicine by the Board of Medical Examiners for the State of Oregon . The physician must also be willing to participate in the Act . " In Vermont , "  only a doctor of medicine or osteopathy licensed to practice medicine in Washington may write this prescription ... A physician , nurse , pharmacist , or other person shall not be under any duty , by law or contract , to participate in the provision of a lethal dose of medication to a patient . " In Washington , "  only a doctor of medicine or osteopathy licensed to practice medicine in Washington may write this prescription ... participation is entirely voluntary . Health care providers are not required to provide prescriptions or medications to qualified patients . " Statistics : The process of reporting applications and deaths also varies by state . Only those states where physician-assisted suicide is mandated by law have a reporting process . Oregon has had a physician-assisted suicide law on the books since 1997 , and has shown a steady increase in both prescription recipients and the number of deaths . At its height , in the year 2012 , 85 deaths from physician-assisted suicide were reported . According to the 2013 annual report , since 1997 , prescriptions have been written for 1,173 people and there have been 752 reported deaths . Washington - According to the 2013 annual report , since 2009 prescriptions have been written for 549 people and there have been 525 reported deaths . Vermont - Since May 2013 , physician reporting forms have been completed for two people , according to the Department of Health . Timeline : June 1997 - The U.S. Supreme Court rules that state laws banning physician-assisted suicide do not violate the Constitution in the case Washington v. Glucksberg . The court left the matter of the constitutionality of a right to a physician 's aid in dying to the states . October 27 , 1997 - Oregon 's Death with Dignity Act becomes law . Passed in a 1994 election with 51 % of voters in favor , the law was delayed initially because U.S. District Judge Michael Hogan issued an injunction and then ruled it unconstitutional . The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the ruling and the injunction was lifted when the U.S. Supreme Court referred the matter back to the state in 1997 . November 1998 - American pathologist and assisted suicide advocate , Jack Kevorkian , known as "  Dr. Death , " videotapes the death of Thomas Youk , submits it to CBS 's 60 Minutes , and it is broadcast on television . The airing prompts murder charges against Kevorkian , rather than assisted suicide charges , because Kevorkian injected the drug into Youk , who had Lou Gehrig 's disease . March 26 , 1999 - Kevorkian is convicted of second degree murder and delivery of a controlled substance . He serves eight years of a 10 to 25 year sentence . November 4 , 2008 - Washington 's initiative , the Death with Dignity Act , is passed with 57.91 % of voters in favor . March 5 , 2009 - The Washington Death with Dignity Act goes into effect . December 31 , 2009 - A Montana Supreme Court ruling in the case Baxter v. Montana asserts that the Rights of the Terminally Ill Act protects a physician who prescribes aid from liability . November 2012 - In Massachusetts , a death with dignity initiative appears on the November 2012 ballot . It is defeated by a slim margin with 51 % voting against it . May 20 , 2013 - Vermont signs the Patient Choice and Control at End of Life Act into law . January 13 , 2014 - New Mexico Second Judicial District Judge Nan Nash rules in favor of an individual 's right to die in the case Morris v. Brandenberg . In appeal by the Office of the New Mexico Attorney General , the case is assigned to the New Mexico Court of Appeals/Supreme Court . The ruling remains in effect but only for Bernalillo County , according to the attorney general 's office . November 1 , 2014 - Brittany Maynard , a 29 year-old with terminal brain cancer , ends her life under Oregon 's "  Death with Dignity Act . " She had moved to Oregon following her January 1 , 2014 prognosis , in order to take advantage of the Death with Dignity law . There is no such law in her native California . She garnered a large following advocating for physician-assisted suicide laws via social media .	Legal in Montana , Oregon , Vermont , Washington and Bernalillo County in New Mexico . The process of reporting applications and deaths varies by state . The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that state laws banning physician-assisted suicide do not violate the Constitution .
London , England  CNN  -- Roger Federer enjoyed a comfortable 6-1 6-4 victory over David Ferrer to join Andy Murray at the top of Group B at the ATP World Tour Finals at London 's O2 Arena on Sunday evening . The four-time winner of the season finale had never lost to the Spaniard in 10 previous meetings and it became clear from the start that an upset was unlikely . The 29-year-old Swiss broke the seventh seed twice to open up a 4-0 lead in the opening set , before Ferrer hit back with a break of his own . But normal service was resumed in the sixth game , despite the Spaniard 's best efforts as Federer broke his serve again and then served out the set . The second set was less one sided , with Federer taking five games to secure a break of serve , but the result was the same . Serving for the match at 5-4 , the number two seed experienced an uncharacteristic lapse in concentration , handing his opponent three break points . But , as so often with Federer , he immediately regained his composure to save all three and then promptly served an ace to wrap up the match . ATP World Tour Finals preview Earlier in the day , Andy Murray made the perfect start to his campaign defeating Robin Soderling in straight sets 6-2 6-4 . The 23-year-old Scot swept the Swede aside in just one hour and 20 minutes . Murray , who had n't beaten Soderling since 2006 , found the new world number four in curiously sedate mood . Soderling , who won his first Masters title in Paris last weekend , never managed to get going and was comprehensively outplayed . In front of a partisan crowd at the 17,500 capacity arena Murray quickly found his rhythm breaking Soderling in the third and seventh games to establish a 5-2 lead . He made no mistake on his next service game and duly served out the first set in 29 minutes . The second set was closer and Soderling , a semi-finalist here last year , earned himself an opportunity to break in the sixth game , but Murray held his nerve serving an ace . To compound his frustration , Soderling then concluded a messy service game with a double fault , handing Murray a crucial advantage which he never looked like surrendering . The world number five duly served out the match to record his 45th victory of the season . In the opening Group A doubles matches , defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan opened with a 6-3 7-5 win over Jurgen Melzer and Philipp Petzschner . Sixth seeds Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski overcame third seeds Lukas Dlouhy and Leander Paes 6-3 7-6 .	Roger Federer enjoys comfortable opening 6-1 6-4 victory over Spain 's David Ferrer Andy Murray sees off Robin Soderling in straight sets in opening match at ATP finals Soderling struggled to find the form which saw him rise above Murray in world rankings Bryan brothers win first Group A doubles match
Recovery of the bodies of the four U.S. Air Force personnel who died Tuesday evening when their military helicopter crashed near Cley , on the North Sea coast of England , could take more than a day , an official said . "  You would be very much mistaken if you thought that this would be a quick process , " Norfolk Constabulary Chief Superintendent Bob Scully told reporters . "  A lot hinges on our ability to understand what happened to the aircraft that crashed , and that includes the detailed investigation that needs to be done . " The U.S. Air Force Pave Hawk HH-60G helicopter , from a British base in Lakenheath , crashed in a nature preserve . The Royal Air Force base said the crash occurred during an evening training mission while the helicopter was flying low . Cley is 180 kilometers  about 110 miles  northeast of London . Removal of the dead from the aircraft "  can disrupt the evidence and so it has to be done methodically , step by step ... possibly until tomorrow , " Scully said . Specialists from the Royal Air Force , the U.S. Air Force and investigators from the Norfolk Constabulary were working together to find out what happened , he said . Scully said he did not know whether families of the dead had been notified . Though ammunition scattered across the site during the crash , "  the community do not need to be concerned " as long as they respect the cordon erected around the site , he said . Roads near the site have been closed and will probably remain that way until Monday , he said . According to the Air Force website , a Pave Hawk is a "  highly modified " version of a Black Hawk helicopter that often carries a crew of two pilots , one flight engineer and one gunner . Death toll in Scottish helicopter crash rises 3 killed in medical helicopter crash in Tennessee Copter crashes during Antarctica science mission	An investigation is expected to take several days , police say The helicopter was on a low-level training mission when it crashed The Pave Hawk is a modified version of a Black Hawk
CNN  -- It could prove to be a pivotal moment in the Italian Serie A title race -- Juventus escaped with a 1-1 draw at AC Milan on Saturday after Sulley Muntari 's first-half goal was controversially disallowed despite clearly crossing the line . With champions and league leaders Milan leading 1-0 at the time , Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon desperately clawed back the Ghana midfielder 's header from a corner -- and the referee waved play on to the dismay of the home players and their fans . "  That incident that certainly falsified the result . Either the line was drawn wrong and was a bit too big , " Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters . "  There is no need to see the replays . It was pretty obvious from all around the stadium . " The visitors also had a goal disallowed in the second half as Alessandro Matri was deemed to be offside in a very marginal decision , but the substitute leveled in the 83rd minute with his 10th goal this season to maintain Juve 's unbeaten record after 24 matches . Antonio Conte 's team were reduced to 10 men five minutes later when Arturo Vidal was sent off for a cynical foul on Mark van Bommel , but held on to stay one point behind Milan with a game in hand . The Rossoneri had taken the lead after 14 minutes when Antonio Nocerino fired in a deflected shot against his former club , whose defender Leonardo Bonucci gave the ball away to Robinho with a careless pass . January loan signing Muntari thought he had added to midfielder Nocerino 's eighth league goal this season , but the linesman did not flag for the goal despite replays showing the ball went well over the Juve line before Buffon intervened . Third-placed Udinese and Lazio both trail Juve by eight points , but can cut the deficit on Sunday with victories against Bologna and Fiorentina respectively . In Saturday 's other match , mid-table Genoa snatched a 2-2 draw against Parma thanks to two late goals from striker Rodrigo Palacio . The Argentine striker followed up his saved penalty to pull one back in the 78th minute , then took his tally to 14 for this season deep into time added on . Parma led in the sixth minute through defender Massimo Gobbi , then striker Sergio Floccari made it 2-0 eight minutes after the break against his former team . In Spain , Levante moved up into the fourth and last Champions League qualification place after snatching a 2-1 win at European rivals Espanyol in Saturday 's late match . Substitute Ruben Suarez smashed in a freekick off the defensive wall in the 89th minute to seal the points after it had looked like the Barcelona-based hosts had earned a draw thanks to a 75th-minute header from Nigeria striker Kala Uche , who came on as a substitute . It was Valencia-based Levante 's first win in nine La Liga matches . Malaga had temporaily taken fourth after thrashing bottom club Real Zaragoza 5-1 , but ended the day in fifth -- one point above Espanyol . Racing Santander and Sporting Gijon remained in the bottom three after sharing the points in a 1-1 draw , while Real Betis and Getafe had the same result in a mid-table clash . Spain 's top three teams -- leaders Real Madrid , champions Barcelona and third-placed Valencia -- will play on Sunday .	Juventus remain the only unbeaten team in Italy after 1-1 draw at AC Milan on Saturday Champions Milan led 1-0 before having a Sulley Muntari goal controversially disallowed Result left 10-man Juve one point behind leaders Milan with a game in hand
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- President Raúl Castro has moved quickly since taking the reins of power from his ailing brother , Fidel , last year to boost food production by putting more land into the hands of profit-earning farmers . Government officials hope that , with more land into production , the nation would need to import less food . Just east of the capital , Jose Luis Silva grows cabbage , corn and plantains on a small plot , one that he would like to see expanded . "  I 'd work it , and I 'd work it well , " he said . "  It would solve their problem , and it would solve mine . " When he says "  their problem , " he is referring to Cuba 's disastrous state-run agriculture industry . Cuba imports about 80 percent of the food it rations to the public . Additionally , state-run television reports that half of the country 's state-owned land is either unused or underused . A thorny bush called marabu fills many of the unused fields and has become a symbol for the failure of agriculture . Last year , Raúl Castro himself bitterly joked about how much of it he could see along the highway . Now , changes are under way . Farmers can buy tools like machetes , hoes and metal sharpeners rather than requesting them through a long , bureaucratic process . The president of Cuba 's Small Farmers ' Association says a more important change is occurring : The Communist government has begun to allow for-profit farmers to work large amounts of land . Watch changes in the way Cuba runs farms " Phil Peters , a public policy analyst for the Lexington Institute , a nonpartisan public policy think tank based in Arlington , Virginia , says that change represents an admission that past policies have failed . "  When Raúl Castro gave his first major speech to the Cuban people last July , he ridiculed the bureaucracy that shackles the agriculture sector , " he said . "  And he ridiculed the lack of productivity , and he did n't mince many words . So , yeah , they are admitting that large parts of the agriculture sector are n't working and they 've got to shake it up . " Farmers like Silva just hope these changes will mean a chance to earn a better living . But the government 's recognition that those working for profit are the most productive could mean other reforms are on the way . E-mail to a friend	Cuba imports 80 percent of its food ; officials hope to lower that number Half of state-owned land is unused or underused , state television reports Farmers can now buy implements and work more land for profit
CNN  -- A fired United Airlines flight attendant plans to admit in court that he made eight bomb threats against his former airline . Patrick Cau , 40 , a German citizen living in Los Angeles , was arrested in January while training for a flight attendant job at another airline -- American . Although the threats received widespread attention at the time , news of his arrest and the charges are just coming to light now . In a plea agreement with federal prosecutors , Cau admitted to making eight bomb threats between Oct. 4 , 2012 , and January 2 , 2013 , from pay phones in Los Angeles , New York City , Las Vegas and Seattle . In each case , the caller claimed explosives had been placed on United flights . The threats disrupted law enforcement and inconvenienced passengers , according to the court filing . Each time , officials evacuated planes , re-screened passengers and searched bags and cargo , but did not find explosives . Cau 's attorneys , John Duran and Craig Charles , said he worked at United for 15 years as a purser , or flight attendant supervisor . Cau filed a sexual harassment complaint against a male supervisor and was dissatisfied with how the carrier handled it , Duran said . After lodging the complaint , the airline fired Cau for an incident involving a passenger , Duran said . But Cau believed the firing was retaliation for his complaint . Duran and Charles declined to say how authorities came to believe Cau was responsible for the bomb threats or when the investigation began , but said authorities have a circumstantial case . They confirmed that many of the threats involved Cau 's old London to Los Angeles route . He has agreed to plead guilty to one count relating to false information and hoaxes next Monday , according to the agreement filed in Los Angeles . The charge carries up to five years in jail . Duran said Cau had no previous criminal record , so American would have had no reason not to hire him when he applied for a flight attendant job . But when American conducted a records check before a training flight , it discovered Cau was on a no-fly list , Charles said . The FBI arrested him at an American training center . Both airlines confirmed they once employed Cau but declined further comment . Charles described Cau 's legal situation as "  delicate , " acknowledging that he had signed a plea agreement , but saying "  as of today  he had  not officially admitted in open court to any of the allegations . "	Man allegedly called in eight threats to flights by former employer United Airlines , court document says Patrick Cau was arrested in January while training for job with American Airlines 40-year-old Los Angeles resident had been previously fired by United Lawyers say he was angry over what he believed was a "  retaliatory " firing stemming from a dispute
CNN  -- The United States , along with the United Kingdom and Canada , is refusing to sign a United Nations treaty on telecommunications and the Internet that has been under negotiation for the past two weeks . Terry Kramer , the U.S. Ambassador to the World Conference on International Telecommunications , said Thursday that "  the U.S. can not sign the -LSB- treaty -RSB- in -LSB- its -RSB- current form . " "  We candidly can not support an ITU treaty that is inconsistent with a multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance , " said Kramer during a conference session . "  As the ITU has stated , this conference was never meant to focus on Internet issues . However , today we are in a situation where we still have text and resolutions that cover issues on spam and also provisions on Internet governance . " "  Internet policy should not be determined by member states but by citizens , communities , and broader society , and such consultation from the private sector and civil society is paramount , " he continued . "  This has not happened here . " The U.S. decision to withdraw comes following a surprise move late Wednesday in which the chair of the conference called a voice vote on controversial proposal that encourages governments to help expand global Internet access . It was approved in a controversial manner that left some participants confused and upset . Additionally , many countries -- the U.S. included -- are opposed to including in the treaty any language about the Internet at all . Dr. Hamadoun I. TourÃ © , chair of the conference , released a statement arguing the agreed-upon treaty does not include Internet provisions . Instead , he said the controversial proposal voted upon Wednesday is found in a non-binding annexed resolution to the treaty . "  The conference did NOT -LSB- sic -RSB- include provisions on the Internet in the treaty text , " said TourÃ © . "  Annexed to the treaty is a non-binding Resolution which aims at fostering the development and growth of the Internet . " Kramer had initially indicated the U.S. would remain engaged in negotiations after Wednesday 's diplomatic ruckus . He also denied rumors the U.S. would be leaving the conference earlier this week . Later on Thursday , several other countries indicated they agreed the conference is the wrong forum to discuss Internet issues . Called the World Conference on International Telecommunications , or WCIT , the conference was intended to update a treaty governing international telecommunications that has n't been refreshed since 1988 . Since the conference began , the American delegation has argued that Internet governance issues are outside the scope of the conference . Other countries , including Russia and China , disagreed , submitting proposals intended to help governments fight cyberattacks and spam . The Americans -- and many open Internet advocates -- warned those proposals would be used to censor Internet users and would open the door to further disruptions to the open web . SEE ALSO : Unexpected controversy erupts at UN Internet conference The U.S. also argued in favor of governments taking a hands-off approach to the Internet . "  The Internet has given the world unimaginable economic and social benefit during these past 24 years , " said Kramer . "  All without U.N. regulation . " © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	U.S. , other countries refuse to sign United Nations treaty on telecommunications and Internet Ambassador : "  Internet policy should not be determined by member states but by citizens ... " UN is hosting global communications conference in Dubai American delegation argues Internet governance issues are outside conference 's scope
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Another child has died from last week 's fire at a day care center in northwestern Mexico , bringing the death toll to 45 , the state-run Notimex news agency said . A crib and baby seats sit outside the scene of a deadly day care center fire in Mexico . The child died Friday in a hospital in the city of Guadalajara , Notimex said . The news agency did not provide any additional information . A fire raged through the ABC day care center on June 5 in the city of Hermosillo in Sonora state . Officials said an air-conditioning unit in a government-run warehouse in the same building as the day care center caused the blaze . In another development Friday , three officials from the Mexican Institute of Social Security were fired , Notimex reported . The social security institute oversaw the ABC day care facility . Earlier , the Institute of Social Security removed its Sonora director , Arturo Leyva Lizarraga . Leyva Lizarraga was "  separated " from the agency Wednesday to "  facilitate the investigative process , " according to Notimex . The same wording was used in announcing Friday 's firings . Earlier in the week , two other people who ran the center resigned from the government jobs they held . Also Friday , Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said officials had found safety irregularities at the day care center in 2005 , Notimex said . He declined to detail those irregularities but said authorities are investigating if anything was done about them . Any negligent officials will be punished once the investigation is completed , Medina said .	NEW : Three officials from supervisory agency dismissed Death toll in Mexico day care center fire rises to 45 , officials say Fire tore through building in Sonora state on June 5 Fire started in air-conditioning unit in adjacent warehouse , officials say
CNN  -- A teenager charged with the fatal beating last week of a Chicago man had a video of the attack on his cell phone when arrested Saturday , a video he also posted on his Facebook page , prosecutors said Monday . Malik Jones , 16 , allegedly was playing a game called "  pick 'em out and knock 'em out " when he punched Delfino Mora , 62 , in his jaw , sending Mora to the ground , where the back of his head was cracked by concrete , a Cook County , Illinois , prosecutor told a judge during a hearing Monday . Nicholas Ayala , 17 , and Anthony Malcolm , 18 , used Jones ' cell phone camera to record the attack , picking up the "  loud crack of his head hitting the cement , " prosecutor 's spokeswoman Tandra Simonton said . Four arrested after Indian woman 's assault captured on video All three teens were ordered held without bail until their next court date August 3 , Simonton said . All three were being charged as adults with first-degree murder , prosecutors said . Mora , the father of 12 , was collecting aluminum cans and scrap metal to sell in an alley near his north Chicago home when Jones chose him as his victim , she said . "  I think I 'm going to knock this guy out , " Jones is heard saying on the video . All three teens left the alley laughing , leaving the bleeding Mora on the ground , Simonton said . Jones and Ayala returned a few minutes later to take $ 60 from his wallet , she said . A 64-year-old man was allegedly robbed by the teens of $ 1 a few minutes later , prosecutors said . Mora died in St. Francis Hospital the next day from cranial-cerebral injury , blunt head trauma and asthma , according to the Cook County medical examiner . Connecticut woman arrested in group home assault caught on video Jones posted the beating video on his Facebook page , and it was seen there by someone who said Jones also attacked him on June 30 , Simonton said . That man showed it to Mora 's youngest son , Emmanuel , who is a friend of his , and that led police to Jones on Saturday , she said . "  I want revenge , but my mom told us not to do anything , " Emmanuel Mora , 20 , told CNN affiliate WGN . "  God would take care of him and he 's going to pay twice . " His older brother , Valentin Mora , told CNN Monday that Emmanuel is too traumatized by seeing the beating video to talk about it . Mora often walked the streets of his neighborhood , his son said . "  He do n't like to stay home , " Valentin Mora said . "  He wants to bring in extra money . Social Security is not enough . " The family is trying to raise money to pay for the return of Mora 's body to his hometown in Mexico for burial . An account for donations was created at Chase Bank in Chicago , his son said . Police ID biker who posted video of 186-mph ride	Three teens ordered held without bond in connection with Illinois beating Delfino Mora , 62 , died from blunt head trauma , the Cook County medical examiner says "  I want revenge , but my mom told us not to do anything , " the dead man 's son says The family needs money to return the man 's body to his hometown in Mexico for burial
CNN  -- The captain and chief officer of a Chinese-registered ship that ran aground on the Great Barrier Reef will appear in an Australian court Thursday , charged with damaging the reef . The Shen Neng 1 veered more than 27 kilometers  17 miles  off course and ended up on a shoal in the Reef on April 3 , prompting concerns of an oil spill near the world 's largest coral reef system . On Wednesday , the Australian Federal Police announced that they have arrested the 47-year-old Chinese master of the vessel and the 44-year-old chief officer . The captain was charged with liability for the vessel . He faces a maximum fine of A$ 55,000  U.S. $ 50,852  . The chief officer is accused of being on watch when the ship caused the damage . He faces up to three years in prison and a fine of A$ 220,000  U.S. $ 203,411  . Authorities did not disclose the name of either man . The ship was carrying about 65,000 tons of coal to China from the Australian port of Gladstone when it ran aground on the shoal -- a combination of shell and sand -- near the southernmost point of the Great Barrier Reef , just north of Great Keppel Island . About 950 tons of oil were on board . A small oil slick caused by the ship 's grounding did not threaten the Great Barrier Reef after crews sprayed dispersants on it and surface netting helped to contain it . Officials said the ship 's captain had a 10-mile-wide channel to navigate through in an area where pilots are n't needed -- a relatively wide open section of sea , 70 kilometers  43 miles  off shore and away from the larger mass of coral most people associate with the Great Barrier Reef . "  He got 15 nautical miles  17.3 miles  off course , which is just outrageous , " Adam Nicholson , a spokesman for Maritime Safety Queensland , said at the time . Nicholson likened it to a car veering off a 2-mile wide road . "  We have thousands of boats moving in that same space every year and nothing has ever happened like this , " he said . The Great Barrier Reef is made up of roughly 3,000 individual reefs and 900 islands spanning over 2,600 km  1,600 miles  off the coast of Queensland in the Coral Sea .	Chinese ship officers to appear in court after veering onto Great Barrier Reef Ship was over 17 miles off course when it ended up in Reef area Ship 's chief officer faces maxiumum 3-year jail term
CNN  -- Churches in the Malaysian states of Sabah and Sarawak on the island of Borneo have vowed to continue to use the word "  Allah " in defiance of a Malaysian court ruling this week that ruled that the word could not be used by a Roman Catholic newspaper to refer to the Christian God . Christians in Malaysia use the term interchangeably to refer to the Christian and Muslim God , but now a Christian newspaper published in the capital Kuala Lumpur has been told to stop doing so . The Archbishop of the Anglican Church in South East Asia Datuk Bolly Lapok described the decision as "  excessive , utterly irresponsible and grossly demeaning , to say the least . "  In the meantime , Christians in Sabah and Sarawak continue to reverently worship their Allah until the Kingdom comes , " Rev. Lapok said in a statement reported in Malaysian media . "  What are you going to do about it ? " He said in an earlier statement the decision struck at the constitutional basis of the Malaysian Federation . The Malaysian constitution guarantees freedom of religion while making Islam the state religion . "  We find it completely unacceptable that what are common practices of the Church of Sabah and Sarawak for hundreds of years , and indeed for generations of Christians even before the very idea of Malaysia was conceived , are now proscribed by administrative orders and laws , " Rev. Lapok said . President of the Sabah Council of Churches , Datuk Thomas Tsen , said churches in the state would continue to use the word "  Allah " in their church services , publications and prayers . "  We have made a very clear stand and we will stick to it , " he said . "  We have purged our hearts and minds on whatever decision the court would make . Even if the court decides against us using the word , we will continue to use it . " The unanimous decision by three Muslim judges sitting in Malaysia 's appeals court on Monday overturns a 2009 decision from a lower court that permitted The Herald to use the word Allah . "  The usage of the word Allah is not an integral part of the faith in Christianity , " chief judge Mohamed Apandi Ali said in the court ruling . "  The usage of the world will cause confusion in the community . " The Herald editor Rev. Lawrence Andrew said he was "  disappointed and dismayed , " and would appeal against the decision . "  It is a retrograde step in the development of law in relation to the fundamental liberty of religious minorities , " he said . The decision comes amid escalating ethnic and religious tension in Malaysia following a bruising election campaign in May in which the ruling coalition -- which has been in power since federation in 1963 -- found its support among urban voters crumbling . Prime Minister Najib Razak has attempted to shore up his support among majority ethnic Muslim Malays , by toughening security laws and boosting Malaysia 's controversial policy of bumiputra -- a Malay term that literally means "  son of the soil " -- which favors the ethnic Malay majority , providing them with preference in employment , business , education and housing . While proponents say the radical affirmative action campaign -- instituted in the early 1970s in response to anti-Chinese riots in Malaysia in 1969 -- has lifted many urban Malays into the middle class , critics say that Chinese , Indian and the indigenous Orang Asli have been excluded from the political process . While problems with bumiputra were among the election issues in May , allegations of government cronyism and nepotism are now high on the list of voter concerns . Razak 's latest steps to reverse liberal reforms -- known as "  reformasi " -- has hit educated young Malaysians in their 20s and 30s who have been leaving the country to take up opportunities overseas . The brain drain is now a serious problem for the coalition government which has embarked on economic reforms , but is accused of doing little to reform the public service or education . According to Malaysia 's Population and Housing Census from 2010 , 61.3 % of Malays practice Islam , while 9.2 % are Christians .	Churches in Sabah and Sarawak have vowed to continue to use the word "  Allah " Church leaders have said they would defy a Malaysian court ruling this week Court ruled a Roman Catholic newspaper could not refer to the Christian God as "  Allah " Christians in Malaysia argue that they have used the term for centuries
A federal jury in New York on Monday found radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri guilty of charges that he aided terrorists in incidents that span the globe , from a remote Oregon ranch to the dusty desert of the Arabian Peninsula . Abu Hamza al-Masri faced 11 criminal counts for allegedly aiding kidnappers during a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen ; sending a young recruit to jihadists in Afghanistan ; violating U.S. sanctions against the Taliban ; and attempting to establish an al Qaeda-style training camp on the West Coast of the United States . The jury deliberated for more than 12 hours over two days . Al-Masri was found guilty on all counts , and showed no discernible reaction as the verdict was read . "  The defendant stands convicted , not for what he said , but for what he did , " said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , describing al-Masri as "  not just a preacher of faith , but a trainer of terrorists . "  Once again our civilian system of justice has proven itself up to the task of trying an accused terrorist and arriving at a fair and just and swift result . " The high-profile London mosque leader gained notoriety for the metal hook he 's sometimes depicted wearing in place of one of his missing hands , but he sported only an occasional writing prosthesis in the Manhattan courtroom . Contrary to stories that he lost the limbs in battle , al-Masri testified , his maiming was the result of an engineering accident . The government 's three-week case against al-Masri was an effort to connect the dots between the defendant and events thousands of miles away , through key witnesses who often had never met the cleric themselves and testified in exchange for leniency or protection . A trial highlight was al-Masri taking the stand in his own defense and accusing federal prosecutors of using "  pay-as-you-go witnesses " and a "  cut-and-paste " approach to take inflammatory comments out context , including statements about his admiration for late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  The deliberations confirmed our fears they would focus on words and ideas rather than the evidence , " said defense attorney Jeremy Schneider , after the verdict was announced . The speed of deliberations , he said , make it clear jurors "  walked in with a foregone conclusion . " Defendant claims he was a ` mouthpiece ' During his four days of testimony , al-Masri described bin Laden as a dangerous hothead in charge of an unfocused organization that has betrayed the Afghan people . As for the Taliban regime , it does n't need his money ; it has "  millions , " yet does n't feed its own people , he said . But in Manhattan , by invoking 9/11 and bin Laden 's name , al-Masri mused , "  You can convict a person of killing the Dead Sea . " The 56-year-old cleric denied any part in the bumbling effort to launch a jihad training camp in Oregon and said he 'd acted only as a "  mouthpiece " in the fight against the Yemeni government when the hostage drama played out . During his closing argument , Schneider warned jurors not to be distracted by the "  quantity of irrelevant evidence " the prosecution presented , including photographs of bin Laden found on computers in the defendant 's London home and snippets of his videotaped orations . Al-Masri was convicted in the United Kingdom of inciting racial hatred and soliciting murder with his fiery sermons , but the charges against him in the United States are not for hateful speech or possessing photographs or other materials . Prosecution : Al-Masri could ` work a crowd ' The prosecution played video clips of al-Masri endorsing suicide missions and saying the killing of non-believers is permissible , comparing them to cows or pigs . Prosecution exhibits also included the 10-volume "  Encyclopedia of Jihad " recovered from the al-Masri family residence , with topics ranging from bomb-making to personal hygiene in the battlefield . "  It 's a very slippery slope to use someone 's library against them , " Schneider said in his closing . The attorney conceded that his client sent money to benefit destitute widows and a secret girl 's school in a Taliban-controlled territory , prohibited under U.S. sanctions -- the final charge of the 11-count indictment against al-Masri , with a maximum penalty of five years in prison . In the closing argument for the government , Ian McGinley told jurors the tapes and photographs reveal "  the real Abu Hamza " : a screaming hatemonger -- far from the calm , tolerant , and sometimes quite funny man they 'd seen on the witness stand . "  He knows how to work a crowd , " said McGinley . Key witness has checkered past As for the quality of the government witnesses , McGinley said prosecutors did n't choose the co-conspirators , and that criminal trials involve unsavory characters . A pivotal witness for the prosecution was James Ujaama , a Seattle man who testified he conceived of the idea for the Oregon training camp and faxed a pitch letter to al-Masri . "  It looks just like Afghanistan , " the letter reads and repeatedly points out that all planned activities would be legal in the "  pro-gun , " "  pro-militia " state . Two men were sent from London by al-Masri to train recruits , said Ujaama , but the pair left after realizing his claims of eager trainees , weapons stockpiles , and efforts to build housing and a mosque were lies . Only two run-down trailers sat atop the barren ranch land , and its sole training facility was a deer-shaped target in a dry creek bed . Al-Masri claimed the men made their way to Oregon on their own , after fishing Ujaama 's fax from his trash can ; he himself considered the pitch "  a hallucination , " he testified . Ujaama also testified he agreed to escort a young recruit to an Afghani front-line commander for al-Masri , but said he actually left his young charge stranded and alone in a Pakistani hotel . Ujaama is on his second cooperation agreement with the government , having violated his first one by fleeing to Belize . He spent approximately six years in jail for his own role in the Oregon venture and testified that he continues to receive a monthly stipend from the government for living expenses . He also admitted a range of past criminal endeavors , including peddling knockoff watches and pirate CDs , and setting up an airport bathroom rendezvous to sell a computer without paying UK sales tax . Another witness against al-Masri , Saajid Badat , testified that he later saw the abandoned recruit at the infamous Al Farouq training camp -- a key point to the allegation al-Masri in fact aided terrorists in Afghanistan . A trainee himself at the time , Badat has admitted he conspired with failed shoe bomber Richard Reid on a plot to take down airliners , and , in fact , received shoe bombs from alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed . Badat backed out , he testified , after reconnecting with his parents . As part of a cooperation agreement in the United Kingdom , Badat saw his own potential sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole dwindle and ultimately served approximately six years , he said . Badat testified via teleconference from London to avoid facing pending charges in the United States . Young recruit a courtroom no-show A glaring absence on the witness stand was the young recruit himself , Uganda-born computer student Feroz Abbasi . He was apprehended in Afghanistan as part of a roundup by U.S. forces in 2002 , according to testimony . Jurors were not told Abbasi was released without charges after spending about two years at the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Now living in the United Kingdom , Abbasi declined to testify in al-Masri 's case , according to defense attorneys . The most unassailable of key prosecution witnesses was Mary Quin , who was taken hostage with her fellow travelers during a trip through Yemen in 1998 , allegedly as leverage for prisoners held by the Yemeni government -- including al-Masri 's own stepson . Four of the tourists were killed during a harrowing shootout with government forces , Quin testified . Quin later traveled to London to confront al-Masri ; the cleric agreed to let her record the conversation . On the tape , which was played for jurors in court , al-Masri falls short of confessing he knew of the kidnapping plan ahead of time , but uses a phrase prosecutors have said is devastating evidence of his involvement : "  We never thought it would be that bad . " The two criminal counts relating to the Yemen kidnapping plot both carry a possible life sentence . Sentencing is set for September 9 .	Sentencing is set for September 9 A federal jury considered 11 terrorism-related counts against Abu Hamza al-Masri He was accused of conspiring to kidnap Americans in Yemen , open terror camp in Oregon On the stand , al-Masri criticized bin Laden and the Taliban
Tokyo  Financial Times  -- Japan has posted its narrowest trade deficit for nine months , helped by a big rise in the value of shipments to the US , which has toppled China as Japan 's number one export destination . Provisional figures released on Thursday by Japan 's finance ministry showed that overall exports rose 1.1 per cent in March from a year earlier to Y6 .3 tn  $ 64bn  , while imports -- boosted by fuel to replace idled nuclear capacity -- were up 5.5 per cent to Y6 .6 tn . The resulting Y362bn deficit was the smallest since a small surplus recorded last June , on an unadjusted basis . Figures for the full fiscal year to the end of March , also published on Thursday , showed that Japan 's exports to China fell 9 per cent to Y11 .3 tn , while exports to the US rose 10 per cent to Y11 .4 tn . The data suggest Japan 's revival under a new prime minister will rely more on the outlook in the US than in China , which helped Japan 's export-dependent economy through the difficult post-Lehman period . Trade between Asia 's two largest economies has been knocked by the slowdown in China and also by the effects of a diplomatic dispute between Tokyo and Beijing over a chain of islands in the East China Sea . Meanwhile , data for March showed a revival in big-ticket orders from the US . Shipments of transport equipment and machinery accounted for 2.1 and 3.3 percentage points of the 7 per cent year-on-year increase , respectively . The US surrendered its position as Japan 's top destination for exports early in 2009 , following China 's aggressive fiscal stimulus amid the global financial crisis . Monthly shipments to the US have exceeded those to China since then , but mainly during January and February , when trade patterns are distorted by New-Year holidays in China . Japan 's overall trade deficit stood at Y8 .2 tn for the fiscal year ended in March , the widest since records began . The nation 's trade balance slipped into deficit in March 2011 , following the huge earthquake that ruptured supply chains and triggered the closure of almost all of Japan 's nuclear reactors . The Y922bn deficit recorded in March , on a seasonally-adjusted basis , was the 25th in a row since then . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	US demand shrinks Japan trade deficit to narrowest in nine months Japan 's March deficit was Y362bn , or about US$ 3.7 bn US topples China as number one export destination
CNN  -- What a difference two debates have made . Before the first presidential debate last week , President Barack Obama appeared to be cruising toward re-election and possibly a thumping victory . After the first presidential debate , that changed dramatically : Suddenly , we had a horse race . Now after the vice presidential debate Thursday night , we not only have a horse race , but partisans fired up on both sides . Joe Biden relit the fire under Democrats in a passionate , often dominant tangle with Paul Ryan . Going into that encounter , Democratic spirits were not only drooping but some were beginning to panic that they were throwing away the election . Biden put a forceful stop to the caterwauling -- or , as Gloria Borger put it , righted the ship . He was especially effective in countering Ryan on Medicare and  as Van Jones argued after the debate  in making a case that a Romney administration could mean the end of Roe v. Wade . An old pro , Biden knows how to play to seniors , women and the middle class . Opinion : Debate coach -- it 's the Biden show ! But Republicans took equal encouragement from Ryan 's performance . And well they should . Ryan was a steady , unflappable presence onstage who made an articulate set of arguments in favor of conservative principles while also seeming sensitive and reasonable to many moderates . Ryan was also surprisingly strong on foreign policy , holding his own against a man far more schooled in the subject . Overall , he more than justified Mitt Romney 's judgment in choosing him as running mate . On substance , I called it a draw right after the debate  as did Wolf Blitzer and a few others on our CNN team  . That was good news for both Biden and Ryan . The latter could claim credit for being one of the only two challengers who has ever fought a sitting vice president to at least a draw , the first being Al Gore against incumbent Dan Quayle in 1992 . The CNN poll of registered voters who had watched the debate reached a similar conclusion : Forty-eight percent said Ryan won , 44 % said Biden , though the difference was within the poll 's margin of error . A CNN focus group thought it was a draw as well .  Note to candidates : What the focus group liked most was when Biden and Ryan said what their administrations would do to fix the economy . Could we possibly hear more of that in the remaining presidential debates ? But there was another element to the debate that has aroused more controversy . As it did in the first presidential debate , CNN chose to show the two candidates on a split screen throughout the evening .  Good call  . Watching that , I found Biden 's frequent laughs at Ryan to be off-putting -- and indeed , condescending . That plus the interruptions were in stark contrast to Ryan 's calm , even-keeled performance . So on style , I thought the edge went to Ryan . Opinion : Feisty Biden , wonky Ryan As often happens in these highly charged times , many Democrats sharply disagreed with that judgment on Twitter . They thought I along with some colleagues were jackasses  that is a very polite rephrasing of their language  . Many cited a CBS poll after the election that found Biden a clear overall winner . What was lost in translation is that the CBS poll was of uncommitted voters and the CNN poll of all registered voters . Recognizing there can be honest differences , I stand by my call -- Biden was overbearing in the early part of the debate and that diminished the impact of his arguments . Taken altogether , the vice presidential debate did make a difference : Biden was able to help his boss out of the hole -- he helped to stabilize the race . But Ryan was able to keep the GOP fired up , too . Both campaigns now gallop forward , looking toward the next showdown this coming Tuesday night when CNN 's Candy Crowley is the moderator . It 's a close horse race with passions high , fans on their feet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Two debates in two weeks have transformed presidential race Gergen says the polls have tightened , partisans on both sides are fired up CNN poll gave a slight edge to Paul Ryan ; Gergen says he had edge on style Gergen : Tuesday 's town hall debate looks increasingly important
CNN  -- A New York Times reporter who was held by the Taliban for seven months has escaped , the newspaper reported Saturday . New York Times reporter David Rohde , shown in 1995 , escaped from the Taliban . David Rohde told his wife , Kristen Mulvihill , that he and a local reporter , Tahir Ludin , climbed over the wall of a compound late Friday where they were being held in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan . Pakistani military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that the Pakistani military was involved in freeing Rohde . Additional details were not immediately available . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a statement expressing her relief about Rohde 's "  return to freedom . " "  I would like to thank the governments of Pakistan and Afghanistan for their assistance in ensuring his safe return , " Clinton said . "  Journalists put themselves at risk every day to report the news in regions gripped by conflict . We rely on their vital role and I am grateful for their service . " Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the escape " Rohde , Ludin and their driver were kidnapped outside of Kabul , Afghanistan , on November 10 , and Afghan and Western officials said recently that Rohde was being held in Pakistan . After leaving the compound Friday night , the two men then found a Pakistani army scout who led them to a nearby army base . On Saturday , they were flown to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , the newspaper said . A U.S. official told CNN that Rohde will arrive in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates at 10 p.m. Saturday . "  They just walked over the wall of the compound , " Mulvihill said , according to the newspaper . Ludin hurt his foot during the escape , but otherwise both men appear to be in good health , the newspaper said . The driver , Asadullah Mangal , did not escape , the newspaper said . "  It is hard to describe the enormous relief we felt at hearing the news of David and Tahir 's escape and knowing he is safe , " a statement from Rohde 's family said . "  Every day during these past seven months , we have hoped and prayed for this moment , " said the statement , which was provided to CNN by The New York Times . It asked that the family 's privacy be respected . White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the White House was "  very pleased to see that David Rohde is now safe and returning home . " "  This marks the end of a long and difficult ordeal for David 's family , friends and co-workers . The FBI has been the lead agency on his case , and we refer you to them for any further information , " he said . The New York Times and other media outlets had kept the kidnapping quiet out of concern for the men 's safety . "  From the early days of this ordeal , the prevailing view among David 's family , experts in kidnapping cases , officials of several governments and others we consulted , was that going public could increase the danger to hostages , " The New York Times said in a written statement . "  Therefore , we did not publicly discuss the kidnapping . We are deeply grateful to the other news organizations that honored our request to refrain from reporting on it . " A Taliban spokesman told CNN several weeks ago that the Taliban had released two "  proof of identity " videos and had demanded negotiations . The Taliban wanted some of its leaders in U.S. custody to be released as well as money , the spokesman said . Rohde , 41 , had traveled to Kabul in early November to work on a book , The New York Times said . He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1996 for his reporting on the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia while working for The Christian Science Monitor . He was also part of The New York Times reporting team that won a Pulitzer Prize in May for coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan last year .	NEW : U.S. secretary of state Clinton thanks Pakistan , Afghanistan for help David Rohde was kidnapped outside of Kabul , Afghanistan , on November 10 Rohde , 41 , said he climbed over the wall of a compound late Friday Rohde was being held in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan
CNN  -- As Thailand continues to battle its worst floods in 50 years , a political analyst involved in the relief effort predicted that streets in the capital would remain flooded for at least two weeks . "  The best-case scenario , two weeks , or one month at its worst case , " Sean Boonprakong told CNN . In all , 255 pumps were being used to drain the water , he said , crediting their work for sparing much of inner Bangkok from the floodwaters . Though some tourists were trickling in , city life was far from business as usual , he said . "  I think that most people  who live  here -- Thai and foreign alike -- are anxious , " he said . Indeed , Bangkok residents have plenty to be anxious about . They are dealing with massive piles of garbage stacking up around the flood-stricken city , prompting worries over tainted water , disease and sanitation . In a nation that , according to the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration , produces 8,000 tons of garbage a day during normal times , Bangkok residents are dealing with massive piles of trash stacking up around the flood-stricken city . "  There might be over 3 million tons of garbage left over in Bangkok after the floods , " Deputy Director General Warasart Apaipong of the Pollution Control Department told CNN . "  Five hundred thousand cars might need to be junked , as they would produce toxin wastes from their batteries and engine oil . " Concerns about disease spreading are also growing . The country 's Ministry of Public Heath has distributed 20,700 test kits for leptospirosis , a severe bacterial infection that can affect areas where water has been stagnant for more than three weeks . The ministry reported that up until November 7 , more than 1.3 million people had become sick in provinces affected by the floods , of which athlete 's foot accounted for almost 70 % of cases . Water quality in some areas is also being affected , according to Bangkok resident Anisha Prachaseri , while other newer dangers are presenting themselves . "  People have been buying many more bottles of water than normal as there 's a problem with tap water , which has been contaminated with floodwaters after it leaked into the pipes , " she said . Anisha reported that many people are still not able to get out of their homes without a boat , with water levels in many places still two meters above normal . Countless people are also refusing to evacuate their homes , despite government orders to do so . "  There 's a great deal of fear that people will electrocuted in the flooded areas if they remain in their homes , " she said . "  Disease is also a real concern right now . " Meanwhile , Thailand 's prime minister has laid out a three-point plan to get the country back on its feet . Immediate aid will be issued to people whose homes and businesses have been destroyed by the floods , which have claimed more than 500 lives since July , Yingluck Shinawatra announced Tuesday . "  This disaster is the biggest that we have ever met . We 're trying to cope with situation and help as much as we can , " she said . "  We ca n't stop all flooding but we will try to reduce the impact . " Aid packages will be offered to people to help restore homes and businesses as part of a short-term recovery plan over the coming year . Details are expected to be announced next week . Longer-term plans include the formation of two committees , one to oversee reconstruction and future development and the other to manage water resources . Yingluck acknowledged criticism of the official response to the disaster by setting herself a deadline of one year to win back public confidence . The prime minister 's promises came as murky waters continued to move towards Bangkok 's city center . "  The situation is quite serious . The water is making ground slowly but surely towards the heart of Bangkok , " flood relief co-ordinator Rungsun Munkong told CNN . Relief workers , distributing aid to evacuation centers in central Bangkok , said they were struggling to reach residents determined to wait out the crisis in tower blocks . "  I think it will be difficult down the road to get help to these people , " Rungsun said . "  People need clean water , that 's the first important thing . Cooked ready-to-eat food is also quite important , baby milk and so on . " A Thailand Disaster and Mitigation Department report , issued Sunday and reported by the state-run MCOT news agency , estimated about 3.1 million people have been affected and 4 million acres of farmland have been damaged . Moreover , the department said two people are believed missing and about 75 highways have closed . In the provinces of Nakhon Sawan and Ayutthaya , cleanup efforts were under way . On Sunday , Yingluck visited Nonthaburi , near Bangkok . There , the government provided 100 boats to help transport people and disperse relief supplies after requests by local officials , according to MCOT . Despite public criticism of the government 's overall response , Yingluck said she would not shake up her Cabinet -- in the short-term , at least . She explained that the focus first is to address the situation , with a full evaluation and possible shuffling to be done after the crisis abates , reported MCOT . Floods are an annual occurrence in the country but have been particularly acute this year , and some residents and analysts have criticized the government 's response . "  Now the government is sending a mixed signal that the situation is fine , but the truth is it the situation far from over , " political analyst Supong Limtanakul told CNN . "  It is a slow suffocating death of  the  Bangkok business area . " The city 's main airport and two large industrial sites are also at risk , Supong said . Supong said the government did not have enough resources to deal with floodwaters , noting that officials had recently asked the private sector for water pumps to help drain water out of Bangkok . M.R. Sukhumbhand Paribatra , Bangkok 's governor , told MCOT that it may take up to two weeks to drain water out of Bangkok 's main roads , and months to drain water from smaller roads . CNN 's Liz Neisloss and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	255 pumps are credited with keeping much of inner Bangkok dry Thai PM lays out three-point flood recovery plan More than 500 people have died , interior ministry says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From today , travelers visiting the United States under the Visa Waiver Program  VWP  risk being detained at airports and sent home if they do n't comply with new U.S. immigration rules . Thousands of travelers risk being detained and sent home from U.S. airports and ports . The introduction of the Electronic System for Travel Authorization  ESTA  means visitors from 27 VWP countries -- including most of Western Europe , New Zealand , Japan and Australia -- must now register their details online at least three days before departure . ESTA -- which came into effect today -- replaces the written green I-94 form and allows travelers under the VWP to enter the U.S. without a visa and stay for up to 90 days . The measure is designed to tighten security and make it harder for terrorists who are citizens of the participating countries to easily obtain entry to the U.S. Critics fear the new rule will be an inconvenience for business travelers and the British Foreign Office is concerned that travelers who have not heard about the new rules may be caught out . A British Foreign Office report on travel trends for 2009 predicted that 13 percent of British travelers are more likely to visit the States now Barack Obama has been elected . "  The consequences of not registering through ESTA could therefore be far reaching , " says the Foreign Office . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has assured travelers that the system can handle last-minute and emergency requests . Watch CNN 's Richard Quest explain the new rules . " ESTA has been operating on a voluntary basis since 1 August 2008 and is compulsory from 12 January 2009 . Applications can be made at any time , even if travelers have no specific travel plans . If itineraries change , information can be easily updated on the ESTA Web site . Once travelers are authorized , they can travel for up to two years or until their passport expires , whichever comes first . Passengers must submit the same information that is currently required in the I-94 immigration form . This includes biographical data , travel information as well as questions regarding communicable diseases , arrests and convictions . Registration is possible through the U.S. government ESTA Web site . In most cases , eligibility for travel will be approved immediately . Applicants who receive an "  Authorization Pending " response will need to check the Web site for updates . Applicants whose ESTA applications are denied will be referred to Travel.State.Gov for information on how to apply for a visa . ESTA does not change the rules for citizens from countries that require visas . That no longer includes travelers from the Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , the Republic of Korea , and the Slovak Republic ; they joined the VWP in November , 2008 . Malta became a member the following month . Travelers are advised that ESTA does not guarantee entry into the United States . The final decision rests with the immigration official at the port of entry .	Travelers risk being turned away at U.S. airports , as entry rules come into effect ESTA allows short-term visitors under the visa waiver program entry to the U.S. Visitors must register details online at least three days before they depart
A true revolution does n't come every day . The word "  revolution " appears all around us , in commercial advertisements and political propaganda , until it seems to have lost all meaning . The most minor tumult , the smallest change , and immediately we pronounce the word . And so when the real thing arrives , with tyranny and blood , with masses striving for freedom , with an ancient regime destroyed and a new one born , we might just fail to see its significance . The spark that began the revolution was something called Europe : a trade agreement with the European Union that many Ukrainians saw as a chance to enter a world of free trade rather than government syndicates , and the rule of law rather than overwhelming corruption . When President Viktor Yanukovych , after months of promised , rejected the deal in November , Ukrainians protested . The students were the first to reach the "  Maidan , " the main square of Kiev . They are the ones who already considered themselves Europeans , and took a European future for granted . After the riot police were sent to beat them , they were joined by the "  Afghans , " the veterans of the Soviet war in Afghanistan . Then came the businessmen , the professionals , the people who had hoped to make an honest living , but found themselves thwarted by unpredictable taxes and corruption . In December , hundreds of thousands of people , from all parts of the country and all walks of life , were on the streets . Then Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared with a proposal . Why not take 15 billion euros from Russia instead of playing around with Europe ? Although the Russian side promised that the loan was without conditions , Russian leaders then explained that disbursements could only follow when political stability had been established . In January , President Yanukovych formally did away with basic freedoms . A package of legislation introduced by a pro-Russian legislator and rushed illegally through parliament introduced a number of laws that closely resembled Russian models . Ukrainians reacted as Americans would if the Bill of Rights one day disappeared . After weeks of peacefully tolerating beatings , torture and disappearances , some of the protesters took the fight to the police . Once again Moscow made clear that the next tranche of the loan would depend upon political stability . Last week a truce was declared , and a day of mourning announced for the protesters who died . On the day of mourning , the Ukrainian government mounted snipers on rooftops . They shot dozens more protesters dead . The Ukrainian protesters did not do what most of us would have done . They did not run away . Instead they came in ever greater numbers . They did not react with a bloody counterattack , as well they might have . They simply , and amazingly , built their barricades , stood their ground and said they would give their lives for their freedom . At this point , the world began to react -- finally . The Polish and German foreign ministers arrived to negotiate the transition that many people had wanted for weeks : a weakening of the Yanukovych 's power and accelerated elections . ` We were trapped ' : Eyewitness to the massacre in Kiev This was far more than protesters could have expected before the mass killing , but far less than they wanted afterward . The compromise agreement specified that both sides would cease violence . Yanukovych 's police seemed to understand what he did not : that this meant the end of his rule . They disappeared from the fight , and ceased to protect him . Yanukovych disappeared . Parliament convened , and in these last few days began a very thorough reform of the entire political system . On Saturday the protesters gathered again in the hundreds of thousands to mourn their dead and to celebrate what they had achieved . Ukraine is now once again a parliamentary democracy , with presidential elections scheduled for May , and an alert population preserving the peace and watchful of its own newfound rights . What happened in Ukraine had little to do with the outside world . Yet what happens next will . Ukraine 's previous authorities were among the most corrupt imaginable . Yanukovych 's son , a dentist , earned at least $ 200 million in the last two years . Yanukovych sat on a toilet of gold  or two , actually  in the extraordinary mansion he has had to abandon . The state , unsurprisingly , is close to bankruptcy . Russia has exercised influence in Ukraine by promising cash : The promise of 15 billion euros preceded the dictatorship laws , the promise of the release of a 2 billion tranche preceded the mass shootings . This sort of conditionality is what caused the revolution . Something else is called for now . The Ukrainian revolution took place without outside help . Indeed , the men and women of the Maidan , although they want their country inside the West , were extremely disappointed with Western inaction during their revolution . Now Western financial aid will be needed to transform that revolution into stability . The International Monetary Fund has promised loans , but this is not enough . People who risked death for the values we all claim to treasure , people who have brought a major nation back from dictatorship and to democracy deserve more than loans that will require immediate economic austerity . They need very significant European and American financial support . This could include loans , quick free trade negotiations , financial institutions that offer microcredits , and visa-free travel for normal Ukrainians -- not just the billionaires . Ukrainian oligarchs have parked hundreds of millions , if not billions , of dollars in Western banks : some of it , just possibly , illegally . Such accounts could be investigated promptly . Direct financial assistance would have to be conditional upon further reforms that ensure the restoration and the preservation of the rule of law . This is not some idle choice . The Ukrainian revolution , like any revolution , can fail . There are plenty of Ukrainians who are confused by the revolution or oppose it , and are waiting to see what the new government will bring . Although the European Union , the United States , and China have recognized Ukraine 's new authorities , Russia has not . Russian propaganda characterizes Ukrainian activists  depending on its purpose and intended audience  as fascists , terrorists , or gays . Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has claimed , without any evidence , that Russian citizens in Ukraine are under threat . That is the classical justification for intervention . Russian parliamentarians are now in Crimea , promising Russian citizenship to ethnic Russians there and suggesting that Russia will support a referendum on the detachment of Crimea from Ukraine and its attachment to Russia . On the other side , among the revolutionaries are radicals who may not be satisfied by the compromises that end any revolution . Their main motivation was the end of Moscow 's influence in Ukraine , and so they can be provoked . Compromise will be possible in a state that is financially stable . In one that is not , Russian policy might provoke nationalists , and conflict can begin again . The cause of the Ukrainian protesters was not to change the world , but only to change their world . What they wanted was normality , predictability , the ability to live their lives the way they chose . They wanted , in other words , the things that most of us take for granted . But now that their revolution has come , the world faces certain important choices . If we do n't understand the revolution in Ukraine , then we miss something special and unusual : a chance to support democracy .	Timothy Snyder : We 're witnessing an extraordinary event , a revolution in Ukraine He says Ukraine 's population did not run away from regime 's violence , but stood firm Ukrainians do n't want to accept a Russian-style regime in return for Russian money , he says Snyder : The West now must provide financial and other support for Ukraine 's democracy
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court wavered like the tides Wednesday in an unusual dispute over whether owners of private waterfront property were unfairly deprived title to land that touches the ocean . It was unclear from the one-hour public session which way the justices might go on the case . At issue is whether courts , by reinterpreting state law , can deprive deed holders of their traditional shoreline rights , amounting to a "  judicial taking " of property . Florida officials said that when the state deposited tons of new sand on eroding shorelines , the replenished land became government property , essentially creating a strip of public beach between the landowners ' property and the ocean . Several residents along the nearly seven-mile stretch of reclaimed land near the resort town of Destin protested , saying their oceanfront property line extends to the water , a practice they say has been endorsed in prior state courts for more than a century . The lawyer for the homeowners called it a "  land grab " by the local government . Kent Safriet told the high court that what had been a beach stretching 200 feet to the water has become a 75-foot stretch of public beach , between the property line and the water 's edge . "  People pay a lot more for beachfront homes for that reason , " instead of property with beach views , said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  You did n't lose one inch , " Justice Stephen Breyer said about the homeowners who sued . "  All you lost was the right to touch the water . But the -LSB- state -RSB- court here says you in effect have that right because you can walk right over it and get to the water . " The state says nearly 200 miles -- about a quarter of the state 's 825 miles of beaches -- have been restored in an area prone to hurricanes and heavy storms churned up in the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean . And officials say that since such "  emergent " land does not take away property , it is not considered eminent domain , in which the government would have to compensate the private owner . Property rights along the water -- known as littoral ownership -- have long been a tricky matter . In most coastal states , beachfront property is split between the government and private owners . The dividing line has traditionally been the mean high water line  MHWL  , a flexible border that depends on shifting sands and tides . The state usually owns the property seaward of the MHWL . The homeowners who sued -- who had just six of the 448 parcels included in that replenishment project -- created a group called Stop the Beach Renourishment Inc. . Local environmental groups , and some other homeowners in the neighborhood , say the plaintiffs appear to be "  looking a gift horse in the mouth " -- benefiting from taxpayer-paid restoration but claiming ownership of the artificial beach . The Florida Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state , prompting the high court appeal . The area along Florida 's Panhandle is known for its dramatic crystal white sands . Destin , a popular beach town , calls itself the "  world 's luckiest fishing village . " Safriet told the court the difference between beachfront and "  beach view " -- from an aesthetic and financial point of view -- is tremendous , when property values are considered . "  It was a wholesale transfer of rights as well as the deed , " he said . But Breyer said state law was generous to the private owners , saying no permanent structures , or anything that would spoil the right of peaceful enjoyment of their property , could be placed on the reclaimed land . "  Now , if they put a noisy hot dog stand that keeps you up at night , does n't that violate the statute ? " he asked . Justice Sonia Sotomayor went further , saying that a boat or even a floating hot dog stand could sit just offshore , in a foot of water , and the private owners might not be able to do anything about it since it remained public property . "  No different than what exists today , before the legislation , which is if the hot dog vendor wanted to sit in a foot of water , it could have , " she said . "  So none of your actual use rights , pleasure rights or anything else has been changed " by the reclamation project , she said . Justice Samuel Alito , leading the strongest voice among his conservative colleagues , suggested the state court made "  a fundamental change in Florida property law to extend these concepts of -LSB- natural sediment erosion or addition -RSB- to things that are done by the state . "  Does that mean the state could come in and knock down the house and say this is an artificial avulsion ? " he asked , referring to environmental damage done by a severe storm . He then took the hot dog hypothetical further . "  Suppose a city decided it wanted to attract more students who were going to the beach in Florida for spring break , and so therefore it decided it was going to create a huge beach in front of privately owned homes . Under the decision of the Florida Supreme Court , I do n't see anything that would stop the city from doing that , " he theorized , saying such an event could even be televised . "  As a practical matter , does n't that have a real effect on the value of the property ? " The case has not yet risen to the level of public outcry from the high court 's separate 2005 ruling , which said the government had the power under eminent domain to take private homes and give them to private developers , in the name of improving downtrodden neighborhoods . That provoked widespread criticism and led several states to reform their eminent domain laws . Property rights advocates , supported by a range of conservative and libertarian legal groups , back the homeowners in the beach dispute . Environmentalists , along with a majority of states and the Obama administration , back Florida . Justice John Paul Stevens was not on the bench for the morning arguments . No explanation has yet been given for his absence , but the 89-year-old justice may have recused himself because he owns beachfront property in the state . The justices will decide whether courts , apart from legislatures or the executive branch , have the power through a ruling to create a private property "  taking , " something historically prohibited by the Constitution . It is an issue they have been pondering , but never really tackling , for decades . Until now . The case is Stop the Beach Renourishment v. Florida Dept. of Environmental Protection  08-1151  . A ruling is expected by spring 2010 .	The U.S. Supreme Court held a one-hour public session Wednesday on shoreline rights Florida says that when it put new sand on eroding shorelines , that land became state 's Private landowners , however , say their property lines have always extended to the ocean
CNN  Notwithstanding the polls , the valiant efforts of the Obama White House , a new unity on the Israeli left and a controversial term , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party appears to have swept to victory in Tuesday 's Israeli elections . For many in Israel , the election turned on domestic economic issues and on personality . Pollsters had believed that the combination of rising prices , slowing growth and a controversial leader at the helm of the incumbent Likud would finally doom the man who was looking to notch a historic fourth term as premier on his belt . Not so much . While it will likely take some time for Netanyahu to form a new government , the reverberations of his victory will be felt fast in Washington . U.S. President Barack Obama has made no secret of his antipathy toward Netanyahu , and many believe that Obama has allowed disagreements over policy to spill over into personal animosity . And while the White House allowed it would work with whoever won the Israeli elections , it seems clear whom the President would have voted for had he been allowed to cast a ballot . So what will Obama do on the issues that have increasingly divided Israel and the United States ? Some believe the President will be all the more constrained in his negotiations with Iran , especially now that Israel has doubled down on the man who took to a joint meeting of Congress to publicly excoriate Obama 's hoped-for deal with the Islamic Republic over its nuclear weapons program . But the stronger likelihood is that the Likud victory will spur the administration to even more concessions to ensure a deal between Tehran and Washington . This is , after all , an administration that has written off the concerns of all of Iran 's neighbors  and America 's allies in the region  over a weak agreement that would likely do little more than pave the way toward a nuclear weapons capability for the ayatollahs . The reality is that where Obama might have been inclined to listen to the Israeli left  which differed little with the Likud over Iran  , he will find it easy to dismiss the clamoring of the Israeli right , never mind that it represents the will of the people of Israel . Then there are the negotiations with the Palestinians . Obama has never appeared personally interested in the peace process , though his administration has made repeated attempts to bring both sides to the table . But now Washington will be in an even tougher place . Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has all but abandoned the notion of bilateral negotiations toward Palestinian statehood , and has brought his case instead to the international community . He has promised he will continue to pursue recognition country by country , and through the United Nations , while at the same time seeking to prosecute Israel for "  war crimes " through the International Criminal Court . In the waning days of the election , Netanyahu made Abbas ' job all the easier by reversing his earlier commitment to a Palestinian state , suggesting there would never be one on his watch . The Palestinians returned the favor , announcing that they would redouble their efforts at the ICC . This all puts Obama in a sticky spot . It will be tempting to just let the Palestinians have at Netanyahu , and the President will likely want to do just that . But what about the broader implications of allowing the International Criminal Court to proceed with accusations by a nonstate actor against a nonmember of the court , all the while insisting it has jurisdiction ? Few have any doubt that if unleashed to prosecute whom it wishes by parties without legal standing  because "  Palestine " is not , in fact , a state  , ICC prosecutions of U.S. officials will not be far behind . Until last week , Obama administration policy was to try to walk back the entire ICC mess . It is in the best interests of the United States to continue that fight , but best interests are not always the prime mover behind Obama administration policies . Of course , all involved in this could also act like adults with real issues at stake -- Netanyahu and Obama could do the right things and put behind them the fuss over the speech to Congress , the personal backbiting , and the public bickering . But that would require a maturity that neither party appears to embrace , more the shame for all of us .	Benjamin Netanyahu looked set for re-election after Tuesday 's poll Danielle Pletka : Victory may spur U.S. to more concessions in Iran talks
Washington  CNN  -- Despite being out of office for more than two decades , former President George H.W. Bush has been a regular feature in political news this year -- receiving awards for volunteer work or jumping out of planes to celebrate his birthday -- and this week he kicks up his schedule right as his last name is again buzzing with presidential speculation . Bush 41 will receive a prestigious award for his work as his presidential center observes the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , a major milestone which occurred during his presidency . He then will appear with his son , former President George W. Bush , in a public event as he unveils a biography he has written about his dad -- an occurrence which is sure to draw a lot of public attention on both of them , their relationship and the Bush presidencies . On Monday the European Parliament awarded the elder Bush the Robert Schuman Medal , which recognizes public figures who have advanced the cause of peace , the construction of Europe and human values . He is the first American to receive the honor . "  Throughout his long career in public service President Bush was always mindful of human rights and the need to advance the cause of peace in the world , " said former Ambassador Ryan Crocker , dean of the George Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University . That is where the presentation occurred during a conference commemorating the wall 's fall and will include key officials from Bush 's administration -- his national security adviser Brent Scowcroft and Secretary of State James Baker . On Tuesday , Bush and his wife Barbara will be on hand at a very different type of event . Their son will unveil the biography he wrote "  41 : A Portrait of My Father , " which is described as a personal look his father through his own eyes . Bush 41 , a prolific letter writer , never wrote an autobiography but did release copies of many notes he penned throughout his life to family , friends and colleagues giving the public a glimpse of his personal thoughts and impressions of his life and career . In his new book George W. Bush not only discusses the professional highlights of his dad but also his influence on his own life -- growing up in Texas , recounting early campaign trips with him , his decision to go into politics then following in his footsteps into the White House and the decision to go to war in Iraq -- a country which dominated both Bush presidencies . Now the elder Bush just saw a new generation of his family enter government service . His grandson George P. Bush won statewide office in Texas capturing the politically powerful position of Land Commissioner in a landslide and is looked at as a rising star in the Republican Party . Bush 41 now waits to see whether his son former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush will run for the White House as he has urged him to do -- although other members of the family have not embraced a possible third President Bush as enthusiastically . "  Forty one believes strongly that Jeb would be a superb president and very much hopes he will run . Mrs. Bush also knows - and has stated several times - that Jeb would be a superb leader in the Oval Office , but what mother wants to see their son or daughter attacked and pounded the way she saw it happen to her husband and eldest son ? As John McCain often says , presidential politics ` ai n't bean bag , ' " Bush 41 spokesman Jim McGrath told CNN . The elder Bush also has kept his hand in politics this campaign year endorsing several successful Republican candidates , including Georgia Senator Elect David Perdue . In an interview with NPR Bush 43 talks about one moment -- the 1992 speech accepting the Republican Party 's presidential nomination -- when Bush 41 did not meet his son 's expectations . "  I was very disappointed , not in him , but in the process . And he gave - he did give a flat speech -LSB- at the 1992 Republican National Convention -RSB- and it frankly was n't full of many interesting ideas . It was kind of defensive . And there 's a couple of lessons there about this moment . One is - is that if you 're gon na give a big speech , get it written early and get used to it , " George H. W. Bush told NPR . "  Get comfortable with it because it enhances the delivery . And secondly , that if you expect to win political races , you better have strong policy platform . And they were playing - they were kind of playing small ball at this point , and presidents have got to have bigger agendas . "	Former President George H. W. Bush is receiving an award from the European Parliament The award ceremony is stateside at Texas A&M University His son George W. Bush will unveil his biography of his father on Tuesday The events come amid speculation that Bush 's son Jeb will run for president
CNN  -- Reading the legal complaint leaves a heavy feeling in the pit of your stomach . The claim , filed by attorney Gregory Owen on behalf of one child , alleges 4 - and 5-year-olds at the First Lutheran Child Development Center in Carson , California , were performing oral sex on each other at the preschool . The suit alleges that in addition to acts performed on the 5-year-old plaintiff , other students were removing their clothing and engaging in sexual acts on the playground and during nap time . Such behavior , experts say , would be rooted in normal childhood development ; the children participating in or seeing such sexual acts may not fully understand what is taking place . Whether such alleged inappropriate acts will have a long-term impact on students depends on how the situation is handled , experts say . "  Young children are not developmentally prepared to engage in sex , " said Kathryn Seifert , an expert in youth violence and sexual behavior . "  Their brains are not ready to absorb that kind of information . " Owen told CNN he is representing six children who attended the church 's program and their parents . He plans to file five additional lawsuits before the end of February . The first , filed Tuesday , names the school , several of the First Lutheran Church of Carson 's leaders , an unnamed "  minor perpetrator " and the perpetrator 's parents as defendants . The suit said that the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services conducted an evaluation of the center in November and found a lack of supervision , which "  allowed for inappropriate touching between minor students . " In a statement , First Lutheran officials said the incident referenced in the lawsuit happened in October and was "  addressed and dealt with " at that time . The statement notes that the plaintiff was still enrolled in the church 's preschool until last week . Kids at risk : Say something or bite your tongue ? Michael Weston , spokesman for the California Department of Social Services , told CNN the department met with officials from the church on February 1 concerning "  noncompliance " license violations against the school over the past six months . The violations discussed included a lack of supervision at the care facility , child-teacher ratios and inappropriate discipline . At that meeting , Weston said , the department was informed that the school 's director was resigning and the school license would be set to inactive on Friday . The decision to close the school was made based on the director 's resignation , which was for personal reasons and not related to the incidents , according to the church officials ' statement . On Wednesday , the California Department of Social Services issued a temporary suspension order to the development center after determining there was an "  immediate risk to the children in care . " The order prohibits the facility from operating , according to a letter from the department . Weston said the department will continue to investigate after the school closes . Questions remain , Seifert said , about what exactly happened at the school : Was this a group of unsupervised children just being curious about their bodies ? Were they copying something they had seen on TV or in a magazine at home ? Was it the result of sexual abuse -- either by another student or an adult ? Judith Myers-Walls , an expert in human developmental stages at Purdue University , said sexuality , in a sense , starts younger than you might think . Between the ages of 2 and 5 , children learn to dress and undress themselves and begin to understand what it means to be a boy versus a girl . Many toddlers like to run around naked , Myers-Walls said , and may touch themselves . "  That is again , very normal . ... They 're simply doing things that feel good , in the same way they might curl their hair , " she said . "  They do n't  know  social norms . They have n't learned what 's polite and impolite until parents teach them . " Children are excellent imitators , Myers-Walls said . Often the actions they 're exhibiting have been copied from somewhere else . Adults who come across children exploring their bodies in inappropriate ways should step in immediately and stop the behavior , she suggested . They should explain that the acts are not acceptable in public areas . Parents should teach their kids about "  private parts " that need to be covered in public , she said , and about personal space . The way parents deal with the alleged situation in California will affect how much of a long-term impact it may have on the children , Seifert said . Getting upset or angry may convey to a child that he is in trouble and lead to anxiety surrounding his sexuality down the road . Instead , asking questions calmly about what happened and why should clear up whether the child has been traumatized by events . A professional therapist can help determine the extent of trauma and work with the family to recover , Seifert said . Even if the child does n't know sexual activity is wrong , it can still have lingering effects . While some exploration is natural , sexual acts such as oral sex may "  make them feel odd or funny or sad or angry , " she said . "  It 's those emotions that have to be cared for . " The best way to avoid these kinds of situations is to have ongoing conversations about sexual behaviors with your kids , Myers-Walls said . "  It 's important for parents to realize you do n't have ` the talk ' and you 're done . " When children are around 2 , parents can discuss body parts and the differences between boys and girls , she said . As children grow a bit older , parents can talk about private parts and when it 's OK  and not OK  for kids to explore their bodies . In later years , kids will ask where babies come from ; you do n't have to talk about birth control and abortion , but you should answer their questions simply and directly , Myers-Walls said . "  Sex  is very different than drugs and smoking -- you do n't ever want them to do that , " Myers-Walls said . "  Being a sexual being is who we are . " There are warning signs that your child is participating in inappropriate behavior or is being abused , Seifert said . Every day , parents should be talking to their children about their day : what happened , who they hung out with , what they did . If topics come up the child should have no knowledge about , calmly ask more questions , she suggested . Other signs include drastic changes in behavior , trouble sleeping , eating changes or anger issues , Seifert said . "  We want people to be aware so if they 're in this situation they know what to do , " she said . "  Even if it is something that 's unfortunate that 's happened to your child , there is help out there . " CNN 's Rosalina Nieves and Irving Last contributed to this report .	Lawsuit filed against California church 's preschool alleges oral sex among kids Children may not have fully understood what they were doing , experts say Preschool says it will close Friday due to director 's resignation for personal reasons
CNN  -- The legendary Bjorn Borg fueled his success with a daily diet of steak and potatoes . Hell raising stars of the recent past were not adverse to sinking more than a few beers after a tough match . But the modern tennis star is more likely to be teetotal and to stick to a gluten free diet -- avoiding the red meat and carbs which five-time Wimbledon champion Borg apparently ate every day . Doubles stalwart and ATP Player Council member Eric Butorac should know . He 's been on the circuit for nearly a decade and rubs shoulders with the likes of Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic both on and off the court . "  I think the top players have cut alcohol completely out of their diet and the rest of the players to stay competitive have mostly followed suit , " Butorac told CNN 's Open Court program . "  It 's funny because actually our tour sponsor is Corona -- so there are Coronas available wherever we want , in the locker room and in the players ' lounge but it 's surprising that at the end of the week they are often not even touched . Serious endeavor "  For the most part guys treat their bodies like a temple and take it very seriously . " Butorac believes the established "  Big Four " of Rafael Nadal , Djokovic , Andy Murray and Federer have permanently raised the bar as regards fitness and diet issues and there is no going back . With the rewards for success so large -- $ 31 million on offer at the 2014 season opening Australian Open -- any small margins gained can be worth a small fortune . "  If you look at the amount of money that can be won at the top of the sport or any major sport so you know that line between No. 1 and No. 5 in the world is worth millions and millions of dollars so I think you see these guys doing every little thing they can to achieve that , " added Butorac . Former Wimbledon champion Pat Cash said that the move to a great emphasis on fitness and diet started during his glory years in the 1980s and 90s , but his predecessors were not so careful . "  I heard stories that the old Aussie greats used to play hard and drink hard and used to have steak and potatoes , " said Cash . "  I once asked Bjorn Borg ` what did you eat ? ' and he said ` every day I had a steak and I had potatoes ' and he used to play five sets of practice every day and back it up day in day out with steak and potatoes ! " Gluten free Modern superstars such as Djokovic would not dream of that approach and it was the Serbian who started a trend with his gluten free diet , cutting out wheat and treats such as chocolate . "  This particular diet changed my life really in a positive way and affected positively my career and my overall feeling on and off the court , " Djokovic said . As he charged to No. 1 and went through 2011 with just a handful of defeats , others took notice and followed suit . "  Novak really made that popular when he really rose to the top , " said Butorac . "  I do n't know if it 's a fad or if it 's here to stay but it 's definitely a thing that a high percentage of the guys on tour now are gluten free or almost primarily gluten free . "  I watch them taking strolls around the breakfast bar in France , bypassing the croissants and the pain au chocolats , all the different tempting things and actually staying away from it . It 's pretty impressive to see them do it ! " They are helped by the more healthy offerings available at the ATP and WTA 's official tournaments and with players on the road for half of the year , maybe more , this is vital . "  Players are looking to eat a lot of salads , a lot of fruits , pastas and then white meats , chicken and fish are really popular , " Butorac said . Healthy options "  The cuisine can vary tournament to tournament but also normally what the tournaments week in week out provide is some really healthy options that allows us to stay very fit . " But with this austere regime -- fat free and alcohol free -- has the sheer joie de vivre gone out of the game ? "  I believe the fun on the tour has dropped , " said American Butorac . "  There is very little alcohol consumed as players take their matches and practice very seriously . "  But the tour is still a great place to be and there is plenty of fun to be had , though the stories we hear about what it was like ` back in the day , ' it is n't even close nowadays . " The 1987 Wimbledon champion Cash , who retired in 1997 , said in his era there was still a high degree of professionalism but the difference has been advances in sports science . "  You know more about nutrition . In my day it was all about carbo loading and I think it 's slightly different now , it 's not just about having carbohydrates because you need protein for your muscles to recover as well , " said the Australian great . Butorac , who is 32 , has had to battle to earn a living on the ATP Tour and establish himself as the No. 3 American doubles player behind the incredible Byran brothers  Bob and Mike  . A recent victory in the doubles at the Malaysian Open with Raven Klaasen was proof he is still a force at the top level and aside from attention to diet , Butorac , like many others , is training smarter . "  I have become more attuned to listening to my body , when it needs rest , icing , stretching , massage and addressing minor injuries . Inspiring veterans "  Almost every player on tour is hurt or dealing with some sort of minor injury . However , players have all become great at managing these niggles . " Butorac takes inspiration from the likes of Tommy Haas -- "  playing some of his best tennis in his mid thirties " -- not to mention the 32-year-old Federer , who is the long-time president of the Players Council . Butorac is a vice president on the 10-member board and the group meet about half a dozen times a year to address issues such as prize money , draw sizes and the tour calendar . Player "  burn out " has been a hot topic in recent years , making attention to diet and fitness all the more important with the increased demands placed on them . "  Players are taking their health very seriously , " said Butorac . "  Fitness programs have reached new standards and along with that players ' diets have become very healthy . "  I have n't seen actual chefs with players yet , but I have seen nutritionists who are getting the food for the player out late at night buying specific products that they want to have in their players ' body the next day . Modern trend "  And a physiotherapist is often in charge , making sure you have the protein shakes right after the match and also a specific diet that has probably been pre-arranged by a chef or nutritionist . " Tennis is not alone in this obsession with fueling the body with the right stuff . "  I think this is a trend in all sports though . I hear Steve Nash is a vegetarian and Kobe  Bryant  takes incredible care of his body , " said Butorac . At 39 and 35 years of age respectively , the LA Lakers basketball stars serve as a powerful reminder that careers can be prolonged in the most demanding of sports by taking care what you eat .	Modern tennis players stick to rigorous diet plan Most have cut out alcohol says doubles star Eric Butorac Novak Djokovic set trend with gluten free diet Djokovic , Roger Federer , Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal lead the way
EW.com  -- Today , the Directors Guild of America announced its nominees for TV and commercials . Some of the shows involved are predictable  "  Homeland , " "  Mad Men , " "  Louie , " "  Girls "  , while others are n't  check out that Reality category !  . The list : Dramatic Series : Michael Cuesta , Showtime 's Homeland , "  The Choice " Jennifer Getzinger , AMC 's Mad Men , "  A Little Kiss " Lesli Linka Glatter , Showtime 's Homeland , "  Q&A " Rian Johnson , AMC 's Breaking Bad , "  Fifty-One " Greg Mottola , HBO 's The Newsroom , "  We Just Decided To " Comedy Series : Louis C.K. , FX 's Louie , "  New Year 's Eve " Mark Cendrowski , CBS 's The Big Bang Theory , "  The Date Night Variable " Bryan Cranston , ABC 's Modern Family , "  Election Day " Lena Dunham , HBO 's Girls , "  Pilot " Beth McCarthy-Miller , NBC 's 30 Rock , "  Live from Studio 8H " Movies for Television and Mini-Series : Greg Berlanti , USA 's Political Animals , "  Pilot " Philip Kaufman , HBO 's Hemingway & Gellhorn Kevin Reynolds , History 's Hatfields & McCoys Jay Roach , HBO 's Game Change Michael Rymer , FX 's American Horror Story : Asylum , "  Dark Cousin " ` Walking Dead ' : New midseason poster Musical Variety : Michael Dempsey , 12-12-12 : The Concert for Sandy Relief Don Roy King , NBC 's Saturday Night Live with host Mick Jagger Don Mischer , ABC 's 84th Annual Academy Awards Chuck O'Neil , Comedy Central 's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , "  Episode # 17153 ″ Glenn Weiss , CBS ' 66th Annual Tony Awards Reality Programs : Tony Croll , The CW 's America 's Next Top Model , "  The Girl Who Becomes America 's Next Top Model " Peter Ney , Syfy 's Face Off , "  Scene of the Crime " Brian Smith , Fox 's Master Chef , "  Episode # 305 ″ J. Rupert Thompson , NBC 's Stars Earn Stripes , "  Amphibious Assault " Tim Warren , SpikeTV 's Ink Master , "  Episode 103 ″ ` Justified ' boss on ` Hole In the Wall ' Daytime Serials : Albert Alarr , NBC 's Days of Our Lives , "  Episode # 11895 ″ Larry Carpenter , ABC 's General Hospital , "  Bad Water " William Ludel , ABC 's General Hospital , "  Magic Milo " Scott McKinsey , ABC 's General Hospital , "  Shot Through the Heart " Jill Mitwell , ABC 's One Life to Live , "  Between Heaven and Hell " Children 's Programs : Stuart Gillard , Disney Channel 's Girl vs. Monster Paul Hoen , Disney Channel 's Let it Shine Savage Steve Holland , Nickelodeon 's Big Time Movie Jonathan Judge , Nickelodeon 's Camp Fred Amy Schatz , HBO 's Do n't Divorce Me ! Kids ' Rules for Parents on Divorce Commercials : Lance Acord  Jogger , Nike ; The Dog Strikes Back , Volkswagen 2012 ; Thread , Levi 's ; Greatness , Nike Steve Ayson  Beer Chase , Carlton Draught ; Let Me Go , The Cosmopolitan of Los Vegas Fredrik Bond  Surfer , Puma ; Eternal Optimism , Budweiser Alejandro G. Inarritu  Best Job , Proctor and Gamble Tom Kuntz  Terry Crews Muscle Minds , Old Spice ; Stray Animals , DirecTV ; Roadside Ditch , DirecTV ; Platoon , DirecTV The DGA Awards will be hosted by Kelsey Grammer on February 2 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Directors Guild of America has announced its nominees for TV and commercials "  Louie , " "  BBT , " "  Modern Family , " "  Girls " and "  30 Rock " the nominees for comedy series "  America 's Next Top Model " is among the shows nominated in the reality category
CNN  -- At least seven people were killed in southwest Guatemala when security forces clashed with protesters blocking a highway , a hospital official said . More than 30 others were hospitalized with injuries , 15 of them in serious condition , Damaris Juarez , a spokeswoman at Jose Felipe Flores Hospital , said Thursday . Most of the victims suffered bullet wounds , she said , although the government says its forces were unarmed in the confrontation , which took place in the country 's Totonicapan department . Protesters from 48 local communities had gathered Thursday at a stretch of highway known as Cuatro Caminos to express their opposition to high energy prices , among other issues . The leader of the protests , Carmen Tacan , blamed security forces for the deaths and demanded an investigation , according to a government news release . Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina ordered an investigation but suggested that the shooting originated from the protesters . "  We are willing to make available the weapons that they may have been carrying , although they -- the soldiers -- had no weapons , but were equipped with tear gas , " Perez Molina said . "  We have information that it may have been the civilians who initiated the shooting and upon hearing this , the contingent of soldiers exited their vehicles to disperse and avoid harm . " The president said he ordered police and military forces to retreat from the area where the protesters were . In addition to high energy costs , the protesters also oppose an educational reform that will increase the duration of studies needed for a teaching degree from three years to five years . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	More than 30 others were hospitalized , most with bullet wounds , a hospital reports The protesters accuse security forces of opening fire Guatemala 's president says the soldiers were not armed The protesters were expressing opposition to high energy prices , educational reform
CNN  -- A broken rail caused a train derailment near Baltimore two years ago that killed two young women sitting on a railroad bridge , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . A CSX coal train derailed on a railroad bridge in Ellicott City , Maryland , just before midnight on August 20 , 2012 . Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr , both 19 , were killed "  when coal spilled out of the rail cars during the derailment . " The train had been traveling 23 mph , and the first 21 of the 80 cars in the train derailed . Seven cars fell into a parking lot . "  The presence in the rail right-of-way of the two fatally injured persons , whose unauthorized access placed them in harm 's way , did not contribute to the derailment in any way , " the board said . "  The NTSB investigation found that the point of derailment was a rail fracture several hundred feet before the bridge . The section of rail , which was examined in the NTSB 's materials laboratory in Washington , showed evidence of rolling contact fatigue , a gradual breakdown of the rail-head surface . " The derailed train also damaged fiber-optic lines and temporarily disrupted Internet service at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , delaying the trial for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others facing terrorism charges this week , a base spokesman said at the time . The facility lost about 50 % of its connectivity , which is serviced by satellite downlink locations in Maine and Maryland . The Federal Railroad Administration started a Rail Failure Working Group "  to study the effects of rail-head wear and resulting rail surface conditions " as a result of this and other incidents . The Rail Safety Advisory Committee adopted its recommendations in April . CSX put a chain-link fence on the right-of-way in an effort to halt trespassing . There will be a public forum in 2015 "  to explore and educate the public about the dangers associated with unauthorized individuals in the railroad right-of-way . " In 2013 : Freight train hits truck and derails in Maryland ; it felt ` like an earthquake '	Presence of women on bridge did not cause derailment near Baltimore , NTSB says Internet service at Guantanamo disrupted after accient Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr , both 19 , were killed This and other incidents spur Rail Failure Working Group
Ladies : I know you 've heard the news that some doctors think you should just say no to your annual pelvic exam . "  Doctors are examining your genitals for no reason " and "  Skip the stirrups " were just a few of the headlines that followed last week 's report from the American College of Physicians . But before you hop out of those stirrups , listen to what happened to this woman . She went in for her yearly checkup , and the gynecologist did a regular pelvic exam -- one hand in her vagina , one hand on top of her belly -- and it was unusually painful . The doctor felt some inflammation and sent the patient for an ultrasound . More testing found pre-cancerous polyps in her colon , which she promptly had removed . The patient was in her late 40s and would n't have started regular colonoscopies until she was 50 , so her pelvic exam caught the pre-cancerous condition early . "  I feel like my astute gynecologist saved my life , " the patient told me . And this patient knows a few things about medicine : she 's Dr. Julie Gerberding , the former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . So if pelvic exams can find bad things , why did the American College of Physicians recommend doctors skip them ? This group of internal medicine doctors -- they 're not gynecologists -- said that while there may be some success stories , those are merely anecdotes . The group said there are no actual studies showing pelvic exams help women , and it believes the exams could actually hurt them . As someone with a master 's degree in public health , this made sense to me . But since my own annual exam is coming up , I decided to take a closer look . My conclusion : the American College of Physicians has made some judgments based on some very thin research . So I am going to continue getting my exams . Here 's why : During a pelvic exam the doctor inserts a speculum to open the vagina and look inside for things that should n't be there , such as growths on the cervix . If you 're due for a Pap smear , the doctor will do one at this point in the exam . Since the doctor ca n't see the uterus , fallopian tubes and ovaries , he or she then removes the speculum and inserts two gloved fingers into the vagina and places the other hand on the lower abdomen to feel for abnormalities , such as inflammation , tumors or cysts . Doctors have been doing this exam on women with no gynecological symptoms for as long as anyone can remember . There are plenty of studies showing the Pap smear saves lives , but does a visual and manual inspection do any good ? The American College of Physicians looked and did n't find a single study that assessed whether routine pelvic exams save lives or make women healthier . "  I do n't want to do an exam that does n't have any documented benefit , " said Dr. Hanna Bloomfield , who , with funding from the Veterans Health Administration , reviewed the medical literature for the American College of Physicians . I get it , but just because no one 's ever sat down and studied these exams does n't mean they 're useless -- it just means no one 's studied them . So I called up a handful of gynecologists to ask if they 'd ever made any great saves like Gerberding 's gynecologist . While the catches might not be as dramatic , they 've all caught bad stuff women would n't have known about otherwise : warts on a woman 's cervix ; HPV lesions that could have spread to a sexual partner ; benign ovarian cysts that were n't painful but could twist and rupture ; and , on occasion , they found ovarian cancer . That left me thinking I do want this exam , unless it causes me too much harm . The American College of Physicians says "  physical harms may include urinary tract infections . " Yikes , I do n't want a urinary tract infection . But what 's the evidence that this actually happens ? Strangely , the organization 's guidelines did n't give any , so I called Dr. Amir Qaseem , the lead author . He told me he got his information from the evidence report written by Bloomfield , but when I looked at that report , there was nothing . So I gave Bloomfield a call . "  The data about urinary tract infections is bad data , so I did n't include it in the final version of my report , " she said . "  I do n't know why they put that in the guidelines . " The past president of the American College of Physicians , Dr. Molly Cooke , says , both as a doctor and a patient , urinary tract infection does n't "  figure into my benefit/harms calculus . " Okay , I thought to myself : If the former president of the American College of Physicians is n't worried , I wo n't be either . So what should I worry about ? Unnecessary surgery , according to the college . Sometimes your doctor will do a pelvic exam and see or feel something that they think is worrisome but is actually a big nothing , and you have surgery you did n't need . That sounds legitimate . But again , where 's the evidence ? The American College of Physicians cites one study . That study , done in Greece , looked at 174 healthy women whose doctors found something worrisome on their pelvic exams . These women had more testing , and doctors decided to do laparoscopic surgery on 31 of them . Ovarian cancer was found in two of these women , so the American College of Physicians concluded that the other 29 had "  unnecessary " surgery . There are two problems with this conclusion . One , while these women did n't have ovarian cancer , during the surgery doctors did find other things , such as benign ovarian cysts , that were removed . Maybe this was unnecessary . Or maybe it helped . Bloomfield , the associate chief of staff for research at the Veterans Administration Healthcare System in Minneapolis , agreed that some of these surgeries she deemed "  unnecessary " might actually have been helpful . It 's impossible to know because the Greek paper contains very few details . The second problem with labeling these surgeries "  unnecessary " is that the Greek women got their care from 1991 to 1993 . Doctors are now much more adept at weeding out people who do n't need surgery because of better imaging technology . 5 questions to ask before surgery "  To extrapolate anything from a study done in Greece in 1992 to the U.S. in 2014 is unconscionable , " says Dr. Barbara Levy , vice president of health policy at the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists . The professional organization is not going to change its recommendations in light of this report , saying they believe pelvic exams can still be valuable . So we have different doctors with different opinions . You and I get to be empowered patients and decide who we agree with . For me , I do n't want to miss something that could be serious . I 'll take the small chance that an exam will lead me to an unnecessary surgery because before I would have that surgery I would ask good questions and get a second or third opinion if necessary to make sure I really needed it . So ladies : if you choose to have a routine pelvic exam , do it with your vagina and your eyes wide open . Know that science is n't perfect . But also know that you , and not a group of doctors looking at that imperfect science , will make that decision .	The American College of Physicians recommend against pelvic exams The data backing the report was sketchy at best Asked about exams causing urinary tract infections , the data did n't hold up Pelvic exams have caught problems regularly
CNN  -- The NSA broke privacy rules "  thousands of times each year " since 2008 , The Washington Post reported Thursday , citing an internal audit and other documents . Material was provided to the newspaper this summer by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden . The audit found 2,776 incidents of "  unauthorized collection , storage , access to or distribution of legally protected communications , " the Post reported in its story . "  Most were unintended . Many involved failures of due diligence or violations of standard operating procedure . The most serious incidents included a violation of a court order and unauthorized use of data about more than 3,000 Americans and green-card holders , " it said . The paper said most incidents involved unauthorized surveillance of Americans or foreign intelligence targets in the country . The audit was dated May 2012 and looked at the prior 12 months . The NSA responded to the Post 's story , saying "  a variety of factors can cause the numbers of incidents to trend up or down from one quarter to the next . " Factors can include implementation of new procedures , technology or software changes and expanded access . "  The one constant across all of the quarters is a persistent , dedicated effort to identify incidents or risks of incidents at the earliest possible moment , implement mitigation measures wherever possible , and drive the numbers down , " the agency said . The agency released a statement Thursday night defending its programs . "  NSA 's foreign intelligence collection activities are continually audited and overseen internally and externally , " it said . "  When NSA makes a mistake in carrying out its foreign intelligence mission , the agency reports the issue internally and to federal overseers -- and aggressively gets to the bottom of it . " Snowden stepped forward publicly in June to claim responsibility for leaking to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . The agency also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , he said . He fled first to Hong Kong and then to Russia before Moscow granted him temporary asylum despite pressure from the Obama administration to return him to the United States to face charges . He has been charged with three felony counts , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act , for the leaks . NSA : We read .00004 % of Web traffic	Citing an internal audit , The Washington Post counts 2,776 violations Material was provided to the newspaper by NSA leaker Edward Snowden NSA says it tries to identify incidents "  at the earliest possible moment ... drive numbers down "
CNN  -- Cheryl Morse was 19 years old when she hitchhiked more than 700 miles from Chicago , Illinois , to Bethel , New York . She was determined to make it to the Woodstock music festival . An estimated 400,000 people attended the Woodstock music festival in Bethel , New York , in August 1969 . Although Morse , now 59 , no longer recalls details such as how long it took to get there or what food , if any , she ate , she still vividly remembers the music . When Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young opened their set with "  Suite : Judy Blue Eyes , " she said the energy in the crowd was intoxicating . And she can still picture folk musicians Arlo Guthrie and Joan Baez performing in the rain Friday night . "  It was like being totally shut off from the rest of the world for three days , with nonstop music by world-class musicians playing their hearts out ... for our party , " she said . Forty years later , the Woodstock Music and Arts Fair remains a major cultural touchstone . Held in Bethel on August 15 , 16 and 17 , 1969 , the music festival welcomed some of the biggest musicians of the era and legions of fans from across the United States . Despite the concert 's size -- an estimated 400,000 people attended the festival -- it seems the idea of Woodstock is bigger than the actual event was . It is remembered as a peace - and love-filled celebration , an out-of-this-world experience fueled by rock 'n' roll music and copious drugs . See Woodstock 40 years ago , and what the site looks like today " Like many others , it was n't until Morse left the festival grounds and re-entered the outside world that she began to realize Woodstock 's impact . She stopped at a local market on her way out of town and saw news coverage of the festival on television . "  Until -LSB- then -RSB- , I had not thought about the outside world at all , " Morse said . "  That was when I slowly began to comprehend the impact the gathering was having on the country . " Woodstock , Morse explained , "  came at a pivotal point in history , " when the Vietnam War and subsequent anti-war movement were in full swing . The festival , a massive event that was largely peaceful and free of riots , was considered exceptional for the time . Years later , Morse realized that Woodstock "  would never be forgotten , " she said . "  It took you 10 years to realize you were part of history , " said Lenny Eisenberg , who made the journey to Bethel to see Jimi Hendrix perform . "  At the time , it was just another great show . " Part of the concert 's lasting power was fueled by the Oscar-winning documentary "  Woodstock , " which also led to a blurred perception of the festival , Eisenberg said . "  I have some distorted ideas of what happened , " he said . Still , Eisenberg recalls Hendrix 's performance that famously closed the festival on Monday morning . The aspiring photographer saved one of the three rolls of film he brought with him to document the guitarist 's set . The wait was worth it , he said . Eisenberg captured several shots of Hendrix , including one of the guitarist with his middle finger in the air , seconds after he flashed a peace sign to the audience . iReport.com : See Eisenberg 's photos "  It 's really hard to pin down a best memory , " said Thomas Burke , who was 19 years old when he went to Woodstock . "  The whole place was a memory . " Burke still has his Woodstock tickets along with the check his mother wrote for them . His memories from the event are fond , but fuzzy . "  I remember some of the acts , but not the order or where I was when they played , " he said . He recalls seeing Richie Havens and Jefferson Airplane , and ca n't forget Hendrix 's legendary performance of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " "  Woodstock marked a big turning point in my life , " said Burke , who was drafted into the Army soon after returning home from the festival . "  It was a fitting end to the '60s . " "  It was the experience of a lifetime . I 've always been proud of the fact that I was there , " said Ralph Chin . He remembers the rain and mud , nonstop music , free-flowing drugs and conversations with strangers . For Chin , nothing can recapture Woodstock . "  I went to a couple other festivals after Woodstock , but they fell short on the overall feeling , " he said . iReport.com : ` The experience of a lifetime ' "  Woodstock was like a big party with all your friends there , whereas the festivals afterward felt more like you were an independent entity and had no connections to anyone else . " "  I think it was the ultimate spontaneous thing . It just happened , " said John Laferlita , a photographer who attended Woodstock at 23 . Laferlita heard about the festival on the radio and thought , "  Why not ? " He hopped on a bus from Manhattan , New York , on Saturday , with little more than his camera and tickets . Like many others , he slept on the ground that night . "  There has n't been anything like it , " added Laferlita . "  Everything else is planned to the minute , but this was spontaneous . That 's what made it so special . "	As Woodstock celebrates 40 years , the music festival still looms large Memories of the event are distorted by media coverage , movies , some say "  It took 10 years to realize you were part of history , " said Lenny Eisenberg iReport.com : Were you at Woodstock ? Share your memories , photos
CNN  -- Perhaps the blog VentureBeat put it best : "  Twitter appears to have a problem sharing friends . " Twitter on Wednesday pulled access to a friend-finding feature that let Tumblr users search for contacts on Twitter who also use that blogging platform , Tumblr said in a statement . Tumblr users still can find friends using Facebook and Google . It 's just the latest news in the saga concerning what critics say is Twitter 's inability to play nice with its friends on the Internet . The social platform , once known for its openness , has been putting up walls around its service to make it more difficult for other sites and apps to access its data . Twitter largely has been mum on its motives for these changes , but some people have defended the company , saying it has to take control of its data to turn a profit . Twitter founders unveil new blogging tool "  I do n't think people understand that Twitter is a start-up that has to make money , not a non-profit-up , " New York Times writer Nick Bilton said on Twitter . Tumblr is not happy about the most recent change . "  To our dismay , Twitter has restricted our users ' ability to ` Find Twitter Friends ' on Tumblr , " a spokeswoman said in a statement . "  Given our history of embracing their platform , this is especially upsetting . "  Our syndication feature is responsible for hundreds of millions of tweets , and we eagerly enabled Twitter Cards across 70 million blogs and 30 billion posts as one of Twitter 's first partners . While we 're delighted by the response to our integrations with Facebook and Gmail , we are truly disappointed by Twitter 's decision . " In July , Twitter revoked friend-finding access to the photo-sharing app Instagram , which is owned by Facebook . And it restricted the professional network LinkedIn , too . "  Consistent with Twitter 's evolving platform efforts , Tweets will no longer be displayed on LinkedIn starting later today , " LinkedIn wrote in June blog post . "  We know many of you value Twitter as an additional way to broadcast professional content beyond your LinkedIn connections . Moving forward , you will still be able to share your updates with your Twitter audience by posting them on LinkedIn . " Twitter also announced changes last week to some of the rules governing the way it shares data about its users with other sites . They go into effect in six months . The company , which acquired Tumblr 's competitor , Posterous , in March , issued the following statement to CNN via e-mail : "  Some folks covering this have pointed to our comment from the Instagram situation .  ` We understand that there 's great value associated with Twitter 's follow graph data , and we can confirm that it is no longer available within Instagram . '  We do n't have anything to share beyond that . " What 's next for the Rich Kids of Instagram ? Twitter 's recent moves have been met with considerable criticism . "  This reeks of grade-school drama , " Jennifer Van Grove of VentureBeat wrote in reference to the Tumblr friend-finder change . "  It 's the second instance of Twitter acting like a bully and refusing to share its friends on the social networking playground . " Matt Buchanan , the BuzzFeed writer who predicted that Twitter would block Tumblr 's friend-find feature , writes that all of these changes are confusing for developers of Twitter apps . Twitter increasingly sees these apps as competition , he writes . "  It 's easy enough to say that the One Rule to Rule Them All is , ` Do n't compete with Twitter . ' Which is fine and dandy , because it 's all for the greater good of Twitter or whatever . The problem is that it 's real easy to be a valuable , contributing member of the ecosystem today and then tomorrow find out that you 're now competition waiting to be crushed . " The Next Web said , "  This is part of Twitter turning the screws on sharing information about the users of its network . " Five ways to annoy people on Twitter	Twitter revokes access to Tumblr sign-in feature The social platform has been cracking down on its online friends Blogger : "  This reeks of grade-school drama " Tumblr : "  We are truly disappointed by Twitter 's decision "
CNN  -- Pat Folsom , 54 , knows the importance of preventive medicine . As a health care worker , she goes for scheduled checkups . So when she went in for a routine dental exam last year , she did n't expect more than a cleaning , maybe a filling . But her dentist found something more serious . "  She told me I had a lesion on my cheek and that it needed to be checked , " Folsom said . "  After a lot of tests , they found it was oral cancer . " Folsom was surprised . "  I thought surely this was a mistake . I never smoked , I never drank heavily , and I never had a family history of this . How could this be ? " she asked . About 34,000 new U.S. cases of oral cancer are diagnosed each year , and the numbers are rising , according to the Oral Cancer Foundation . Although oral cancer has primarily been a man 's illness , affecting six men for every woman , the foundation says that over the past 10 years , that ratio has become two men to each woman . The foundation attributes the rise to the increase in the number of women who smoke and drink excessively , because both tobacco and alcohol trigger oral cancer . But there is another factor . In some cases , women are being found to have oral cancer caused by HPV , or the human papillomavirus  version 16  . Different versions of HPV are present in most cases of cervical cancer . Like cervical cancer , in oral cancer cases , the virus is transferred through sexual activity . Watch more on the HPV-oral cancer link Based on recent data , the Oral Cancer Foundation believes in people under the age of 50 , HPV may even be replacing tobacco as the primary cause of the spread of oral cancer . Folsom was shocked when she heard her cancer contained HPV cells . "  I said , ` What ? How is that possible ? ' " she exclaimed . "  But doctors told me that it might have been caused by something I did , years and years ago . It could actually show up later and cause the cancer . " MayoClinic.com : Mouth cancer HPV causes irregular cells to multiply , The virus thrives in a moist , dark environment , said Dr. Youssef Obeid , a prosthodontist and director of Obeid Dental in Bethesda , Maryland . Prosthodontists specialize in tooth replacement , jaw restructuring , disease and injuries to the mouth . "  The mouth is a perfect place for it to grow . " By transferring the virus during oral sex , it stays in the mouth and causes lesions . Many eventually turn cancerous . "  It 's something we are very much aware of and look for , especially in women , " he said . Folsom was lucky . Her dentist caught the cancer before it spread , a fact that Folsom attributes to her biannual checkups . When found early , oral cancer patients have an 80 to 90 percent survival rate . A good dentist will look for possible signs of oral cancer by checking the cheeks , the tongue , the tonsils and the larynx for possible lesions , says the American Dental Association . "  That 's why we ask the patients simple things , to move your tongue , move it sideways , stick your tongue out , say ahhh , " Obeid said . ' "  We want to get a good view of the mouth . " MayoClinic.com : HPV infection Since Folsom 's cancer was diagnosed in March 2008 , she 's undergone surgery and has had about four months of radiation . She is still in rehabilitation to help her chew and open her mouth wider . She uses a mouth exerciser that helps her stretch the muscles that were affected by her operation . She also went through rehab when she broke her collarbone after her radiation treatments , because her bones had become so brittle . "  It just snapped one day , " she said with a shrug . "  That 's part of the side effects from the radiation . It affects your bones . " Her other side effects are minor . She constantly has dry mouth and carries water with her everywhere . She avoids anything spicy or acidic , because it can sting the area where the cancer was removed . She lost almost 50 pounds after the surgery because she could n't eat . In some ways she considers the weight loss a good thing because it also reduced her high blood pressure and she was able to drop that medication . "  For everything , there is a blessing , " she said . Although Folsom is cancer free now , she said she is considering enrolling in a trial that uses a form of the HPV vaccine to prevent patient 's oral cancer from recurring . MayoClinic.com : Chewing tobacco : Not a safe alternative to cigarettes "  It 's been a long road to recovery . But I am very fortunate . I 've had great treatment and great care , " she said . "  But the most important thing is I want women to be aware of oral cancer and make sure they do n't ignore a sore in their mouth , or pain . It could be something , " Folsom said . "  And it needs to be checked out . That checkup can save your life . "	About 34,000 new U.S. cases of oral cancer diagnosed annually ; numbers are rising Chief factors are excessive smoking and drinking Human papillomavirus also sometimes a cause When found early , oral cancer patients have an 80 to 90 percent survival rate
He was -- in every sense of the word -- Hollywood royalty , with critically acclaimed performances in some of the biggest films of the last decade and friendships with A-list actors . Even so , there was something about Phillip Seymour Hoffman that made him so identifiable to so many . What made Hoffman different ? 1 . He made some of our favorite movies Make a list of your all-time favorite films and , chances are , several of Hoffman 's are there . As prolific as he was talented , Hoffman is best-known for his portrayal as writer Truman Capote in the 2005 biopic "  Capote . " It earned him an Academy Award . He also stole the screen in "  The Master , " "  Doubt " and "  Charlie Wilson 's War . " But his films were n't always so serious . Hoffman could wear his roles as light as caps . Remember "  Boogie Nights ? " Or "  Along Came Polly ? " Hoffman was the sort of actor that no matter who else was in the film , or what his part was , if you saw he was in the cast , you knew it had to be good . 2 . Mr. Hollywood , he was not Hoffman was one of us . For all his larger-than-life roles , he had a reputation as a regular guy . He did n't live in a mansion in Hollywood but rather an apartment in New York . He sent his children to public school , and he was routinely seen walking them there , said CNN 's Rose Arce , who lived two blocks from the actor in Manhattan 's Greenwich Village . "  He 'd go quietly about his business with his children , " she said . "  It 's shocking , and I know everyone in the neighborhood is going to feel like they 're missing a friend , like a friend has died . " Hoffman was often seen taking the subway , wearing a ball cap to avoid the paparazzi . 3 . He was an accomplished stage actor Hoffman got his start on the stage while studying drama at New York University , where he was a founding member of the short-lived Bullstoi Ensemble theater company . He earned two Tony nominations , one for best actor in the 2000 revival of Sam Shepard 's "  True West " and another for best actor in the revival of Eugene O'Neill 's "  Long Day 's Journey Into Night . " He was a founding member of the Labyrinth Theater Company , where he served on the board of directors and directed productions . One of the final plays he directed for the company was the 2013 off-Broadway production of "  A Family For All Occasions . " Asked once during a 2008 interview with the IFC network if he thought it would be a challenge to introduce new generations to live theater , he said , "  It might change , it might evolve , but I do n't think it 'll become too niche because the business of theater is still everywhere . " 4 . No part was too small , too weird or too evil Hoffman could play a great leading man , but he shone in smaller parts too and never shied away from playing conflicted -- sometimes downright unlikeable -- characters . Who forget his turn as Freddie Miles in "  The Talented Mr. Ripley ? " Or as a creepy gamemaster in the latest "  Hunger Games " movie ? The near perfect villain in "  Mission : Impossible III ? " Hoffman knew how and when to let others have the spotlight . He was an actor 's actor . 5 . He did n't forget his mom Who does n't love a man who loves his mom ? When Hoffman took the stage to accept his Oscar for best actor for "  Capote , " he remembered his roots . He thanked his mom for taking him to his first play and for doing so much for him and his siblings . "  She brought up four kids alone and she deserves a congratulations for that . Ah , we 're at the party , Ma , you know ? And she took me to my first play and she stayed up with me and watched the NCAA Final Four , and my passions , her passions became my passions . And , you know , be proud , Mom , because I 'm proud of you and we 're here tonight and it 's so good , " Hoffman said . What made you love Hoffman ? Share your take in the comments section below .	He was prolific and talented , but maintained his reputation as a regular guy Hoffman thanked his mom when he won an Oscar for "  Capote " He was an actor 's actor ; he knew how and when to let others have the spotlight
Rolling Stone  -- There are roughly a million Rolling Stones albums , and almost all of them have songs that will drastically improve your life .  Some of them also have "  Angie . "  Where to start ? Where to go after the classics ? Here 's a road map of the good , the great and the "  Angie . " ` Out of Our Heads '  1965 Their great R&B album -- by now the Stones could write their own classics as well as pick them . Mick struts through the grooves with a sullen edge of seduction , his voice dripping with sex , while Keith and Brian keep hitting new twin-guitar highs . Key Track : "  Satisfaction " -- if they quit the day after they cut this , they 'd still be legends . Best Mick Moment : His toweringly soulful version of "  Cry to Me . " The Hottest Live Photos of 2012 ` Let It Bleed '  1969 The Stones luxuriate in darkness and dread , as if they always knew flower power was a scam . If you 're taking just one Stones album to that moon colony , let it be this . Key Track : "  Gim me Shelter , " a portrait of Sixties turmoil that Keith wrote in 20 minutes . Best Mick Moment : His crazed whoops on "  Let It Bleed , " dripping bodily fluids all over Charlie Watts ' drums . Honky Tonk Man : "  You Got the Silver " was Keith 's first lead vocal on a Stones LP . 500 Greatest Albums of All Time ` Goats Head Soup '  1973 Since this was the follow-up to "  Exile , " everyone expected more raw , uncut , filthy rock & roll . Instead , everyone got "  Angie " and a load of hippie-mom wind-chime ambience . Key Track : "  Star Star . " Is this the first song about a groupie with a sex tape ? Best Mick Moment : You know what ? "  Angie " is f ------ awesome . Nobody else in a million years would have tried to get away with that "  let me whisper in your eeeaaar " bit . 100 Greatest Artists of All Time ` Some Girls '  1978 The band 's all-time bestseller . It put the Stones back on top , with Mick dishing about the New York rock-star high life . Key Track : "  Shattered . " Key lines : "  Laughter , joy and loneliness/And sex and sex and sex and sex . " Best Keith Moment : "  Before They Make Me Run , " a defiant statement of the What Would Keef Do ? lifestyle . Girls , Girls , Girls : Keith was once asked why the album was called Some Girls . His reply : "  Because we could n't remember their f ------ names . " 100 Greatest Guitarists ' A Bigger Bang '  2005 The Stones took their time with this one , as if they had something to prove . Their toughest album in a long time . Key Track : "  Sweet Neo Con , " where Mick rips Republicans a new one . Best Keith Moment : "  Infamy . " If he ever decides he wants to start doing LPs of cocktail ballads , he could give Rod Stewart a run for his money . Fresh Ones : The guys wanted new songs to play live , even if fans did n't . "  They say , ' I much prefer to hear ` Brown Sugar , ' " Mick said . "  Well , I do n't give a s -- what you prefer . " To see the full list of albums , go to RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Since "  Goats Head Soup " was the follow-up to "  Exile , " everyone expected it to be more raw "  Some Girls " is the band 's all-time bestseller ; it put the Stones back on top The Stones took their time with "  A Bigger Bang , " as if they had something to prove
Gary , Indiana  CNN  -- Darren Deon Vann was no stranger to police . Even before police caught up with him this weekend , Vann 's record was well-established . He had gone to jail at least twice before on felony convictions . But -- if authorities are to be believed -- his time behind bars did n't prove much of a deterrent . Authorities went after the 43-year-old Vann this weekend in connection with the death of 19-year-old Afrikka Hardy at a Motel 6 in Hammond , Indiana . Not only did he confess to that killing , but police said Vann also admitted to six other women 's deaths . Police said he led them to the women 's bodies in abandoned structures in Gary , Indiana . "  It disgusts me , because it 's seven bodies , " said Ronnie Williams , a resident of the Gary neighborhood where most of the victims were found . Police : Abandoned structures searched Vann had an initial court appearance related to Hardy 's killing on Wednesday morning , but was held in contempt of court when he refused to answer the judge 's questions . Vann was represented by a state-appointed public defender , Matthew Fech . There 's much more that 's not known publicly about Vann , in fact , than is known . Like , what is his background ? What did he do for a living ? Why -- if it is proven he killed these seven women -- would he do such a thing ? What is known that Vann was born in Indiana but did n't stay there his whole life . Records , for instance , show he was arrested on unspecified charges while living in Cherry Point , North Carolina , in 1993 . It was in the 1990s that Edward Matlock first got to know Vann . Vann had married Matlock 's mother , who was about 30 years older than Vann . Matlock said he was n't comfortable or happy with his mother 's marriage , which lasted 16 years . Part of it had to do with the age difference between the couple . Then there were Matlock 's observations that Vann talked to himself or sometimes seemed lost in thought , in addition to stories he heard about Vann spending time in a rough part of Austin , Texas , where the pair had moved . "  The guy is a nutcase . He is . And I 'd watch him , " Matlock told CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield . "  I 'd never allow him near my kids or in my home , because he just freaked me out . " Matlock said things "  went downhill " for Vann after he got fired from a temp agency , adding he had trouble finding good work after that . Eventually , Vann and Matlock 's mother moved from Austin to Gary , Indiana , where Matlock said he found them "  living in poverty . " Gary was where Vann had his first major brush with the law : in April 2004 , with a woman  who was n't Matlock 's mother  who police described as Vann 's girlfriend . According to a police affidavit tied to that incident , Vann threatened to burn down or blow up the home of a man who he believed was sheltering his girlfriend . Then , in front of police , he "  grabbed  his girlfriend  and told the police to back up or he would burn himself and  the girlfriend  , " the affidavit stated . With his left arm around the woman 's neck and his right hand holding a gasoline can and lighter , Vann refused her requests for freedom -- right up until police grabbed and arrested him . Vann was charged with a class D felony , and spent 90 days behind bars after his conviction . At some point after his release , Vann went back to Austin . That 's where , in December 2007 , he was arrested again , this time for aggravated sexual assault . According to the affidavit out of Travis County , a 25-year-old woman responding to "  a service call from her employer " met Vann and the two went to an apartment . After they got inside , "  Vann asked her if she was a police officer and she told him that she was not , " the affidavit said . "  Vann then attacked her . " The court document details how Vann choked , repeatedly struck and raped the woman . A grand jury indicted him in July 2008 . He pleaded guilty and was convicted in September 2009 and sentenced to five years in prison . That led to -- accounting for time served -- his release on July 5 , 2013 , according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark . Again , Vann did n't stay put for long after getting out of jail . He registered as a sex offender in prison , then told officials there that he would move back to Gary , Indiana . Texas authorities alerted their colleagues in Lake County , Indiana , that Vann was to be considered a "  low risk " sex offender , which is based on experts ' assessment of the likelihood that a person will commit another sexual offense . In the 15 months since Vann left Texas , police said , Vann killed seven women , with six of their bodies found in some of the estimated 10,000 abandoned structures in Gary . There may have been more victims , police said . After Hardy was found strangled in a Motel 6 bathtub , authorities used cellular phone records to track down Vann on Saturday , along with the blue Jeep he 'd been driving . Police said Vann also had Hardy 's pink phone and other potentially key pieces of evidence . Police said Vann confessed , telling them he "  messed up " and expressing surprise he had been found so quickly , Hammond Police Chief John Doughty said . A short time later , he led authorities to the six other victims . Authorities have not detailed what relationship , if any , Vann had with the victims .  In fact , police have only identified four of those killed so far . As for why , Doughty said , "  I do n't have a specific reason he does this . " Vann 's next court appearance is scheduled for October 29 at the Lake County jail in Crown Point . CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ed Payne , Marina Carver , Sonia Moghe , Stephanie Gallman , Haimy Assefa and Renee Wunderlich contributed to this report .	Police say Darren Deon Vann admitted to killing 7 women in northern Indiana He was arrested for threatening to burn up his girlfriend in 2004 ; got 90 days in jail Vann was convicted of aggravated sexual assault in Texas for raping , hitting woman Authorities later categorized him as a "  low-risk " sex offender ; he moved back to Indiana
CNN  -- He was the all-action American daredevil who was loved by all that knew him -- but Nick Mevoli 's premature death after an ambitious dive has hit the freediving community hard . "  You do n't meet many people like Nick , " his close friend Grant Graves told CNN . "  He was the best diver in the U.S. -- the best . "  He was one of a kind , " added Graves . "  I 'd known him for two years and judged him too -- and he was the best . " Shock and sadness are the two overriding emotions which have surfaced since the man considered to be one of the best freedivers in the world lost his life while doing the thing he loved . The 32-year-old Mevoli , who lived in Brooklyn , New York , had hoped to reach 72 meters  236 feet  with one breath of oxygen without the assistance of fins . When he surfaced , he flashed the OK sign , before losing consciousness soon after , organizers said . William Trubridge , who organized the nine-day tournament canceled the event following Mevoli 's death . Mevoli was going for a record at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas . At 202 meters  663 feet  , it is considered the world 's deepest blue hole -- an underwater cave or sinkhole -- in seawater . Freedivers are extreme athletes , descending more than 100 meters -- the equivalent of a 30-storey building -- without using an oxygen tank . At that depth , the diver 's heart rate begins to slow , their blood vessels shrink and their lungs compress to the size of oranges under the huge force of water pressure . . The night before Mevoli died he sat and spoke with Graves . For both men , free diving was an overriding passion and they spent countless hours together talking through their dives , their lives , what lay ahead and what lay below . "  Nick was one of a kind . He was an incredibly passionate and driven man -- but he was also kind with it , " added Graves . "  He was very sensitive and deep but he had this pitbull-like tenacity about him . "  We had lots of deep conversations . With diving a lot of it is about the mental aspect . " Mevoli , who was born in Florida , worked in the television industry while he pursuing his freediving hobby in his spare time . After making his first foray into competitions in 2012 , he claimed second place at the inaugural Caribbean Cup in Roatan , first place at the Deja Blue tournament in CuraÃ § ao , and a silver medal in constant no fins at this year 's AIDA Depth World Championship in Greece . In May , Mevoli became the first American man to dive down to 100 meters with a single breath -- an achievement which brought him a third national record . "  When he did mess up then he 'd get really angry at himself and he was harsh on himself , " said Graves . "  He was a guy who was very much in the moment . He wore his heart on his sleeve in a balanced way . "  He could feel very deeply but would always manage to put that to the side when diving . He was so focused . " Photographer Lia Barnett worked with Mevoli at the Caribbean Cup in Honduras earlier this year . "  He was just an all round good guy , " Barett told CNN . "  He was very altruistic . He cared about others a great deal and did a lot of volunteering and was much loved by everybody . " According to Graves , Mevoli 's death is the first to occur in competition in 21 years . "  We are very sad to report that earlier today Nicholas Mevoli  USA  tragically lost his life after a CNF dive to 72m , " said Vertical Blue , which organized the competition , in a statement on its website . "  He was conscious when he surfaced but then blacked-out more than 30 seconds later . Emergency procedures were followed and despite receiving immediate medical attention , he failed to regain consciousness . "  At the moment we are all extremely shocked and saddened and trying to establish what happened . His family has been informed and all our thoughts and prayers are with them . "  Competition freediving has an enviable safety record but the sport can never be risk-free , something understood by all freedivers . "  We will give more details as soon as they emerge . " Vertical Blue , the competition organizers , paid its own tribute to Mevoli . A statement on its website read : "  At the end we honored his 32 years with a white-water celebration that echoed the celebrations of his many incredible dives . " Watch what freediving looks like Photos : Pushing the limits of freediving	Nick Mevoli died Sunday while freediving in the Bahamas Mevoli had hoped to reach a depth of 72 meters He lost consciousness after he surfaced Friends pay tribute to "  the best " diver in the U.S.
EW.com  -- Nine years after "  Bruce Almighty , " Universal is plotting a second coming .  Or technically a third . EW has confirmed a Variety report that the studio has plans to reunite Jim Carrey with the "  Yes Man " writers  Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel  for a new chapter in the life of the newscaster who is handed God 's powers and responsibilities after complaining about the big man 's negligence . The 2003 film , which co-starred Morgan Freeman as God , Jennifer Aniston as Bruce 's wife , and Steve Carell as his hated rival , grossed more than $ 484 million worldwide , making it Carrey 's biggest hit . This would n't be the first "  Bruce " sequel ; "  Evan Almighty " attempted to hand the reins over to Carell 's character , but that expensive , effects-heavy 2007 film underperformed and barely grossed $ 100 million . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW has confirmed that Universal has plans to reunite Jim Carrey with the "  Yes Man " writers The 2003 film co-starred Morgan Freeman as God , Jennifer Aniston as Bruce 's wife "  Evan Almighty " attempted to hand the reins over to Steve Carell 's character
CNN  -- Rust-colored oil washed ashore on barrier islands off Alabama and Mississippi on Tuesday , while more patches of crude offshore appeared to be moving toward those states ' coasts , authorities reported . Researchers scrambled to clean up tar balls and puddles of oil from the beaches of Alabama 's Dauphin Island , while a strip of oil about two miles long and three feet wide stretched along Petit Bois Island , about five miles away off Mississippi , Gov. Haley Barbour 's office reported . It marked the first time oil has hit Mississippi 's shores since the largest oil spill in U.S. history erupted in late April . And while tar balls associated with the Gulf spill had hit Dauphin Island , about 35 miles south of Mobile , in early May , residents said that Tuesday was the first time they had seen oil hitting the beach . Only part of the island 's beaches have been lined with protective booms , with much of those barriers lined up near a protected wildlife area on the west end of the island . Annette Engel , a Louisiana State University researcher on Dauphin Island , said the oil is believed to be from BP 's ruptured well off Louisiana . She predicted much more would be hitting the coast in coming days -- but vacationers remained on the beach , and some were still swimming in the blue-green waters as the cleanup continued . And researchers from the Dauphin Island Sea Lab spotted large patches of the reddish-brown "  weathered " oil during a water-sampling expedition offshore Tuesday , said John Dindo , the laboratory 's associate director . Dindo said the oil spots on the water ranged from the size of a half-dollar coin to 30 to 40 feet . A half-dozen boats could be seen skimming oil off the surface about 13 miles south of the island , he said . However , "  They were covering a very , very small spot in the ocean compared to what we saw , " he said . The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration had warned earlier this week that the spreading slick from an undersea BP oil well was heading toward the Alabama and Mississippi coasts . Dindo said tides in the area are running east and winds have been out of the southwest , driving the oil toward beach towns on the eastern side of Mobile Bay . Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said earlier Tuesday that authorities were investigating reports that the outer sheen of oil was reaching coastal waters off Mississippi and Alabama , but said those reports had not been confirmed . "  We 've dispatched survey teams to see what the impact is out there , and to the extent that is required , we 'll move resources that direction , " Allen , the federal government 's national incident commander , told reporters in New Orleans , Louisiana . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Large patches of oil offshore NEW : Nearby Mississippi island also hit Protective booms cover only part of the Alabama island Feds checking out spill , Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen says
CNN  -- Think that President Barack Obama has done a back flip on Iraq and Syria , gotten that old-time religion and is now a convert to the "  let 's kill them wherever we find them " approach of his predecessors ? Think again , or at least lay down until the feeling passes . Indeed , stripped to its essence , what the President has outlined is n't some grand strategy to transform the region or even to "  ultimately destroy " ISIS ; it 's a much narrower transactional one to protect the homeland . And here 's why : The speech the President gave is quite consistent with who he is and what his priorities have been all along , particularly relating to counterterrorism . Sure he 's now morphed from a desire to avoid militarizing the U.S. role in Syria to a new willingness to do so . But the reason he 's traveled down that road is critical . It 's not some ideological crusade , fascination with nation-building or democratization of a new Middle East . ISIS now poses a threat to the homeland , a contingency that could not only directly threaten Americans but destroy his presidency as well . And the one area where Obama has been prepared to be ready to take on risk is in counterterrorism . Anti-terrorist in chief Indeed , it 's hardly a secret and it is a disappointment to many of his own supporters that this President long ago morphed into a much more disciplined and risk-ready anti-terrorist than his predecessor . He doubled down in Afghanistan ; used drones 10 times more than President George W. Bush  431 targeted killings  ; authorized the mission that killed Osama bin Laden ; dismantled much of al Qaeda central ; and has been involved in a giant game of Whack-a-Mole these past six years against bad guys from Pakistan to Yemen and Somalia . ISIS might not be a threat to the homeland now . According to the State Department 's Annual Report on Terrorism for 2013 , there were 17,891 global fatalities because of terror ; only 16 Americans were among them . But who knows how ISIS might direct its efforts in the future ? It 's richer , smarter and more capable than al Qaeda in many respects . And there 's quite a bit of time left on Obama 's presidential clock . He simply can not afford to play loose on this issue . Indeed he must be perceived and in fact deliver on doing everything he possibly can to preempt and prevent ISIS from striking here or in the region against Americans . He was n't 20 seconds intro his speech before he said the following : "  As commander in chief , my highest priority is the security of the American people . " And the polls demonstrate pretty conclusively that ISIS is on America 's radar screen and people see it as a real threat . Grand strategy ? Not really We 'd love to believe that all parts of the strategy the President laid out Wednesday night can work seamlessly in pursuit of that ultimate presidential responsibility . But it 's hard to imagine they will . Securing an end state in Iraq and Syria that will somehow lead to good governance and reduce the grievances on which ISIS feeds seems a real stretch . It wo n't happen quickly , easily or probably at all , certainly not without Syrians and Iraqis taking real ownership . And getting a bunch of constrained Sunni Arab allies on board who seem at odds with one another -- namely Saudi Arabia , Egypt and the UAE on the one hand and Qatar and Turkey on the other -- also seems very unlikely . Certainly plans to get Arabs on the ground to actually fight against ISIS -- now bandied about by some very smart people -- are also a bridge too far . Providing bases and money to train Syrians to fight , sure ; sharing intelligence , absolutely . But we need to keep our expectations very low . Any kind of Sunni Arab state coalition of the willing actually willing to enter the fight against ISIS on the ground seems like a fanciful scene out of a bad Hollywood movie . The only way the Arab states are willing to fight ISIS ? To the last American . Is the enemy of my enemy my friend ? Iran is another problematic piece of the puzzle -- and was not mentioned at all in the President 's speech . The administration has a short-term coincidence of interest with Iran against ISIS . We 've seen this movie before in the first Gulf War in the early 1990s when Iran condemned Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait and in Afghanistan in 2001 , when elements of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps were on the ground training and fighting alongside U.S. Special Operations forces to bolster the Northern Alliance . But the emphasis should be the on short term . Tehran has a different vision for Iraq and Syria than we do . Consider the machinations in Baghdad over the past decade by Qassem Suleimani , head of the Qods Force . So any notion that the enemy of my enemy is my friend just does n't add up in this case . Iran is n't America 's friend . Whether the administration can fashion an effective fighting force out of scores of Syrian militias is a very arguable proposition . Let 's road test it . But it will take time . In the interim , we will have enough difficulty operating against ISIS on our own without good intelligence and special forces on the ground , and getting at ISIS in the midst of a civil war . In the end , whether this approach works or not , the essence of the President 's policy will end up being driven by U.S. air power : Destroy ISIS from the air , certainly as they move across the border into Iraq and then as the intel improves , attack them in Syria , too , and empower our new allies to do so on the ground . After more than a decade of the war on terror against al Qaeda , if you asked us what the most immediate threat to the continental United States is , we would n't say ISIS . We 'd say al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula with its demonstrated capacity to make bombs and to try to attack America . Our point is n't to deny the success of counterterrorism efforts ; it 's to suggest that hitting one jihadist group usually means that affiliates and derivatives emerge . And that 's likely to happen even with great success against ISIS . This really is the long war . Fighting these people is like breathing . You just ca n't stop . We think the President gets all this . And frankly , there really is n't much more he could have said or in fact much more he could be doing . In the end , this is not about grand plans , designs and hopes to transform the Middle East -- one broken , angry and dysfunctional region of the world . For America , it 's about how to continue our track record : no al Qaeda-directed attacks on U.S. soil in 13 years . You can dress it up all you want with allies , coalitions , political reforms and inclusiveness . But Obama knows that in the end when stripped to its essence , it 's about killing bad guys before they have a chance to kill us .	Has President Obama reverted to George W. Bush 's policy on terrorism and the Middle East ? Aaron Miller says the President instead is narrowly focused on preventing homeland terrorism He says Obama long ago put his faith in counterterrorism , including drone strikes Obama knows his presidency will be judged partly on whether he kept U.S. safe , Miller says
CNN  -- Germaphobes , take heed : This video may be your worst nightmare . Posted Monday to YouTube , it features a parade of wedding guests taking turns swigging from a bottle of Fireball Cinnamon Whisky taped to a GoPro camera . The beaming couple 's groomsmen , bridesmaids , family and friends each down a bit of the liquid courage , culminating in the bride taking the last sip . It was being widely shared online Tuesday . It 's not clear from the clip when or where the wedding took place . But it 's a sweet show of support for the couple that features drinkers young and old -- and some guy holding a baby . Can you feel the love ... and the burn ? .	GoPro camera taped to a bottle of Fireball captures wedding guests swigging Comments on YouTube focused on whether guests were exchanging germs
CNN  -- A man shot this month when a gunman opened fire inside a busy Toronto shopping mall died as a result of his injuries Monday , raising the death toll from that shooting to two , police said . The name of the second victim , a 22-year-old man , can not be released because of a court-ordered publication ban , Toronto police said in a statement . The first victim , Ahmed Hassan , 24 , died the day of the shooting , June 2 . Gunfire started around 6:25 p.m. that day , as people were eating dinner in the crowded food court area of the Eaton Centre mall in downtown Toronto . Seven people were shot , while a pregnant woman was "  stomped on " in the resulting frenzy , Detective Sgt. Brian Borg , the lead investigator in the case , has said . A suspect , Christopher Husbands , surrendered to authorities and is currently in custody . He faces one count of first-degree murder and six counts of attempted murder , according to police . Husbands , 23 , was supposed to be under house arrest when police say he went to the mall and opened fire .	A 22-year-old man dies as a result of his injuries , police say Christopher Husbands is accused of opening fire in a busy Toronto mall this month He was supposed to be under house arrest at the time of the shooting
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday that he wants a delay in a referendum on whether certain eastern Ukrainian residents want sovereignty from Kiev and that presidential elections scheduled for this month are "  a step in the right direction . " But he said that the planned May 25 presidential vote Kiev wants to hold would "  not solve anything unless all of Ukraine 's people first understand how their rights will be guaranteed " once the election has taken place . The comments , according to a transcript published by the Kremlin , came after Putin met with the chairman of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . Separatists in Ukraine 's Donetsk region have scheduled a referendum for Sunday . Putin called for the delay "  in order to give this dialogue the conditions it needs to have a chance . " He said that direct talks between Kiev authorities and representatives of the pro-Russian sympathizers in southeast Ukraine were key to settling the escalating crisis . Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk dismissed Putin 's comments on the referendum as "  hot air . " "  There is no point in dealing in hot air , especially for the President of a big country . Since Russia is asking to postpone some referendum on May 11 , I think the Russian President needs to be informed that there was no referendum planned on May 11 in Ukraine to begin with . "  But if terrorists and separatists supported by Russia got an order to postpone something that does n't exist , then this is an internal matter , " he said . In March , voters in Ukraine 's Crimea Peninsula approved a controversial referendum to secede from Ukraine and join Russia , which subsequently annexed the Crimea region . That event highlighted the turmoil rocking Ukraine . Meanwhile , NATO has "  no indication " that Russia has moved its troops from the Ukrainian border , a NATO military official said Wednesday on the condition of anonymity . White House deputy press secretary Josh Earnest echoed that . "  There is not evidence to date that there has been a meaningful and transparent withdrawal of Russian forces from the Ukrainian border , " he told reporters . The comments came after Putin said Wednesday that Russian forces are "  now not on the Ukrainian border but are carrying out their regular exercises at the test grounds . " Putin spoke after a meeting with OSCE chairman Didier Burkhalter . Also from the White House , President Barack Obama notified Congress he intends to withdraw Russia 's eligibility for trade benefits under the Generalized System of Preferences . "  Russia is sufficiently advanced economically that it no longer warrants preferential treatment reserved for less advanced developing countries , consistent with the requirements of the GSP program , " the White House said in a statement . Violence in southeastern Ukraine Also Wednesday , Putin spoke about the release of pro-Moscow movement leader Pavel Gubarev , who was arrested on March 6 for leading an occupation of the regional administration office . "  We welcome the release ... but we hope to see all the other political prisoners released , too . We think the most important thing now is to launch direct dialogue , genuine , full-fledged dialogue between the Kiev authorities and representatives of southeast Ukraine , " he said . Elsewhere , five pro-Russian activists were killed overnight when Ukrainian forces attacked barricades on the outskirts of Ukraine 's southeastern city of Mariupol , a spokeswoman for the pro-Russian camp said . Ukrainian forces detained 15 other activists , Irina Voropaeva said . The violence comes amid an escalation of tensions as Ukrainian forces seek to regain control of some of the administrative buildings seized by pro-Russian separatists in a swath of the country 's south and east . The activists briefly abandoned the Mariupol City Council building , according to Voropaeva . But the security forces remained in the building for only a short time , saying they had been ordered to leave . The activists re-entered , and Russian and regional flags went back up , to the cheers of the crowd outside . Later Wednesday , witnesses told CNN that Ukrainian forces dressed in black had fired over the heads of separatists who had gone to a Mariupol police station to demand the release of the 15 detained activists . The witnesses said several people were taken away in ambulances . Elsewhere in the volatile Donetsk region , an uneasy standoff continued Wednesday between the Ukrainian military and the separatists . Both sides clashed at the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk on Monday . Ukraine 's security services said 30 "  heavily armed " militants had been killed in recent days as part of the "  anti-terrorist " operation in the area . Referendum plan As the tensions rise , uncertainty reigns . The eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions had said they would hold a referendum on autonomy Sunday , but there have been no visible preparations for a vote . In Kiev , the interim government plans to hold presidential elections on May 25 , but it acknowledges it has lost control of part of the country . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Tuesday said it would be "  unusual " to hold a presidential election in the country when the army was being deployed against the population . "  In the situation where they use the army against their own population , it 's quite unusual . This is not Afghanistan ; this is a completely different situation , " he said , adding that constitutional reforms promised by Kiev 's new leaders would not be implemented in time for the vote . Lavrov , speaking after a meeting of Council of Europe foreign ministers in Austria , also ruled out holding a second international meeting in a bid to defuse the crisis in Ukraine , saying that the provisions of a first international pact signed in Geneva , Switzerland , last month had yet to be put into force . The agreement called on all parties to refrain from violence and required illegal armed groups to disarm and vacate seized public buildings . ` Gravest crisis ' Kiev and many in the West believe that the separatists are backed by Moscow and fear that Putin is fomenting trouble to increase his influence in the region . In a briefing to U.S. senators on Tuesday night , the Obama administration provided a "  sobering " assessment of Russia 's intentions in Ukraine , including a concern that Putin will ultimately landlock the former Soviet nation , multiple sources on Capitol Hill and in the Pentagon said . Russia now has its sights set on the southeastern port city of Odessa and will not allow it to stay under Ukrainian control because Moscow views it as too crucial to both trade and the resupply of Russian troops in the occupied Transnistria region of Moldova , the sources said . The ultimate goal would be to create a landlocked Ukraine . In addition , the United States sees no letup in Moscow 's direction of pro-Russian separatists and paramilitaries inside Ukraine and the continuing presence of Russian agents and special forces on the ground , the sources said . But Moscow says that right-wing , ultranationalist groups are behind the violence in Ukraine and that it has no direct influence over the pro-Russian groups . The rising tensions could have an impact far beyond Ukraine 's borders , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned Tuesday . "  Today we are facing the gravest crisis to European security since the end of the Cold War , " he told reporters . "  But this is not just about Ukraine . This crisis has serious implications for the security and stability of the Euro-Atlantic area as a whole . " A week in eastern Ukraine Ukraine crisis : Small numbers , global impact CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Mariupol and journalist Lena Kashkarova from near Donetsk , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Claudia Rebaza , Olga Pavlova , Kellie Morgan and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Ukraine 's acting PM dismisses Putin 's call to postpone a referendum The United States worries Putin will landlock Ukraine , sources say NATO has "  no indication " that Russia moved troops from Ukraine border , source says Putin earlier said Russian forces are "  now not on the Ukrainian border "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Kenneth Bae , an American citizen detained in North Korea for almost two years , said he feels like the U.S. government has abandoned him , according to a pro-North Korea newspaper . Bae gave an interview to Choson Sinbo , a newspaper based in Japan , which has been given access to Bae in the past . The newspaper published a picture of Bae wearing a blue prison garment in an interview that it said took place on July 30 . Bae said that he heard the U.S. government is doing everything it can to have him released and thanked the American and North Korean government for allowing him to speak to his family over the phone and for medical treatment . A written family statement acknowledged the U.S. State Department 's work behind the scenes , but called for "  urgent action " from President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry because of his Bae 's health . "  With Kenneth 's health continuing to deteriorate , we can not afford to wait any longer , " the family said . "  Please do whatever it takes to bring Kenneth home . It is long past time . This is our desperate plea . " Friday is his 42nd birthday , the family said . There is no sign of this issue being solved , according to the paper . The United States is working with Sweden , which represents American interests in North Korea . Bae said he is suffering from several health problems and is worried that his condition will worsen when he returns to a special labor camp soon . Bae was readmitted to a hospital in Pyongyang in March . "  He expressed anxiety that if he is to go back to the labor camp , such symptoms may become worse and said he is stressed that he is unable to pay fees for the hospital treatments , " the newspaper reported . Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . Pyongyang sentenced him last year to 15 years of hard labor , accusing him of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . He is widely reported to have been carrying out Christian missionary work in North Korea . Bae is one of three Americans held in North Korea . Matthew Miller Todd was taken into custody on April 10 and Jeffrey Fowle , from Ohio , was detained in June for breaking a law , according to North Korea 's state news agency . "  The three Americans who are being held in North Korea are a great concern to us . We 've communicated with the North Koreans our concern , " Robert King , special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , told a congressional hearing Wednesday . "  We 've requested repeatedly that they be released on humanitarian grounds . " More on detained Americans North Korea prepares to prosecute 2 American tourists CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Family pleads with Washington to negotiate Kenneth Bae 's release Bae , arrested in November 2012 , remains in North Korea Pro-North Korean paper : Bae feels abandoned by U.S. government Bae says he still suffers medical problems and is worried about going back to labor camp
CNN  -- Jeff Szabo was by his wife 's side when she gave birth to their son Gabriel seven years ago , and he was right there holding Joy 's hand when their younger sons Michael and Daniel were born , too . Jeff Szabo was there when Joy gave birth to  from left  Gabriel , Michael and Daniel , but will probably miss No. 4 . Joy is now eight months pregnant , but when this baby is born , her husband will most likely be more than 300 miles away . The reason : Their local hospital in Page , Arizona , wo n't deliver the Szabos ' baby vaginally as the Szabos wish , so a week or so before her November 21 due date , Joy will drive 350 miles to be near a hospital in Phoenix that will . Their local hospital says they 'll only deliver the Szabos ' baby , another boy , via Caesarean section . Joy had her second son , Michael , by C-section . Page Hospital says it wo n't do a vaginal birth after a woman has had a C-section -- known as a VBAC -- because it has a higher than usual risk for complications . So Joy plans to move to Phoenix in November , while Jeff stays in Page , in far northern Arizona , to take care of their three children and run the family computer business . "  I 'm so upset about this , " Jeff says . "  I 've been there in the delivery room for all the other boys and I wo n't be there for this baby , and I wo n't be there for Joy . " The Szabos and a growing number of other families are facing the choice of Mom having a surgery she does n't want or attempting a vaginal birth at a hospital that , in most cases , would be far away . A mother 's choice The Szabos ' story began in 2004 when she was in labor with Michael . Complications arose and doctors at Page Hospital feared the baby was n't getting enough oxygen , and so they performed an emergency Caesarean section . "  I 'm grateful for that C-section , " Joy says . "  It saved Michael 's life . " Two years later , Szabo had a successful , uncomplicated vaginal delivery with son Daniel at the same hospital . She assumed she could have a vaginal birth this time too , but , she says , a month ago her doctor told her Page Hospital had changed its policy and she 'd have to have a C-section . Studies have shown VBACs carry with them an increased risk of a uterine rupture compared with births in women who 've never had a C-section , but the risk is less than 1 percent , according to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists . The results of a uterine rupture can be devastating : The baby could die or have permanent brain damage . "  I know there 's a risk with a VBAC , but we think the risks of surgery are worse , " Joy Szabo says . C-section risks include breathing problems for the baby and infections and bleeding for the mother , according to the Mayo Clinic . "  And I do n't want to have to recover from surgery when I 'll have four children at home , at least not voluntarily , " says Joy . After their discussion with their doctor , the Szabos made an appointment to speak with Page Hospital 's CEO , Sandy Haryasz . When the couple told her about their desire for a vaginal birth , they say Haryasz would not budge , even telling them she would get a court order if necessary to ensure Joy delivered via C-section . "  I was a bit flabbergasted , because that seemed rather extreme , " Joy says . "  I 'd already had a VBAC at Page and it went fine . And if something happened , I know they can do an emergency C-section , because they did one for Michael . " Conflict over guidelines Michele Grim , a spokeswoman for the hospital , said Haryasz could not comment on her discussion with the Szabos because of patient confidentiality laws . Banner Health , which owns Page Hospital , says it decided to stop performing VBACs at Page when ACOG , the obstetricians ' group , established guidelines for hospitals that Page Hospital was not adequately staffed to satisfy . The ACOG guidelines recommend "  24/7 coverage of both physician and anesthesiologist , " and that "  two physicians be immediately available during the entire period of labor , " Banner Health said in a statement . But ACOG spokesman Gregory Phillips says that 's not what the guidelines say . "  These appear to be Banner 's interpretations of the stated recommendation , " says Gregory Phillips . The ACOG guidelines recommend that doctors consider several factors when determining if a VBAC is possible . For example , two criteria that can be considered are whether there 's physician availability throughout active labor , and whether anesthesia and staff can be available for an emergency C-section . Since the ACOG guidelines came out in 2004 , more and more hospitals have refused to do VBACs . Today , nearly half of hospitals wo n't do VBACs , either because the hospital has banned them or because doctors wo n't do them , according to a survey of nearly 3,000 hospitals by the International Cesarean Awareness Network , a grassroots group that has fought against VBAC bans . Missing his son 's birth To get around the ban , Joy Szabo plans on moving to an apartment in Phoenix in the middle of November . They have no friends or family there , but a doula , or childbirth assistant , will drive her to the hospital when she goes into labor . The Szabos have no option but to separate to get the birth they want , but in other situations , women do n't have to go to such extremes . For example , some women do n't want to be induced into labor , or do n't want an episiotomy . The key is to look around for a doctor or midwife who shares your philosophy by asking questions about their induction rate , or whether they perform episiotomies routinely , according to Carol Sakala , director of programs for the Childbirth Connection , a nonprofit advocacy and education group . Also , choosing the right hospital or birthing center makes a big difference . "  The institution you walk into profoundly affects you , " Sakala says . "  A really good thing is to ask doulas for their recommendations , because they 've worked at multiple hospitals and have a good feel for what happens in each of them . " For more information on getting the birth you want , see these recommendations from Lamaze International . The Szabos know there 's little chance Jeff will make it in time for the birth . "  With our other sons , her labor only lasted three hours . It 'll take me five hours to get to Phoenix , " Jeff says , noting that with three little kids along for the ride , it will take even longer . "  Of course I 'm scared that I wo n't be there , " he adds . "  It 's my job as the dad to make sure the baby 's OK after the birth , to follow him around and make sure he has 10 fingers and 10 toes . Now the chances of that happening are slim to none . " CNN 's Sharisse Scineaux contributed to this report .	One woman plans to travel 350 miles to another city in order to avoid a C-section Hometown hospital says it ca n't meet doctor group 's guidelines for VBACs Group issued guidelines in 2004 ; since then fewer hospitals willing to do VBACs In other cases , patients can ask providers questions to get the birth they want
CNN  -- A man walks into a thrift store . A New Zealand man finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player he bought at a thrift store for $ 9 . It sounds like the opening line to a bad joke . And this case was a bad joke -- for the Pentagon . Chris Ogle of New Zealand was in Oklahoma about a year ago when he bought a used MP3 player from a thrift store for $ 9 . A few weeks ago , he plugged it into his computer to download a song , and he instead discovered confidential U.S. military files . "  The more I look at it , the more I see , and the less I think I should be , " Ogle said with a nervous laugh in an interview with TVNZ . The files included the home addresses , Social Security numbers and cell phone numbers of U.S. soldiers . The player also included what appeared to be mission briefings and lists of equipment deployed to hot spots in Afghanistan and Iraq . Most of the information appears to date to 2005 . The New Zealand journalist who first reported the story was able to contact at least one of the soldiers by dialing a phone number found in the files . He hung up once she explained why she was calling . Watch how man discovered secret military files " Pentagon officials told CNN that they are aware of the MP3 player , but ca n't talk about it until investigators confirm that the information came from the U.S. Department of Defense . "  The government is n't doing a good job of protecting the information that it collects , " said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington . Despite government efforts to protect sensitive information , this is a growing problem , privacy experts say . Two years ago , the Department of Veterans Affairs lost track of a laptop with the personal information of millions of soldiers . And computer hard drives with classified military information have been found for sale at street markets in Afghanistan . "  When you can identify American personnel , when you have their names , their home address , their cell phone numbers , you put people in a dangerous position , " Rotenberg said . In this case , the personal information for several hundred soldiers landed in friendly hands . Ogle told CNN the MP3 player is being kept in a safe place and he will happily turn it over to U.S. military officials if they ask for it .	New Zealander finds confidential U.S. military files on a used MP3 player Man bought player for $ 9 a year ago at an Oklahoma thrift store Owner says he 'll happily hand over the player to the U.S. military if he is asked
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- For most people working in the United Arab Emirates , the holy month of Ramadan is a restful time . It is a month of fasting , reduced working hours , family time and quiet religious contemplation . But not for Karsten Gottschalk . He 's the executive chef at the Armed Forces Officers Club & Hotel in Abu Dhabi , and it 's his busiest time of year . Gottschalk 's job during Ramadan is to feed at least 20,000 people every day . That means preparing more than 600,000 meals throughout the month . "  It 's a lot of food , " says Gottschalk . First thing he does is "  get my calculator out and start calculating what I need . " During the holy month , followers of the Muslim faith fast by refraining from food and drink from sunrise to sunset . The month of Ramadan starts 10 days earlier every year , based on the Islamic lunar calendar . Ramadan explained The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque commissions Gottschalk 's kitchen to prepare meals for people to break their fast at the mosque . Gottschalk leads a 500-strong team in the kitchen , and cooking starts at 6 a.m. . During the working day , 7,000 kilos of vegetables are peeled and diced , 5,000 kilos of rice boiled in vast pots and 10,000 chickens cut in two and roasted . By the end of the month , 800,000 kilos of food will have been prepared in the kitchen . Time matters for Gottschalk . Every slice and dice is done by the clock , until all meals are packaged and date-stamped by 3 p.m. . The food is then transported in heated trolleys aboard trucks to the mosque , a short drive away . The meals are given out for free . During the weekend up to 35,000 people join the feast , to which both Muslims and non-Muslims are welcome . Every person receives a box which includes rice topped with half a chicken , a vegetable stew , a portion of salad , an apple , a yoghurt drink , a fruit juice and some water . The meals must be kept warm , distributed and ready to eat the minute the sun goes down , which is marked by a call to prayer . Ramadan acts as ` Super Bowl for adverts ' in the Middle East "  The challenge is that we are doing it over a month , " says Gottschalk . "  It 's not a day or two event . It 's consistency over one month of Ramadan . " He adds : "  We have to give our fasting friends a lot of good food . Every day the same standard , the same quality . " The guests sit on the floor across eleven air-conditioned tents outside the mosque to protect against temperatures which can reach up to 45 degrees Celsius during the U.A.E. summer . They then tuck into delicacies prepared over so many hours by Gottschalk 's team , continuing a tradition that was begun by the ruling family of the U.A.E. at the mosque nine years ago . Back then , 4,000 meals were given out a day . The numbers are far bigger now -- and Ramadan is unlikely to get any quieter for Gottschalk .	For most people in the United Arab Emirates , the holy month of Ramadan is a restful time But not for Karsten Gottschalk , executive chef at the Armed Forces Officers Club & Hotel in Abu Dhabi His team feeds 20,000 people a day during Ramadan -- 600,000 meals through the month By month 's end , 800,000 kilos of food will have been prepared in the kitchen
CNN  -- When an elderly nun and two fellow peace activists walked undetected onto one of the nation 's most secure nuclear facilities last year , they wanted to call attention to the dangers of nuclear weapons . Yet their actions in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , triggered a very different concern : If three older peaceniks can easily trespass onto the Y-12 National Security Complex -- once considered the "  Fort Knox " for highly enriched uranium -- just how safe are the nation 's nuclear weapons facilities from terrorists ? Nuclear weapons interactive : Who has what ? Sister Megan Rice , 83 ; Greg Boertje-Obed , 57 ; and Michael Walli , 63 , will stand trial this week on federal charges of destroying U.S. government property , depredation against federal property exceeding $ 1,000 , trespassing and injuring national-defense premises . The last charge alone carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . The trial began Tuesday at federal court in Knoxville , Tennessee , according to WATE , CNN 's affiliate in Knoxville . In the predawn hours of July 28 , 2012 , Rice , Boertje-Obed and Walli walked under the cover of darkness through the woods and up a hillside , approaching a chain-link fence surrounding the Oak Ridge nuclear facility . Armed with flashlights and a bolt cutter , they cut their way through the fence , fully expecting to be arrested on the spot . Instead , they walked nearly a mile , cutting through four fences in all , breaching what was supposed to be the most tightly secured uranium processing and storage facility in the country . "  When we got to the very high security fence where there 's a lethal force authorized ... I thought , maybe we should turn around , " Boertje-Obed told CNN 's David Mattingly . But they did n't . Hours later , the three activists were finally confronted by a guard after hoisting banners , spray-painting messages and splattering human blood on a building that houses highly enriched uranium . Since the incident , Congress has held a series of hearings and issued security recommendations to the Department of Energy and its National Nuclear Security Administration , which runs Y-12 and seven other nuclear weapons sites . Most recently , Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in March that the Department of Energy has taken "  several major actions ... to improve security " since the Y-12 breach , including management changes and independent security reviews . Today , changes at Y-12 are noticeable . A new security contractor is in charge . New signs and security fences are going up . While last year 's security breach shed light on systematic weaknesses at Y-12 , a former nuclear reactor safety manager at the Sandia National Laboratories said he does n't think the nation 's nuclear weapons material were ever at any risk . "  What these people did was more like trespassing than gaining access to any weapons-grade material , " said Michael Allen , who is now a vice provost and dean at Middle Tennessee State University . "  Once they got in , they could spray paint things , but it 's just like if you got into Fort Knox , you would n't know the combination to the locks . " Allen said the country 's nuclear weapons material is spread across eight sites around the country that are "  usually out in the middle of nowhere " to protect against threats . "  There 's really only one place where the weapons are fully assembled ; I 'm not going to tell you which one , " Allen said . "  And the reason there are eight places , they do n't want people to have the full knowledge  of what the other facilities do  . "  We almost never see an assembled nuclear weapon . " But another nuclear security expert said the Y-12 breach was more than just trespassing by a few environmental protesters . "  This was a very serious incident because they penetrated the protected area , and that 's when there was supposed to be an immediate security response , " said Edwin Lyman , a senior scientist with Global Security Program , a watchdog group that monitors the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  If they had been trained , the kind of paramilitary group that the Department of Energy is supposed to be ensuring they can protect against , with hand-carried explosives , other breaching tools , physical access to the building structure ... the guards would have already lost . " Lyman said the breach was not an isolated incident . "  It was a result of this reduced central oversight , giving contractors more responsibility for supervising themselves , and that 's an invitation of corner-cutting and complacency to set in , " he said . The incident not only broke the public 's trust that the government is "  exercising good oversight " of its nuclear weapons facilities , according to Lyman , but he said it also has "  global implications . " "  If we ca n't even control our own nuclear weapons material , it shows what a major challenge it is around the world ... that have comparably dangerous materials but are even less protected . And , Lyman pointed out , if the United States appears to have vulnerabilities in protecting its nuclear weapons material , "  then that not only reduces our authority to criticize other countries , it raising questions about the integrity of our own security . " CNN 's David Mattingly and Tristan Smith contributed to this report . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Three peace activists face trial this week for breaching a nuclear weapons site The incident last year took place at the Y-12 facility in Oak Ridge , Tennessee If convicted , they could face 20 years in prison
CNN  To his legions of fans , Bikram Choudhury has an almost other-world quality . The yoga guru inspires as he promises to heal body and mind . But to his critics , Choudhury is something else . They say he manipulates and preys on the young and vulnerable . Now he faces six separate civil lawsuits from women accusing him of sexual assault or rape . "  The one common thread to all their complaints is the betrayal of trust , " said attorney Mary Shea , who represents the women . "  It 's human nature . People are always looking for spiritual leaders . When you have traditional churches failing and people are looking for spiritual guidance , it is not surprising that people go to other arenas , " Shea told CNN . "  He told them he is on the same level as Buddha and Jesus Christ . " Choudhury is not facing any criminal charges and has denied any wrongdoing . In a lengthy , strongly-worded statement , the lawyers for Choudhury called the accusations "  lurid " and said they were made to "  apparently to exploit the legal system for financial gain . " "  The women did not independently come forward to tell their stories of sexual assault after years of keeping them secret , " the statement said . "  Instead , they signed on to become plaintiffs in these cases following a world-wide and lengthy period of solicitation through letters and social media seeking to convince women to sue Mr. Choudhury . " Choudhury is the founder of Bikram 's Yoga College of India . He 's featured prominently on its website , which details his system of performing 26 unique yoga poses while in a very hot room . The organization offers teacher trainings , which is where Choudhury allegedly met and groomed several victims . The latest lawsuit was filed this month by a woman identified as Jill Lawler . In the suit , she 's described as a bright , driven woman who fell in love with Bikram Yoga almost from her first class . She begged her parents to let her borrow money from her college fund to attend a grueling nine-week teacher training , which cost $ 10,000 at the time . She started the course in April 2010 . The alleged abuse started very soon after . According to the lawsuit , it began with the married Choudhury trying to put his hand inside Lawler 's pants , eventually escalating to rape , which continued for years . "  She was ashamed , and embarrassed . She did not think that anyone would believe her , and she was afraid that if Defendant Bikram Choudhury heard that she had told , that he would kick her out of training and she would have lost both the $ 10,000 from her college fund , and her ability to work as a yoga instructor in order to pay for college , " the suit reads . It accuses Choudhury of rape at that training , and at a variety of other locations , including India , where he visited Lawler in 2013 . The suit says Lawler feared speaking out earlier because she needed her Bikram Yoga certification to support herself . She was also physically afraid of Choudhury . Choudhury 's lawyers said they have not yet been served with Lawler 's suit . "  Mr. Choudhury and the College have been successful in getting dismissed at an early stage multiple claims by several of the plaintiffs and awaiting decisions on other claims , " they added . Shea told CNN the six cases wo n't be combined because each woman has a different story . The accounts share certain similarities -- something that Choudhury 's lawyers seized on as proof that the accusations were false . "  The stories told by plaintiffs in their lawsuits are near copies of one another ; they are all authored by the same lawyer who recruited them , " their statement read . Larissa Anderson started practicing Bikram Yoga when she was 22 . According to her civil suit , she came to yoga from a history of sexual trauma and felt that it allowed her to reconnect and reclaim her body . Anderson went to Los Angeles in 2006 where , the suit says , Choudhury raped her at his home with his wife and children upstairs . "  Larissa was broken and traumatized . She felt sick to her stomach but too scared of Bikram to say anything . He was too powerful for her to go against , " the lawsuit reads . It alleges she was assaulted again in 2011 . That time , Anderson refused Choudhury 's advances but , as a result , was retaliated against in her business , the suit says . "  There have been women , suffering in silence , who now feel that there is security in numbers , " said Shea , adding that she would n't be surprised if more victims step forward . "  We are moving in the right direction . We are confident , and we believe in our clients , and I believe in the justice system , " she said . "  Truth will prevail . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Bikram Choudhury is not facing any criminal charges and has denied any wrongdoing He 's known for a system of yoga practiced in a very hot room
CNN  -- "  The Da Vinci Code , " a film based on a novel from Dan Brown , opened three years ago amid controversy and protests . Now , a new film based on another Brown novel , "  Angels and Demons , " opened on Friday . Ron Howard and Tom Hanks spoke with Larry King on Friday about their new film , "  Angels and Demons . " Larry King talked with the star of the movie , Tom Hanks , and its director , Ron Howard , about whether the new film will spark more controversy . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Ron , you held the world premiere in Rome , where the church is kind of sensitive about this . Why there ? Ron Howard : The premiere screening was actually scheduled to be in one location . And about , I do n't know , a week or so before we were supposed to have the premiere , the Vatican asked them not to let us use that facility . So we shifted it somewhere else . But otherwise , all went smoothly . Watch Hanks , Howard discuss filming in Rome " King : Tom , you have kind of put your stamp on this : "  Angels and Demons , " "  Da Vinci Code . " What attracted you to the project ? Tom Hanks : Well , the intelligence and , I think , in some ways , the ambivalence of the character of Robert Langdon . He 's a very smart guy . He 's probably the only symbologist in the world , and his reading of the symbols , the history , is pushed through this sieve of knowledge that takes emotion and faith possibly out of any of the equations . He can look at something that would mean one thing to one culture , and it means something completely different in modern times or depending on what other culture it is . So as a selfish actor , it 's great fun to play somebody as smart as Robert Langer . King : Was it a tough script to remember ? Hanks : Well , you get into some pretty fascinating rigmarole . But , as we can all attest , we all end up having sort of like a seminar on all of these topics . We sit around for hours and discuss things like particle physics and what 's it mean and the history of the Illuminati and who was and who was not a member of it . King : Ron , does controversy -- and this film has it -- help or hurt ? Howard : I think it helps . In fact , it 's part of what 's interesting about what Dan Brown writes is , you know , it 's thought-provoking stuff . Now , in "  Da Vinci Code , " really , the controversial ideas were driving the movie more than the action , more than the suspense . It really was about presenting those ideas and making the argument for them and stirring that thought . This has its ideas , and it is smart and intelligent and interesting . But I would say that it 's reversed . I think that the mystery , the code breaking , the thriller nature of it is , from a directorial standpoint , really out in front . Still , you know , it has its ideas . They are controversial . At least it gives people something to talk about and think about on the way home if they want to . King : Tom , as I understand it , "  Angels and Demons " was written before "  Da Vinci Code , " right ? Hanks : Yes . It was written so long ago , in fact , that there was no Internet , there was no Google . Dan Brown , for some reason , presented the election of the pope as a minor story that is not really covered by the world 's media . So it had some innate , I would n't say inaccuracies , but things that were taken out of time . It required a substantial amount of adaptation to the way life works in 2009 . King : : Ron , does it bug you when many people in the Vatican , in the church , complain about the movie without having seen it or just basing it on they do n't like Dan Brown ? Howard : Well , you said it , Larry . I 'm fully prepared to accept any criticism based on the movie . But , you know , it 's absolutely frustrating if they 're making an assumption . The idea here is to take any work of fiction , to build a thriller around a time when the church is in conclave . It 's a heightened moment , and we all know that , at various times , the church , as any major institution experiences , has been compromised . And so some of the virtues are threatened by the personal agendas of those within it , and that 's very human . In fact , you can read all about it in the Vatican bookstore . They 'll tell you in history , you know , all about the number of times that that kind of thing has happened . So , Dan took inspiration from that kind of a circumstance and , I think , created a really interesting , exciting movie .	Ron Howard : Controversy helps new film , "  Angels and Demons " Tom Hanks reprises "  Da Vinci Code " role of Robert Langdon , a symbology expert New film "  gives people something to talk about , " Howard says
CNN  -- Sarah Cymbaluk of Fosston , Minnesota , is a frustrated mom who took matters into her own hands . After claiming that her daughter was repeatedly bullied on the school bus and the school did nothing about it , she posted a video on Facebook . In the video , Cymbaluk asked her crying daughter , "  Tell me how it makes you feel . " Her daughter , who turned 9 on Tuesday , responded , "  It makes me feel sad and scared , and I do n't like it . " "  She 's been called into the principal 's  office  and made to feel like it 's her fault , " Cymbaluk told CNN affiliate KXJB , claiming the bullying has gone on since December . "  She 's been told to ignore it . She 's been told to disregard it . Basically she 's been told to stuff her emotions and get on with life . " Fosston Schools Superintendent Mark Nohner , who said he thinks the situation could have been resolved without going to Facebook , said he learned about this issue only recently but conceded "  somewhere along the line " the case "  fell through the cracks . " Are we too quick to cry ` bully ' these days ? "  And so we need to review our procedures and policies and maybe do a better job of articulating to the parents what we 're doing , " said Nohner . While Cymbaluk has come under some fire for posting the video of her tearful daughter , this case demonstrates how angry and helpless parents can feel when they believe their child is being bullied and that nothing is being done to stop it . ` You want to do something to help your child ' Becki Cohn-Vargas , a parent of three grown children , is a former principal , superintendent and teacher with more than two decades of experience in education . She is now director of Not in Our School , a program that works to create networks of schools that are free of bullying and offers a guide to parents on how to deal with bullying behavior . "  Without knowing all the details of the case , what I can say is that I can understand a parent 's frustration because I , as a parent , have moved my child from a school ... so I know that you feel desperate , " said Cohn-Vargas , who transferred her own daughter to another high school years ago because of a bullying incident . "  You want to do something to help your child . " Police file raises questions about Rebecca Sedwick 's suicide The key is focusing on the most effective methods to make sure your child feels safe . That begins with talking with your child and determining whether they have , in fact , been bullied , she says . "  It is n't supportive to your child to just jump in and defend when you do n't know exactly what happened , " said Cohn-Vargas , co-author of the book "  Identity Safe Classrooms : Places to Belong and Learn , " who says she 's had her share of experiences as a principal with parents coming in with "  guns blazing . " "  I had so many cases where parents ... felt like they had to defend their child because they thought that was support . " Parents might first encourage children to try and handle the situation by standing up for themselves and telling the bully to stop . If that does n't work , the next stage would be working up through the chain of command , said Cohn-Vargas , beginning with the person closest to where the alleged bullying took place , such as a teacher if it took place in the classroom or a bus driver if the incident happened on a bus and then moving on to the principal and the school district . "  I am not trying to underestimate that it 's hard because school districts sometimes put their head in the sand , they do n't want to see what 's happening , but I think more and more school districts are very pro-active , " said Cohn-Vargas . When friends become bullies ` Document , document , document ' Nancy Willard , director of the group Embrace Civility in the Digital Age , which works on combating cyberbullying and author of "  Positive Relations @ School  & Elsewhere  , " does n't totally agree . She says she hears from far too many parents who say schools are rationalizing bullying behavior , saying things like "  It was n't that big of a deal " or "  You 're overreacting " or "  Your kid needs to learn how to deal with it . " Willard , who has created her own empowerment guide for parents , says her first advice is to "  document , document , document . " Parents should chronicle what happens , what staff were around and what they did , what the impact has been in terms of emotional distress , how the alleged bullying behavior may be interfering with the child 's education and after-school activities and what the school response has been , said Willard . If the school is not responding , a parent can go the person charged with responsibility for ensuring safe schools at the district level , she said . "  If you do n't get help at the district level , then you go to the State Department of Education . " Parents , beware of bullying on sites you 've never seen If a child is being bullied and there is a civil rights violation , a parent can file a civil rights complaint either at the state or federal level , she added . "  Parents need to know that they have more power , " said Willard . A focus on reconciliation , not punishment She said parents should not be focused on punishment , which could lead to retaliation and more pain for the bullied child . Instead , they should ask the school to see that the person responsible for the hurtful behavior gets help since other problems may be pushing them to bully and work with the school to create an opportunity , at some point , for the child who caused the pain to make amends . Cohn-Vargas adds that parents should refrain from immediately trying to schedule a meeting with the parents of the child doing the bullying . "  It 's because it can turn into conflict between adults , " she said . "  It just can get ugly really fast . " Willard said part of the reason why she created her parent guide in the first place is because she believes parents can help schools make positive change . "  If we 've got 1.2 million kids who are experiencing hurtful acts at school each week , that 's a fair number of parents who if they got motivated could encourage and empower change , " she said , citing numbers from a 2011 Department of Justice report . Cohn-Vargas believes schools and school districts are "  in the beginning stages of addressing bullying effectively . " She believes only a multifaceted approach will succeed -- one that includes empowering students to identify issues and solutions , teaching bystanders to stand up against bullying and looking at bullying as a learning experience where kids can move on and change . She cited a recent case involving a middle school , which worked with her program , Not in Our School . Three boys photoshopped a picture of an eighth - grade girl , adding a swastika , a naked image and an anti-gay slur , and circulated the photo . When telling bullying victims to ` just fight back ' does n't work School officials identified three students were responsible , including one Jewish student , and wanted the children to really learn from the incident . They came up with the idea of having the students do research on the topics involved including the history of the swastika , said Cohn-Vargas . "  So what does the school do to handle it right ? They take it seriously , they investigate . They look at it as a learning experience , " she said . "  All children at some point end up being either a victim , a bystander or someone who does the bullying and so it 's a matter of creating a learning opportunity for the kids . " Do you think schools are doing enough to stop bullying ? Chime in in the comments below or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	A Minnesota mom posted a video of her daughter crying after she 'd allegedly been bullied The mom says she posted the video because the school did nothing about the bullying Parents might not realize all the avenues they have to deal with bullying , experts say The No. 1 goal , according to the experts , is making a child feel safe
Thursday could be a key moment in the future of time keeping . More than 100 countries are due to decide on whether to keep the present method of adding so-called leap seconds to the global time system at the Radiocommunications Assembly in Geneva , Switzerland . Currently , this Co-ordinated Universal Time or UTC is based on a system of extremely accurate atomic clocks . But they are so precise that they do not match the rotation of the Earth which periodically speeds up and slows down due to the action of the tides and changes within the Earth 's core . Since 1972 these extra seconds are added or taken away from the timescale to make sure UTC is synchronized with the Earth 's rotation . Fifty years ago , a few seconds difference had less impact but many of our 21st century devices depend on incredible accuracy . Peter Whibberley , senior research scientist in the Time Group at the UK 's National Physical Laboratory , explains that people like astronomers also rely on this level of precision . "  There are many applications today that depend on precise time keeping . For example , telecommunications use atomic clocks to keep the networks around the world synchronized precisely together , " he said . "  Satellite navigation -- sat navs in our cars and homes -- depend on signals being sent out from atomic clocks on board satellites . " But now many countries , including the U.S. and most European nations , want to abandon the procedure which they say is too cumbersome . According to Whibberley , precise timing systems can be disrupted by altering them . The UK , Canada and China are pressing to keep the leap seconds when the issue is discussed at the U.N. 's International Telecommunications Union meeting on Thursday . "  Without a correction , eventually our clocks would show the middle of the day occurring at night , " said Whibberley . "  We have to have some means of making a correction but at the moment no one knows how that 's going to be done . " Since 1972 Whibberley said only 24 leap seconds have been used and the rate has slowed because the Earth has been speeding up over the last few decades . Without the leap seconds adjustment , the precise time measured by atomic clocks and time according to the Earth 's rotation will start to deviate . Although the tiniest inaccuracies might play havoc with our smart phones most of us would not notice the changes in our body clock -- it is estimated it will take more than 200 years to register an hour 's difference .	More than 100 countries are discussing whether to keep the addition of leap seconds to the global time system Many 21st century devices rely on incredibly accurate time keeping The U.S. and most European nations want to abandon the leap seconds system which they say is too cumbersome Without the adjustment , time measured by atomic clocks and time according to the Earth 's rotation will start to deviate
CNN  -- The official death toll in last month 's massive landslide in rural Washington state rose to 29 , up one from the previous day , Snohomish County medical examiner 's office representative Kelly Stowe said Wednesday . About 15 people remain missing , authorities have said . A rain-saturated hillside along the north fork of the Stillaguamish River gave way on March 22 , sending a square-mile rush of wet earth and rock into the outskirts of the town of Oso in the North Cascade Mountains . The landslide left behind a graveyard in the debris , where bodies have been recovered and crews painstakingly search for people who are listed as missing . Rescuers have been trudging through the muck , which is 70 feet thick in some places . Hundreds of people and cadaver dogs are involved in the search , officials have said . Larry Nickey , one of the incident commanders , told reporters Wednesday that he is increasingly using professional teams with extensive training in searching for human remains , and is scaling back the number of volunteers in the field . Nickey said searchers are focusing on areas of the grid where they feel there is a high probability of finding bodies . He said that one body found Wednesday is not yet counted in the official toll . The search is perilous . The debris field is full of toxic sludge -- a combination of human waste , toxic chemicals from households , propane tanks , oil and gas , according to Lt. Richard Burke of the Bellevue Fire Department . Every person , animal and thing that comes out of the field has to be decontaminated . Some of the workers have come down with dysentery , and supervisors are concerned that others may be at risk for tetanus . The weather has been good for the past three days , allowing water to recede from the debris field , but the forecast looks bad , especially for Friday , when the National Weather Service says there is a 100 % chance of rain , which will be heavy in spurts . According to CNN affiliate KOMO , a bank with branches in Arlington and Darrington said it would forgive any home loans and car loans that were n't covered by insurance . "  Coastal Community Bank is ready to stand behind our customers , and if they are not insured and they owe us that debt , we will forgive that debt , " CEO Eric Sprink told KOMO . The station reported that of the dozens of primary residences destroyed , none had landslide insurance . Gov. Jay Inslee has asked the federal government for assistance , including disaster grants . As searches continued , a major state university said it was ready to help its students from the area . Washington State University will waive tuition for the next academic year for students directly affected by the slide , specifically students with permanent addresses in Oso or nearby Darrington , university spokeswoman Kathryn Barnard said Wednesday . The number of students this could affect was n't immediately clear . Darrington has about 450 students enrolled in its school system . CNN 's Ana Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : About 15 people are still missing Bank to forgive uninsured homes , cars that were lost in the landslide A mile-wide landslide devastated an area in rural Washington state on March 22 Hundreds of people are involved in search efforts
CNN  -- In this season of holiday parties and gift-giving , CNN Heroes offers ways to give from your heart -- without having to reach into your wallet -- and help a Hero help others . Happy giving . 1 . Throw a party for water projects with Wine to Water Having a holiday soiree ? Let it benefit Wine to Water and spread holiday cheer worldwide . Doc Hendley , a 2009 CNN Hero , started holding wine-tasting events to raise awareness and funding for clean-water projects . Now his organization , impacting more than 50,000 people in nine countries , provides hosting tools to turn your party into a benefit for clean-water projects in remote regions around the globe . The group also offers its own wines to party hosts at discounted prices . Get your party started at http://winetowater.org/get-involved . 2 . Share your garden bounty with AmpleHarvest.org Overwhelmed with the bounty of your backyard garden ? Feed hungry neighbors by logging onto Ampleharvest.org . Gary Oppenheimer , a 2010 CNN Hero , created Ampleharvest.org to allow American gardeners to share their fresh bounty with neighbors in need . Log on , enter your ZIP code and start giving . Or register your pantry so that those prepared to give can find you . Locate your neighborhood pantry at www.ampleharvest.org . 3 . Send a taste of home with Tunes 4 The Troops Your CDs , DVDs , iPods and MP3 players can bring joy and comfort to homesick troops over the holidays . Kaylee Radzyminski , a 2008 CNN Hero , has sent more than 750,000 CDs and DVDs to troops based far from home . Purge your collection today at http://www.tunes4thetroops.org/participate.htm . 4 . Help the band play on with The Roots of Music Have a musical instrument collecting dust in your closet or attic ? Shake off the cobwebs and help the Saints go marchin ' in New Orleans . Derrick Tabb , a 2009 CNN Hero , has provided free tutoring , instruments and music instruction to nearly 300 young students living in the Big Easy . Donate your unused instruments at http://www.therootsofmusic.com/donate/donate-instruments.html . 5 . Give home goods for the holidays with Stand Down House Your unused hotel toiletries , lightly used sheets and towels , and functioning appliances can help others stay clean and cozy this season . Roy Foster , a 2009 CNN Hero , has provided housing and addiction support to more than 1,200 U.S. veterans struggling in Florida . Receiving in Palm Beach , Florida -- find out more at http://www.standown.org/helpus.html#nonmon . 6 . Baby a baby with A New Way of Life Reentry Project Are your babies all grown up ? Your lightly used car seats , strollers , baby clothes and toys can help a mom keep babies bouncing this holiday . Susan Burton , a 2010 CNN Hero , has provided sober-living housing and support to more than 400 formerly incarcerated women and their children . Receiving in Los Angeles , California -- find out more at http://www.anewwayoflife.org/donate 7 . Step into a sisterhood with Birthing Project USA Help a new life enter the world by becoming a "  sister friend " to a mother-to-be . Kathryn Hall-Trujillo , a 2010 CNN Hero , started Birthing Project USA to battle high infant-mortality rates . The initiative pairs soon-to-be moms with volunteer "  sister friends . " These mentors , who provide one-on-one sisterly guidance and support through the pregnancy and first year of the baby 's life , have welcomed more than 12,000 babies into 94 communities so far . Find a chapter near you at http://www.birthingprojectusa.org/volunteer.html . 8 . Breathe new life into literature with Sheltering Books Make space for new gifts by donating the books you 've already enjoyed to children and women living in shelters across the United States . Mackenzie Bearup , a 2010 CNN Hero , turned to books to escape the pain of a chronic illness . Since 2007 , she has shared the power of the imagination by collecting and donating 51,000 books to date . Receiving in Alpharetta , Georgia -- find out more at http://www.shelteringbooks.org/Contact_Us.html 9 . Take technology further with Help Kenya Project If your holiday plans include a technology upgrade , do n't dump your old model : Pass it on . Jude Ndambuki , a 2009 CNN Hero , wipes and restores donated computer systems and ships them for free to qualifying schools in Kenya . More than 2,700 machines have been delivered to students , who , in exchange , have planted more than 150,000 trees in Kenya . Receiving in Dobbs Ferry , New York -- find out more at http://www.hkenyaproject.org/items.php . 10 . Provide a ride to health care with Houston Ground Angels Have wheels or wings to share ? Many patients battling life-threatening illnesses struggle to get to the care they require . Houston Ground Angels , started by 2010 CNN Hero Kathy Broussard , has assembled a group of volunteer pilots and drivers who have provided nearly 6,000 free flights and car rides to critically ill patients coming into the Houston , Texas , area . Sign up at http://www.houstongroundangels.org 11 . Turn over the keys to your clunker with Wheels of Success Have a vehicle you 're ready to dump ? It could keep a working family working . Susan Jacobs , a 2009 CNN Hero , has distributed nearly 400 donated and refurbished cars to low-income , working individuals , and she can help donors write off the gift . Receiving in Tampa , Florida -- find out more at http://www.wheelsofsuccess.org/want-to-help/car_donation_app.html . 12 . Get someone moving with PIPO Missions Have you outgrown the use of a brace or prosthetic ? Give the gift of mobility to another in need . David Puckett , a 2008 CNN Hero , has refurbished , custom-fit and hand-delivered hundreds of free prosthetics and braces in rural Mexico . Send your retired limbs and braces to dramatically improve a life . Old crutches are also appreciated ! Receiving in Savannah , Georgia -- find out more at http://pipomissions.org/Donate.htm .	Want to give more this season but lack the funds to do so ? Consider donations Many CNN Heroes are accepting used goods , whether they be books , computers or cars You can even donate your time to mentor mothers-to-be as a "  sister friend "
London  CNN  -- As the scandal over the discovery of horse meat in products labeled as pure beef widened , the European Union 's health chief vowed Wednesday to put in place a plan to restore consumer confidence . "  The issue before us today is therefore overwhelmingly one of fraudulent labeling rather than one of safety , " Tonio Borg said in a statement after an emergency meeting in Belgium with authorities from France , Romania , Holland , Luxembourg and Britain . He noted that EU legislation allows horse meat to be used for the production of minced meat and meat preparations , "  however , it has to be declared on the label . " It is the responsibility of EU member states to check on whether a product presents a risk and complies with the law , Borg said . In the case of horse meat , the commission has checked on whether member states have complied with requirements about hygiene and residues of veterinary drugs , he said . "  Analyses are under way to identify the possible presence of residues of veterinary drugs , especially where unlabeled horse meat has been found , " he said . A meeting of the Standing Committee of the Food Chain and Animal Health is scheduled for Friday , he said . "  This meeting will provide a forum to ascertain the precise state-of-play of the ongoing investigations in the member states , and enable discussions on a possible coordinated response , " he said . The commission will recommend to the standing committee a plan that will include widespread testing "  to restore the confidence of all European consumers , " he said . The plan "  should be communicated by member states by 15 April , " he said . The plan will recommend that member states ensure that "  any misleading labeling practices " be identified , and will ask , "  as a preventive measure , " that member states ensure that any residues of the veterinary drug phenylbutazone be identified in establishments handling raw horse meat "  so as to unearth any related safety concern . " The member states should then report their findings back to the commission , he said . The talks in Brussels came a day after British police and health officials raided a slaughterhouse and meat company as part of the investigation into how horse meat ended up in products identified as beef . The slaughterhouse , in Todmorden , West Yorkshire , is believed to have supplied horse carcasses to Farmbox Meats Ltd. , a Welsh firm that then sold the meat as beef for kebabs and burgers . Authorities have suspended operations at both facilities and seized all remaining meat and company files , which include a client list . Neither company was immediately available for comment . "  I ordered an audit of all horse-producing abattoirs in the UK after this issue first arose last month and I was shocked to uncover what appears to be a blatant misleading of consumers , " Andrew Rhodes , Food Standards Agency director of operations , said Tuesday . Environment Secretary Owen Paterson called the revelations "  absolutely shocking . " "  It 's totally unacceptable if any business in the UK is defrauding the public by passing off horse meat as beef , " he said . "  I expect the full force of the law to be brought down on anyone involved in this kind of activity . " In a written statement to parliament , Paterson said Wednesday that both the raided businesses had a legitimate trade in horse meat , "  but investigations so far indicate that horse meat has been used in UK produce as though it is beef . " Horse meat was discovered in products that are supposed to be 100 % beef sold in Sweden , the United Kingdom and France . They included lasagna sold by frozen food giant Findus and spaghetti bolognese sold by UK supermarket giant Tesco , both made by French supplier Comigel . The industry was already reeling from a bombshell last month , when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in a number of hamburger products . Investigations are under way in France , Sweden and Britain . In Romania , Prime Minister Victor Ponta said Monday that the two slaughterhouses in the country that were initially suspected to have links to the horse meat scandal never had direct contact with Comigel and have done nothing illegal . "  This tendency to throw the responsibility as far away as possible , eventually to the new members  of the European Union  , to countries that might have a weaker PR policy , is something that bothers me , " he said . Minister of Agriculture Daniel Constantin said there was no evidence of mislabeling in Romania . Comigel has not responded to CNN 's requests for comment . But CEO Erick Lehagre told French news agency Agence France-Presse on Sunday that a French supplier "  fooled " his company . "  We were victims , " he told AFP . This month , Britain 's National Beef Association called for more specific labeling of meat products and asked that labels bear the words "  United Kingdom origin . " British food companies have been told to test their beef products for "  authenticity " and report back to authorities by Friday . British supermarket chain Waitrose said Wednesday that it had "  in recent weeks " removed from its shelves frozen meatballs labeled as beef after tests indicated that two batches may have contained pork . But tests revealed no horse meat in its meatballs or frozen beef burgers , it said . In the United States , Congress effectively prohibited the slaughtering of horses for human consumption in 2007 , by denying the use of federal funds to inspect horses destined to become food , a 2011 Government Accountability Office report said . The legal maneuver does not preclude horse owners from selling to slaughterhouses in Canada and Mexico , and the GAO said in a report that many Americans have taken advantage of that opportunity . "  From 2006 through 2010 , U.S. horse exports for slaughter increased by 148 and 660 % to Canada and Mexico , respectively , " the report said . "  As a result , nearly the same number of U.S. horses was transported to Canada and Mexico for slaughter in 2010 -- nearly 138,000 -- as was slaughtered before domestic slaughter ceased . " CNN 's Kat Kinsman in New York , Susannah Palk and Kendra Wates in London and journalist Liliana Ciobanu in Bucharest , Romania , contributed to this report .	NEW : EU 's Tonio Borg says the issue is about fraudulent labeling rather than safety European ministers hold talks on the issue of horse meat found in beef products EU Health Commissioner Tonio Borg following the situation "  very closely " UK officials raided a slaughterhouse and meat company Tuesday
CNN  -- Now on the waiting list for a heart transplant , Anthony Stokes had a procedure Friday to insert a device to support the failing heart he has , a family spokesman said . The 15-year-old had a ventricular assist device , or VAD , implanted on Friday at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston , family friend Mark Bell told CNN . A VAD is a mechanical pump that 's used to support heart function and blood flow in people who have weakened hearts , according to the National Institutes of Health . It includes a small tube that carries blood out of the heart into a pump , and another tube carries blood from the pump to blood vessels . The vessels deliver the blood to the body . VADs can be used in people waiting for a heart transplant or those ineligible for a heart transplant , as a long-term solution to help with heart function . They can also be used during or after surgery while the heart recovers . Bell says Anthony is doing "  extremely well . " Citing patient privacy , a hospital spokeswoman declined to confirm Anthony 's VAD procedure , and referred CNN to the family for related inquiries . The teen has been in the hospital since July 14 , according to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . Anthony 's health has come into the national spotlight because the hospital first told his family he was ineligible for a spot on the heart transplant list , according to his family . But Tuesday , according to Bell , doctors reversed that decision and gave him top priority . An August 7 letter , which Bell provided to CNN , said that "  Anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance , which is one of our center 's contraindications to listing for heart transplant . " Noncompliance generally means that doctors doubt that a patient will take his medicine or go to follow-up appointments . In a statement Tuesday , Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta said , "  While there has been misinformation circulating , Children 's can not discuss the specifics of this case or any other case due to privacy rules . " The hospital earlier had said it was working "  closely with the family " to find solutions . Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston is in good standing , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , the nonprofit organization in charge of transplant coordination in the United States . A matter of compliance Assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient does n't strictly take all required medicines as directed , he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital , said Dr. Ryan Davies , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware , who is not involved with this case . But Bell said a doctor told the family that Anthony 's low grades and time spent in juvenile detention factored into that assessment . "  The doctor made the decision that he was n't a good candidate because of that , " Bell said . "  I guess he did n't think Anthony was going to be a productive citizen . " Anthony 's mother , Melencia Hamilton , told CNN affiliate WGCL-TV that doctors said Anthony would live only three to six months if he did n't get the heart transplant . In the meantime , the story became public in local media . The Southern Christian Leadership Conference 's Georgia chapter got involved because Anthony 's family called , and the organization has "  a longtime relationship with the child , " said the Rev. Samuel Mosteller , the chapter 's president , Mosteller said Anthony was judged based on "  tattoos and an ankle bracelet " from a "  juvenile agency . " Bell said the detention was because Anthony got into "  an altercation to protect his younger brother . " On Tuesday , Bell said , a doctor delivered the groundbreaking news to the family : "  He said that Anthony has been approved to receive a heart . He put him on the transplant list . " Bell said doctors told Anthony he 'll likely receive a new heart in about three to four months , but that this timetable could change . Anthony had no health problems before this summer , Bell said ; the heart problem is not congenital . But he started to have trouble sleeping and then complained about his chest hurting . His mother took him to the hospital because of the chest pains . Bell said Anthony is excited and his mother overjoyed after the hospital 's reversal . The teen is now considered top priority for a heart transplant ; he just has to wait for one to become available . The complexity of transplants Federal records show that 3,400 people were on waiting lists for heart transplants in 2012 , but only 2,000 of these procedures were performed . While waiting for a heart transplant , 331 people died . Dr. David Weill , medical director of Stanford University 's Lung and Heart-Lung Transplant Program , said it 's not unusual for patients to be rejected from organ transplant lists because of noncompliance -- in other words , if they are seen as people who wo n't follow instructions about taking medications and seeing doctors . At Stanford , Weill 's group evaluates about 300 patients per year for lung transplants and turns down about 1 % to 2 % because of noncompliance . It 's about the same for heart transplants as well , he said . As part of the evaluation process , organ transplant patients undergo a complete psychosocial evaluation so doctors can get a sense of whether they and their families will follow through with a complicated medical regimen , Weill said . "  A few times a year , we run into people who ca n't , " he said . A patient would not be turned down solely for having served prison time or having bad grades , Weill said , but "  we would want to look at the entire picture . " Some patients have been denied because they do n't have anyone in their lives who can take care of them and accompany them to appointments . After a heart transplant , patients are too sick to do these things alone , Weill said . "  When we fear that someone 's not going to do well , it 's because the patient could n't comply with the regimen or they do n't have any support in their life , " he said . Psychosocial factors do n't change a person 's priority on the waiting list , but they could lead a person to be denied a spot on that list , he said . The trouble with teens Arthur Caplan , head of the division of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , noted that patients have to adhere to a lifelong regimen after receiving an organ transplant -- showing up at medical appointments , taking medications , monitoring changes in health -- and teenagers in general do n't have a good track record of following orders . Teenagers are n't automatically ruled out for heart transplants , but "  the consequence that ` you are going to die if you do n't take these medicines ' is far from the mind of a 17-year-old , " said Davies , the cardiothoracic surgeon . Instead of denying Anthony a spot on the transplant list , Caplan suggested that the boy should be counseled and worked with intensively so he understands what 's expected post-transplant -- that is , if the teenager can get a heart . Bell said the family did n't press the doctor on what led to overturning the decision regarding the transplant list . Personally , Bell attributes it to "  the handiwork of God and the media pressure . " In a video released by a family friend to CNN affiliate WSB before the reversal , Anthony plays chess and looks longingly outside his hospital window . The hospital did not comment on what led to doctors ' change of heart .	A 15-year-old in Georgia initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list His family learned this week he 's being put on the transplant list Original hospital letter to family said teen denied due to "  history of noncompliance " Friday he had a VAD implanted , family spokesman said
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The remains of aborted fetuses were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer at a West Philadelphia abortion clinic , the city 's chief medical examiner testified in the murder trial of the doctor who ran the facility . Medical Examiner Sam Gulino told jurors Monday he had to examine the remains of 47 aborted fetuses , some of which were frozen , as part of the investigation into the charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell . Authorities accuse Gosnell , 72 , of using scissors to sever the spinal cords of fetuses who emerged from their mothers still alive . "  There was no guidance on how to proceed , " Gulino said , adding that the lacerated fetuses had to be thawed slowly so the tissue would not be destroyed . "  I was never asked to do that  before  . " Gosnell faces eight counts of murder for the deaths of seven babies and a 41-year-old Virginia woman , Karnamaya Mongar , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . He has pleaded not guilty . A grand jury investigation determined that health and licensing officials had received repeated reports about Gosnell 's practices for two decades , but had taken no action , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . When authorities searched Gosnell 's office , they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building . Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf . Furniture and equipment was blood-stained , dusty and broken . "  My grasp of the English language does n't really allow me to fully describe how horrific this clinic was -- rotting bodies , fetal remains , the smell of urine throughout , blood-stained , " Williams said . The remains , ranging in age from 12 to 28 weeks , were stored in a variety of non-medical containers such as a plastic water jugs or cat and dog food containers , Gulino testified during the fifth week of the trial . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . In the courtroom of Judge Jeffrey P. Minehart , Assistant District Attorney Edward Cameron questioned Gulino about a series of graphic photos showing several fetuses with severed limbs and "  defects " in the back of the neck that resembled holes . When a photo of a fetus was projected onto a pull-down screen , one juror gasped and shut her eyes , while several other jurors shifted in their seats and took notes . During the exchange , Gosnell , dressed in a suit and tie , removed his glasses and intently examined the image on a nearby monitor . Along with an examination chair with stirrups facing the jury box , a sonogram machine and other medical devices are on permanent display in the center of the courtroom . Gosnell 's high-profile defense attorney , Jack McMahon , paced the courtroom during his cross examination , pressing Gulino to confirm that he could not absolutely determine that the infants were born alive . McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the abortion drug Digoxin . Prior to dismissing the court Monday , Judge Minehart reminded jurors that there was "  enhanced media coverage " of the trial and to "  remain vigilant " in their order not to read , watch or listen to media stories relating to the proceedings . Meanwhile , a gag order remains in place preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media . Also on trial is Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at Gosnell 's clinic . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death .	Philadelphia 's medical examiner had to thaw the remains of some fetuses Gosnell is charged with the murder of 7 babies and a woman Fetal remains were stored in water jugs , pet food containers , official says
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Bangladesh on Monday entered the second day of a strike amid clashes between protesters and security forces that have killed dozens of people after an Islamist party leader was sentenced to death last week for war crimes . The violence , which has shaken the South Asian country in recent days , left 21 people dead Sunday , authorities said , after supporters of the Islamist party Jamaat-e-Islami attacked police stations and government offices . CNN iReport : Bangladesh protesters fight ` anti-Islam ' label The unrest flared after a war crimes tribunal on Thursday handed down a death sentence to Delwar Hossain Sayedee , a top Jamaat leader , for acts including killings and rapes committed during the country 's nine-month war of independence in 1971 . The sentencing of Sayedee , 73 , followed convictions of two other Jamaat leaders by the tribunal in recent weeks , deepening political divisions in the country and causing longstanding tensions to boil over into violence . Human rights advocates have called on Jamaat leaders to rein in their followers and also urged restraint from the Bangladeshi security forces dealing with the protesters . Adding to the strains on the country , Jamaat-e-Islami and its ally , the Bangladesh Nationalist Party , a leading opposition group , called on workers to go on strike across the country for three days starting Sunday . Thousands of supporters took to the streets to enforce the stoppage , causing disruption to businesses , transport and communications . Police outposts attacked During the violence Sunday , stick-wielding protesters in the town of Bogra set fire to police outposts and attacked government offices before police fired rubber bullets and tear gas to repel them . Authorities said said at least 10 people were killed there . Thousands of people took to the streets in the northwestern district of Jaipurhat , resulting in clashes with police in which at least six people were killed , according to local authorities . Elsewhere , protesters cut down trees onto railway tracks to prevent a train from running , and overturned passenger buses and burned cars . Violence following Sayedee 's sentencing on Thursday had already left 64 people dead , prompting calls for calm . "  The leadership of Jamaat should immediately issue public statements to its followers to stop these violent , unacceptable attacks against law enforcement officers and those who support the verdicts of the war crimes trials , " Brad Adams , Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said in a statement Friday . He also called on the government to ensure security forces "  use maximum restraint and avoid lethal force unless necessary to protect their lives or those of others . " "  If cool heads do n't prevail , Dhaka could dissolve into uncontrolled violence , " he warned . The United States has express sadness over the loss of life in the recent unrest . "  While engaging in a peaceful protest is a fundamental democratic right , we believe violence is never the answer , " Patrick Ventrell , a State Department spokesman said at a regular news briefing Friday . The 1971 war Set up by Bangladesh in 2010 , the war crimes proceedings are dealing with offenses committed during the country 's war to gain independence from Pakistan more than four decades ago . Bangladesh had been the eastern part of Pakistan until it gained independence in 1971 in a conflict that claimed between 1 million and 3 million lives . Jamaat-e-Islami opposed East Pakistan 's struggle for independence and has decried what it calls a smear campaign against it for its role in the war . The movement has called the war crimes proceedings politically motivated . So far , the court has indicted 10 people , seven of them top leaders of Jamaat-e-Islami . According to Human Rights Watch , "  the trials conducted thus far have been replete with irregularities . " In January , the court tried its first case and convicted Abul Kalam Azad , an expelled Jamaat member who is at large . Azad was sentenced in absentia to death by hanging . But the court 's decision February 5 to sentence Abdul Quader Mollah , Jamaat 's assistant secretary general , to life imprisonment rather than death set off a different type of demonstration . Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators , led by youths and fueled by social media , gathered at an intersection in Dhaka , saying the sentence was too mild and demanding the death penalty for those convicted of war crimes . Those protests , which have remained largely peaceful , have also called for a ban on extreme fundamentalist parties . Journalist Farid Ahmed reported from Dhaka , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	Clashes in different parts of the country kill 21 people on Sunday The unrest flared after an Islamist leader was sentenced to death War crimes proceedings have fueled tensions in the South Asian nation A human rights group warns of the risk of "  uncontrolled violence "
Mashable  -- Facebook plans to roll out a major redesign of user profiles at its f8 developer conference this week , Mashable has learned . Details about the redesign are sparse , but two sources familiar with Facebook 's plans  who have asked to remain anonymous  have told us that the redesign is "  major " and will make Facebook profiles nexuses for consuming content . The profile changes will be part of a wider launch , one that will include launch of a music and media platform . Here 's what we know so far about the profile redesign : -- The redesigned profiles will be more "  sticky , " says one source . One of the goals of the new profiles is to get users to stay on them for longer . -- We already knew Facebook is launching a media platform at f8 . However , we 've also learned that the platform -- which will include music and video from partner sites -- will display the media content a user is watching or listening to on their profiles . Essentially , when you 're listening to Lady Gaga on Spotify , your friends can see and access that on your Facebook profile . This confirms a recent New York Times report . -- The redesigned profiles are part of a larger push into social ecommerce . We do n't exactly know what that means , but we 've heard whispers that Facebook intends to give Facebook Credits more prominence . We 've also heard that a Facebook app store may emerge at f8 . -- Facebook 's push into ecommerce may be related Project Spartan , an HTML5-based mobile platform rumored to be launching soon . Facebook is being tight-lipped about the changes ; the company declined to comment on this story . However , more and more pieces of Facebook 's big launch continue to leak out as the excitement builds for f8  feel free to send us screenshots if you have any  The company is currently under lockdown , trying to fix the final bugs before Thursday 's big launch . What do you think Facebook will launch on Thursday ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Profile changes will be part of a wider launch that will include a music and media platform Platform will display the media content a user is watching or listening to on their profile We 've heard whispers that Facebook intends to give Facebook Credits more prominence
CNN  -- I went out on a limb the other day and said David Gregory should not be behind bars . You would think I had issued a declaration of war . And maybe , the way some folks look at it , I had . My defense of the "  Meet the Press " moderator followed the much-publicized spectacle in which he brandished on the air a high-capacity magazine during an interview with the National Rifle Association 's chief executive . This was , to be sure , something of a stunt . It made for a great visual . It gave Gregory a prop as he asked Wayne LaPierre whether , if 30-bullet magazines like the one in his hand were banned , "  is n't it just possible that we could reduce the carnage in a situation like Newtown ? " Next , as you 've probably heard , came word that the police department in Washington was investigating Gregory for a potential violation of the city 's gun laws . Possession of high-capacity magazines is illegal in Washington , even if they are empty . It did n't help matters when the police said that NBC had asked for permission to show the ammunition on the air and was turned down . Nor has NBC 's silence on the matter aided Gregory 's case . Watch : Is Chelsea Clinton a ` pretend journalist ' for NBC ? But let 's get real here . David Gregory 's only intent was to commit journalism . Why are the cops wasting time on this , other than as a PR gesture to demonstrate that they 're somehow on the case ? It 's fine to lambaste what Gregory did on the air . He walked right up to the line , and some would say crossed it , of pushing LaPierre to acknowledge that some form of gun control would be sensible . And maybe holding up ammunition for the cameras was grandstanding . Watch : Twitter filled with sickening death wishes for George H.W. Bush But there is a vitriol in the many messages , tweets and posts accusing me of not understanding that a journalist is n't above the law . On that point , I could n't agree more . But would a regular person be prosecuted for carrying a magazine with no bullets if no violence was involved ? Even the Wall Street Journal 's conservative editorial page agrees that going after Gregory makes no sense . What 's striking here is that gun enthusiasts often make the argument that they just want government to leave them alone , yet seem perfectly comfortable unleashing it against a member of the mainstream media , supporting the Second Amendment by trashing the First . The same kind of animus has been directed at CNN 's Piers Morgan , an outspoken advocate of gun control . For no other reason than that they do n't like his views , more than 90,000 people have signed a petition calling for the British journalist to be deported . Watch : Should NBC 's David Gregory be jailed for waving ammunition on air ? The petition is meaningless , except in this respect : as a demonstration that so many people would support kicking someone out of the country for purely political reasons , without even the fig leaf of a technical offense . Can Morgan be overbearing ? It was not his finest hour when he questioned during an interview whether gun rights advocate Larry Pratt is an "  unbelievably stupid man . " He 's fair game for equally strong criticism in return . But deportation is way out there as a remedy for media advocacy . Morgan has handled the situation with humor , tweeting : "  Still only 90,000 Americans have signed the White House petition to deport me . That leaves 310,910,000 who presumably want me to stay . " Emotions are obviously raw in the aftermath of the Connecticut tragedy , which saw 20 young and defenseless children gunned down . Watch : From David Petraeus to Trayvon Martin , a 2012 media report card Those who believe that guns are being unfairly blamed , led by the NRA , are lashing out at politicians , video game makers , entertainment conglomerates and , of course , the media . To the extent that leading journalists are in the forefront of this debate , they are feeling the sting of that anger . The uproar against the Journal-News newspaper for printing a map of gun permit owners in two suburban New York counties , which I view as violating their privacy without a good reason , can attest to that . It 's hardly surprising that things are getting heated , given the emotional intensity of the gun issue . But proclamations about locking up and banishing journalists deserve to be seen as little more than outlandish chatter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Emotion over gun control battle is trumping reason He says it makes no sense to arrest David Gregory for possessing a high-capacity clip Piers Morgan is target of a deportation petition signed by 90,000 people Kurtz says journalists should n't be threatened for doing their job
CNN  -- "  The Walking Dead " returns for a fifth season on AMC Sunday , and fans have been waiting since March to find out the fate of Rick Grimes and many of the survivors . Last season ended with the group having discovered a place called Terminus , which was anything but the sanctuary they were led to believe it was . The residents of Terminus quickly locked them in a train car , but Rick was determined to make an escape with his friends . CNN spoke with executive producer Gale Anne Hurd about what 's to come on one of TV 's most popular  and secretive  shows . CNN : The survivors were in a lot of danger at the end of the season . Do things move at a quick pace as the season begins ? Hurd : You can get a sense of the pacing and the scope from the promos that we 've released . We 've never left our group of survivors before , in such perilous circumstances . We pick up pretty much where we left off , which is also new for us . CNN : They 're in a new situation with Terminus . Are we going to see a lot of changes this season ? Hurd : Yes . The prison has been left behind . They 've been on the road . Some are still on the road , like Carol , Tyreese and Judith . Beth seems to be in jeopardy as well . We have multiple strands of stories that we 're telling in different settings . CNN : Can we expect a big body count coming up ? Hurd : Sadly , this is a world in which we tend not to make it to the end with the same characters intact . We ca n't imagine that this season will be any different . CNN : We 've had a lot of human threats lately , as opposed to the walkers . Is that going to continue ? Hurd : It is the zombie apocalypse , and the loss of society , civilization , and law and order has enabled all of this to take place . They find themselves in that world , and they have to adapt or die . We see the journey that each character takes , they 're all different as to how they adapt , and how they can reconcile the terrible things they 've done . Or perhaps they turn evil as the Governor did . CNN : Is there a particular character we should keep an eye on this season ? Hurd : As always , Rick goes through a great number of changes , and has over the season . Last season , he threw down a gauntlet , saying that the people of Terminus had no idea who they 're dealing with -- which is quite a threat considering that they 're locked in a train car . But it shows that he 's embraced the mantle of leadership that he tried to throw off in the previous seasons . Carol 's journey has been incredibly remarkable , and it will continue to be so . CNN : Five seasons in , are there things that continue to surprise you about this world ? Hurd : Robert Kirkman 's underlying comic book continues to surprise me , and it 's an inspiration for all of us who work on the show . In some ways , we hew closely to it , in others we vary greatly . But it 's also something of a road map for us . AMC grabs ` Walking Dead ' companion series pilot	Season five of top-rated "  The Walking Dead " returns Sunday Most of the survivors were in danger , having been locked up in a train car at the end of season four Executive producer Gale Anne Hurd "  ca n't imagine " that it wo n't be a deadly season
CNN Student News  -- Watch "  Planet in Peril : Battle Lines " on Thursday , December 11 , at 9 p.m. ET/PT on CNN , hosted by Anderson Cooper , chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta , and "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " correspondent and National Geographic host Lisa Ling . CNN 's award-winning series examines the environmental conflicts between growing populations and natural resources . After watching "  Planet in Peril , " use these questions to focus students ' attention on the concepts explored in the program . Teachers : "  Planet in Peril : Battle Lines " depicts environmental struggles in the real world . The scenes and accounts presented may not be appropriate for all students . Please determine whether this content is appropriate for your students . Bush meat and Zoonotic Viruses 1 . What is bush meat ? According to the program , what are some examples of bush meat ? Why do people eat bush meat ? 2 . What are zoonotic viruses ? What are some examples of zoonotic viruses described in the show ? What is the relationship between bushmeat and zoonotic viruses ? 3 . According to the program , why are some people turning to wilderness areas for their food ? In your opinion , is hunting bush meat different from hunting wild game in the United States ? Explain your rationale . 4 . What are some of the negative impacts of hunting bush meat on the local ecology ? Do you think these environmental concerns should outweigh the demand for food in these villages ? Explain . 5 . What are some factors that might cause an increase in the spread of zoonotic viruses ? What are some methods Dr. Nathan Wolfe has used to stop the spread of zoonotic viruses ? In your opinion , how might scientists and policymakers prevent the spread of these diseases ? Nigerian Oil 1 . What valuable resource found in Nigeria generates billions of dollars in revenue ? 2 . Who is currently benefiting from the oil revenues ? In your opinion , who should benefit from Nigeria 's oil resources ? Explain . 3 . What is MEND ? What is MEND 's goal ? How is MEND trying to achieve that goal ? 4 . Do you agree with MEND 's tactics ? If so , why ? If not , why not ? How would you address the issue ? 5 . What are some of the environmental challenges faced by the Nigerian communities surrounding the oil fields ? In your opinion , who should be responsible for addressing these issues , and how should they be addressed ? Shark Finning 1 . According to the program , why do some people engage in shark fishing ? What are some ways that people catch sharks ? 2 . What is shark finning ? What are some of the markets for shark fins ? How do humans use shark fins ? Why are they so expensive ? What do some fishermen do with the rest of the shark 's body ? 3 . According to the program : What is the economic value of the fishing industry ? What do you think shark fishermen might do if they were not allowed to hunt sharks ? 4 . How is the shark finning affecting the shark populations ? In your opinion , should people care about the issue of shark finning ? Why or why not ? 5 . What are Peter Knight and Wild Aid doing to try to stop the shark trade ? Do you agree with Peter Knight 's analogy when he says , "  If it was Yellowstone Park and people were shooting up grizzlies , no one would ever get away with it , " in reference to shark killings ? Why or why not ? In your opinion , should shark species be preserved ? Why or why not ? 6 . How have some countries tried to regulate the shark-fishing trade ? What are some of the challenges faced by those who regulate the industry ? In your opinion , have they been successful ? What more , if anything , could they do ? 7 . What might happen to the fishing industry if there are no more sharks to fish ? What might happen to the ocean 's ecosystems if the shark population becomes extinct ? What effect could this have on the global economy ? Shark Tourism 1 . What is cage diving ? According to the program , what might be the positive and negative impacts of cage dives ? 2 . What is chumming ? According to the program , what controversies surround the issue of chumming for sharks ? How have some countries tried to regulate chumming ? Why ? Do you think this regulation is a good or bad idea ? Explain . 3 . According to the segment , what are some reasons that sharks are misunderstood ? What are some things that scientists are trying to understand about great white sharks ? What do you think motivates scientist Allison Kok to study great white sharks ? According to Kok , are the sharks associating humans with food , leading to more shark attacks on humans ? Explain . 4 . Why does Mike Rutzen say that free diving "  is the same as a jackal at a lion feed " ? What do you think Rutzen means when he says , "  They 're just trying to be sharks " ? 5 . How does Anderson Cooper compare his experiences diving with sharks in a cage to free diving ? Would you prefer to cage dive or free dive with great white sharks ? Explain . Ivory Wars 1 . According to the segment , what are some of the challenges facing the Zakouma Park elephants in Chad ? 2 . How is Mike Fay attempting to save these elephants ? Why do you think he works to save these elephants ? 3 . Why are poachers targeting the elephants ? What part of the elephant are they after ? What do they do with the rest of the elephant 's body ? 4 . What is ivory ? How much is it worth ? Why do some value it highly ? 5 . According to Mike Fay , what is the status of the "  Ivory Wars " ? Who are the combatants ? What do you think are the motives for participants on each side of the conflict ? 6 . What do you think might be the environmental impact if all the African elephants disappeared ? Gorilla Tourism 1 . What struggle did Rwanda recently undergo ? How were Rwandan mountain gorillas affected by the conflict ? 2 . How is the Rwandan government managing the mountain gorillas now ? Why do you think Anderson Cooper calls the story of the mountain gorillas "  a success story in one of the most unlikely places on earth " ? 3 . Why do you think that park ranger Digirinana Francois risked his life for the gorillas just after the genocide ? 4 . Why do you think poachers plunder rare wildlife such as the mountain gorilla ? What do you think can be done to prevent poaching ? 5 . According to Rwanda 's head of parks and tourism , Rosette Rugamba , why were the efforts to save the mountain gorilla "  a tough sell " ? How are the Rwandans using the mountain gorillas to promote tourism ? What have been the benefits of gorilla-related tourism ? 6 . Using the program as a guide , contrast the mountain gorillas ' situation in Rwanda with their situation in neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo . What is the impact of instability in the Congo on the lives of the gorillas ? 7 . Why is continuing the research on gorillas important ? How do mountain gorillas benefit humans ? What role do mountain gorillas play in their ecosystems ? 8 . What are some pressures the mountain gorillas face from humans ? How might these issues be resolved ? Who should be responsible for resolving these issues ? Overview Questions 1 . What role do environmentalists play in the prevention of the plundering of wildlife ? Overall , do you think their efforts have been successful in the examples from this program ? Why or why not ? 2 . What responsibility do individuals , corporations , non-governmental organizations and government policymakers each have in managing natural resources ? What responsibility does each of these entities have in maintaining economic development ? Can environmental and economic priorities be balanced ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 3 . If the issues portrayed in the program were not addressed , what do you think might happen to each of the species involved ? How might that affect the global environment ? 4 . How do the issues examined in this program relate to you , if at all ? 5 . If you could choose an environmental cause to champion , what would it be ? How would you raise awareness of the issue ? How would you address the issue ? What challenges do you think you would have to face ?	CNN 's award-winning series explores conflicts between people , environment Topics include zoonotic diseases , poaching , ecotourism , and shark finning These questions focus on the concepts explored in the program
EW.com  -- Back in 1977 , Ron Howard made his directorial debut with a low-budget , high-octane car-crash comedy called "  Grand Theft Auto . " As first impressions go , it did not signal the second coming of Orson Welles . But the freckle-faced former "  Happy Days " star radiated an infectious delight in smashing as many roaring muscle cars as he could get away with . Since then , of course , Howard has become one of Hollywood 's most consistent and respected filmmakers , crafting well-made crowd-pleasers that tackle more highbrow subjects . But judging from his white-knuckle new film , "  Rush , " he has n't outgrown his youthful sweet tooth for four-wheeled mayhem . He still has hot rods and the death-defying men who drive them on his mind . Based on the real-life rivalry between Formula One racing legends James Hunt and Niki Lauda , "  Rush " is a tale of two opposite personalities eyeing the same checkered-flag goal : winning the 1976 world championship . Chris Hemsworth draws the flashier role in Hunt , a fast-burning British bad boy with flowing blond locks , silk shirts unbuttoned to his navel , and a rakish playboy swagger . On and off the track , he 's wild , cocky , and undisciplined -- a deadly combination when you 're strapped into a coffin on wheels going 170 miles an hour . " The closer you are to death , the more alive you feel , " Hemsworth 's Hunt says . And it 's thanks to the "  Thor " star 's champagne-spraying charisma that he makes risking your neck look like the coolest job on the planet . As Lauda , "  Inglourious Basterds ' " Daniel Brühl buries his boyish good looks behind ratlike prosthetic teeth . With his clipped Austrian accent , everything that comes out of his mouth sounds like a brusque insult . And it usually is . He may not be a particularly likable fellow , but he 's a methodical grinder with the unshakable conviction of someone who 's calculated the odds on what it takes to win . Pitted against each other , they 're like Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner . It 's not just about beating the other guy , it 's about humiliating him in the process . EW : ` Rush ' : Olivia Wilde , Chris Hemsworth in high-octane scene Howard 's film is at its best when the rubber meets the road . "  Rush " traces the thrilling , neck-and-neck 1976 season from start to finish , hopscotching from Brazil to Monaco to Japan . Even though the film hurtles from one exotic locale to the next , the speedway sequences never feel repetitive -- and they never let up on the gas . More than in any racing movie since 1966 's "  Grand Prix , " the action scenes capture the daredevil kick of sitting in the cramped , claustrophobic cockpit of a Ferrari , zipping around hairpin turns as tires squeal and engines roar . Things are n't quite as thrilling off the track . When they 're not putting the pedal to the metal , Lauda and Hunt are painted as broad archetypes -- the bad and the beautiful . It does n't help that both men are given a perfunctory love interest  Olivia Wilde for Hemsworth and Alexandra Maria Lara for Brühl  , neither of whom feels fleshed out or is given much to do other than look worried . They 're as much spectators as the fans in the stands . It 's only in the last third of the film that Hunt and Lauda become flesh-and-blood human beings instead of videogame avatars . Jockeying with each other to become the leader in the standings , the two men arrive at Germany 's Nürburgring track , where drizzly conditions prove why the harrowing course is called the Graveyard . Lauda , ahead in points , argues that it 's too dangerous to race and that the event should be canceled , while Hunt uses his back-slapping charm to get the other drivers to vote Lauda down . Naturally , disaster follows as Lauda , barely able to see through his rain-soaked visor , crashes in a grisly fireball , horrifically burning his face and lungs . As he struggles to recover in the hospital , Hunt closes in on first place , which in turn fuels his enemy to rehabilitate faster and return to battle . The thought of a man covered in monstrous third-degree scars wincing in agony as he pulls his racing helmet over his head so that he can get back behind the wheel may sound insane . But as both Howard and millions of racing fans around the world know , it 's also compelling human drama . "  Rush " hits a few potholes , but in the end it reveals the psyches of two men who only feel alive when they 're cheating death . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Film is based on real-life rivalry between Formula One racing legends Chris Hemsworth plays James Hunt and Daniel Brühl stars as Niki Lauda Directed by Ron Howard , the movie 's at its best when it 's on the track Off the track , the film hits a few potholes
Washington  CNN  -- A couple who allegedly crashed this week 's state dinner at the White House met President Obama in a reception line at the event , a White House official told CNN on Friday . A White House photograph taken Tuesday evening shows Michaele Salahi , wearing a gold-accented red sari , clasping her hands around Obama 's right hand as her smiling husband , Tareq , looks on . The dinner was held for visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who is smiling next to the president in the photo . An investigation into Tareq and Michaele Salahi has found that Secret Service agents did not follow protocol at a security checkpoint , the Secret Service said . "  The Secret Service is deeply concerned and embarrassed by the circumstances surrounding the State Dinner on Tuesday , " the agency said in a statement Friday . "  The preliminary findings of our internal investigation have determined established protocols were not followed at an initial checkpoint , verifying that two individuals were on the guest list . " The Salahis , who are aspiring reality TV stars , made news when they showed up at Tuesday 's state dinner . The White House says the Salahis were not invited , but their lawyer , Paul W. Garner , "  states emphatically that the Salahis did not ` crash ' this event , " according to a statement from the couple 's publicist , Mahogany Jones . The Secret Service 's statement says that although the Salahis went through magnetometers and other levels of screening , "  they should have been prohibited from entering the event entirely . " "  That failing is ours , " the statement said . The investigation continues and "  appropriate measures have been taken to ensure this is not repeated , " the agency said . Also Friday , two Secret Service agents visited a Virginia winery to say they wanted to question the couple , according to the winery 's manager . Diane Weiss , manager at the Oasis Winery in Hume , Virginia , said the agents wanted to speak with the Salahis . Weiss said she did n't know their whereabouts . The Warren County Report , a local newspaper , quoted Weiss as saying the agents said they wanted to speak with the couple and not arrest them . It also quoted her as saying that the Salahis live in Linden , Virginia , but receive mail at the winery . And the agents said it was "  imperative " that investigators speak with the couple and that they would "  take whatever action " is necessary if they did not , the paper quoted Weiss as saying . Weiss told CNN that the newspaper quoted her accurately , but she declined to elaborate . Meanwhile , court records have revealed a more complete picture of the Salahis , who have left an extensive paper trail in federal bankruptcy and state court filings . They are named in at least 16 different civil suits in Fauquier County , Virginia , near Washington , sometimes as plaintiffs , sometimes as defendants . Family members have sued the county and each other . The family winery , Oasis Winery , has sued Michaele Salahi . They did not respond to CNN requests for comment Thursday about their legal history or the White House dinner . "  At this time the Salahis will not make any formal comments regarding the rumors and media speculation surrounding the White House State Dinner , " Jones , their publicist , said in a statement . Tareq and Michaele Salahi were engaged in a long court battle with his parents over the winery . Tareq Salahi sued his mother , Corinne , court records show , and the suit was dismissed . The mother sued Tareq Salahi and the case went to trial . The outcome is not clear from a Virginia courts Web site . Tareq and Michaele Salahi won control of the winery in 2007 , but it has run into debt since then . Oasis Winery filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in February of this year , according to U.S. Bankruptcy Court records in the Eastern District of Virginia . Tareq Salahi is listed as company president in the filing . Listed creditors include the IRS , Fauquier County , the state of Virginia , several banks and American Express Corp. , among others . The company claims about $ 335,000 in assets and $ 965,000 in liabilities .	White House official : Couple met Obama in reception line Secret Service 'em barrassed ' it did n't prevent couple from entering event White House : Tareq and Michaele Salahi appeared at state dinner uninvited Secret Service looking for couple , manager says
CNN  -- The Formula One driver merry-go-round continues apace with the news that Nico Hulkenberg is back at Force India after spending just a solitary season at Sauber . The German has signed a "  multi-year deal " with his former marque , having spent 2011 and 2012 with the Indian-owned outfit . Hulkenberg finished tenth in the 2013 drivers ' championship for Sauber , higher than both Force India 's racers Paul di Resta and Adrian Sutil , who are yet to settle their futures for next season . Also currently without a seat are Sergio Perez , who was released by McLaren , Hulkenberg 's former Sauber teammate Esteban Gutierrez , Marussia 's British driver Max Chilton and Caterham pairing Charles Pic and Giedo Van Der Garde . Hulkenberg , who was thought to be in contention for a seat at Lotus before they signed Pastor Maldonado , told Force India 's official website : "  I am happy to come back to Force India . "  The team is aiming high for next year and I believe that the experience I have gained over the years will help us achieve those goals . I genuinely believe we can have a competitive package in 2014 . "  I 've heard a lot of positive things about the Mercedes engine as well , so I think there is a lot to be excited about for next year . "  I know this team and I can see their determination ; it 's a great bunch of people and we all share the same hunger for success . " Force India said they would make an announcement on their other driver in due course , with Di Resta and Sutil both sweating on their futures . Part of the issue is a change in the way drivers are funded , with many expected to find financial backing in order to contribute towards their own drives during the season . A major rule change looms large in 2014 and that means the 11 teams are having their resources stretched , with the new turbo engines alone estimated to be three times more expensive than the ones being phased out . Force India team principal Dr Vijay Mallya said he was delighted to have Hulkenberg back in his ranks . "  When he drove for us in 2012 , it became clear Nico was an exceptional talent and he has continued to impress everyone in the paddock with his strong performances this season , " he said . "  Having Nico in our line-up is a real statement of intent and a huge boost for everyone associated with the team . "  We have high hopes and expectations for 2014 and by signing Nico we have put ourselves in the best position to achieve those objectives and enjoy what could be our most competitive season yet . "	German Formula One driver Nico Hulkenberg returns to Force India Hulkenberg spent two seasons with the team before leaving for Sauber The 26-year-old has agreed a ` multi-year deal ' with his old team
CNN  -- Normally , "  hot spot " is n't the first phrase that comes to mind when talking about Saskatchewan , Canada . A relocation service company president said he is moving more people to Saskatchewan than ever before . But with most of Canada suffering from devastating job losses , this cold province is becoming exactly that . It 's an asterisk to the entire country when it comes to the economic climate , and Premier Brad Wall is shouting it as loud as he can . "  It 's a great time to come to Saskatchewan , " said Wall , who even called the Toronto Star newspaper to tout his province 's economic success and let Ontarians know there were jobs for the taking . "  For those who are losing their jobs , we need them to know we have thousands of jobs open right now in both the private and public sector , " Wall said . "  We have a powerful story to tell , a story of success and that 's something we want to share with those who are struggling . " Wall 's province is one of the exceptions to the unemployment increases battering provinces across Canada . Saskatchewan 's unemployment rate fell to 4.1 percent in January from 4.2 percent in December , making it the only province recording a decline . In Ontario and the city of Toronto , unemployment rates rose to 7.2 percent and 8.5 percent respectively . To the west , British Columbia shed 68,000 full-time jobs in January . More Saskatchewan jobs should be on the way . To stave off any possible recession , Wall announced a $ 500 million infrastructure "  booster shot " to help keep the economy strong . Learn more about different towns in Saskatchewan " "  All across the country , industries are getting quite ill , " Wall said . "  We are n't immune to it . We see some impacts in terms of layoffs and new vehicle purchases slowing off , and so we want to be proactive in staying ahead of the curve . " On Tuesday , the Conference Board of Canada released a report that said Saskatchewan will likely continue to lead the nation in economic growth in 2009 because of the infrastructure investment and tax reductions . The province has also been reaping the benefits of an influx from nearby Alberta . When the government in Alberta decided to raise the oil royalty rates , oil exploration and expedition companies decided to move their operations to Saskatchewan in hopes of making more money . With the province 's growing opportunities , David Montgomery , president of Calgary 's Qwest Haven Relocation Services , said he is moving more people to Saskatchewan each day . "  Alberta has always been the gravy train of oil , " said Montgomery , who is also a former resident of Regina , the capitol and second-largest city in Saskatchewan . "  But with the new royalties , oil companies are saying ` Why stay here and make less when the opportunities right next door are even better ? ' Many other companies may start to follow suit . " Montgomery said people looking to move have said that cheaper land and insurance prices are among the other reasons they are headed to Saskatchewan . "  There , government insurance is cheaper than anywhere else in the country and it comes with your license plates , " he said . "  With the amount of jobs , cheaper opportunities and great way of life , the government there has made it very attractive to move there . " That means more business for Wall 's province and more jobs coming to the area . Not that there 's a shortage of jobs . On Tuesday night there were nearly 6,000 private - and public-sector jobs on the Web site Saskjobs.ca . A constant stream of revenue from oil production and exports also buoys the economy in the province . Saskatchewan falls just behind Alberta , as the largest oil exporter in Canada , and Wall 's province sends more oil to the United States than Kuwait . Wall said the province is the leader in uranium production and produces a third of the world 's potash . The province continues to keep ahead of the curve , Wall said , finding ways to diversify its resources and embark on ambitious green projects and new oil projects . The province is working with Montana on a $ 212 million climate change initiative that would create the first major greenhouse gas storage project in North America . The carbon dioxide from coal-fueled power plants would be stored in the ground in Montana and later be withdrawn for use in oil production . Wall also said what may be the largest discovery of sweet , light crude oil in the southeast part of the province means it could have even more oil to work with . The Bakken Formation could potentially have 413 billion barrels of oil , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . That would be another huge untapped revenue gold mine . Despite the growth of nearly all sectors across the board , Wall cautioned that it is possible his province may see economic stress , just later in the game than other places . "  We need to be circumspect and prudent about promoting our province , " he said . "  We are not immune ; we do see the impacts . It is n't some sort of panacea or answer to economic questions that do n't exist elsewhere . We are a bit of an asterisk that says there is some stress , but it 's relatively calm here . " Wall encouraged people not to count out a move to the province based on stereotypes that it is "  only winter here , " and "  all of the land is just rolling hills . " " ` It 's a beautiful , big place where life is great and right now there 's also opportunity , " he said . "  I 'm very , very biased , but I ca n't imagine a place I 'd rather be , especially with what 's going on economically around the world . "	Saskatchewan projected to lead Canada in economic growth in 2009 Province helped by infrastructure investment , oil production Premier : We are "  a story of success " that wants to help those struggling Relocation services business sees more people looking to move to province
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German federal police seized two suspected terrorists from a Dutch passenger aircraft at Cologne airport Friday shortly before it was due to take off for Amsterdam , officials told CNN . The arrests were made at Cologne 's airport . A 23-year-old Somali national and a 24-year-old German citizen who had been born in Mogadishu were arrested on a KLM plane at 6.55 am local time  0455 GMT  , a police spokesman said . Police said "  farewell " letters had been found from the men that led them to suspect they were intending to carry out terror attacks . It was not revealed where the letters were found or how long the men had been under observation . Walter Roemer , press spokesman at Cologne-Bonn airport , said that the arrests had been "  very unspectacular " . He said federal police boarded the plane and arrested the two suspects , "  without them showing any resistance . " The two had been among 40 passengers en route to Amsterdam . All those on board were asked to disembark while the suspects ' luggage was identified . The plane took off for Amsterdam after a delay of one hour and 20 minutes . She said everyone was then forced to leave the plane , and there was a "  baggage parade " to see whose bags belonged to whom . Watch more details on the incident . " Amsterdam 's Schipol airport Web site listed flight KL 1804 , the scheduled morning flight from Cologne to Amsterdam , as having arrived at 9.17 am local time , one hour and two minutes after it was due to arrive . In September 2007 , German authorities arrested three suspected militants planning what were described as "  massive " attacks on American targets in Germany . German media said at the time that potential targets could have included Ramstein Air Base , the U.S. military 's main installation in Germany , or the major international hub of Frankfurt Airport . Terrorism expert Sajjan Gohel told CNN the arrest showed Germany faces a major threat from extremists . Watch Gohel explain details behind the arrests " "  This was a long term operation , there was a couple of individuals that the German intelligence agency was monitoring , " he said . "  The feeling was that they had come back specifically with the purpose of planning and plotting a terrorist attack . " CNN 's Diana Magnay in Berlin contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Police board KLM flight in Cologne early Friday to arrest suspects Two suspects said to be Somali man , 23 and German born in Somalia , 24 Police say "  farewell " letters found from the men
CNN  -- Thousands of people turned out Saturday in the southern Austrian city of Klagenfurt for the funeral of politician Joerg Haider , a popular but polarizing figure who led right-wing Austrian politics for decades . Harald Scheucher , mayor of Klagenfurt , speaks in front of the coffin of Joerg Haider Saturday . Among those attending the service at the town 's central Neuen Platz square were Austrian President Heinz Fischer and Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer . Haider 's widow sat in the front row with her two daughters , all of them dressed in black . "  Many people expected things of Joerg Haider that they themselves were n't able to fulfill , and he too expected things of people that he was n't able to fulfill , " Gusenbauer said at the funeral . "  Therefore his death , and the end of his life , may be a time to think about whether death 's only consolation is that we can now reconcile things that seemed irreconcilable during his lifetime . " Haider 's coffin was draped in the yellow , red and white flag of the southern state of Carinthia , where he was governor , and topped with red roses . Haider , 58 , died last Saturday in a car accident while driving out of Klagenfurt , the state capital . He had just passed another car on a highway when his car hit a concrete post and rolled over several times , police said . His spokesman said this week that Haider was drunk at the time of the crash . Besides being Carinthia 's governor , Haider was also head of the right-wing BZO party  Alliance for the Future of Austria  , which he founded in 2005 after years with the conservative Freedom Party . Haider came to prominence in 1986 , when he became head of the Freedom Party while still in his 30s . A politician who projected youth and style , Haider appealed to many working-class Austrians , promising to cut their taxes and give money to those with children . Some older Austrians responded to his demands for strict law and order . But he drew widespread criticism both at home and abroad for his anti-immigrant stance and remarks considered anti-Semitic , and in 1991 he publicly praised Nazi Germany 's employment policy . Asked in 2000 about the statement , Haider told CNN the quote was taken from a long speech and that he never praised the Third Reich . He called the remarks a mistake and publicly denounced Nazism . But Haider continued to draw attention for his controversial remarks . They included an address to veterans of the Waffen S.S. , Adolf Hitler 's elite soldiers , in which he praised their character . The address created an uproar after it was broadcast on German television . Haider said he had simply been speaking to elderly citizens of Carinthia who included some former Waffen S.S. members . Despite the controversy , Haider said he was not racist : "  You will not find any anti-Semitic position in our party program , and you will not find any anti-Semitic speech or statement by me . " The policies of the Freedom Party drew international attention during the elections in 1999 . Party campaign posters urged voters to stop the flood of immigration and used the term "  over-foreignization , " the same word used by Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels in 1933 to criticize what he called Jewish influence in Germany . Haider told CNN he favored restricting immigration simply because of Austria 's small size , but that he wanted to keep an open border for refugees . It was his family background , Haider said , that kept singling him out for criticism . Haider 's parents were activists in the Nazi Party long before Austrian-born Hitler annexed Austria to Germany in 1938 . Haider 's father , Robert , volunteered for the S.A. , the notorious brown shirts who terrorized Jews and others before the war . He then served in the German army . His biographer , Melanie Sully , said Haider felt a strong sense of loyalty to his parents and those in the war generation . "  He feels that what they sacrificed after the war in rebuilding Austria in very difficult circumstances needs to be honored and that they were n't all criminals , " Sully told CNN in 2000 . Under Haider 's leadership , the Freedom Party made a strong showing in the 1999 elections , winning 27 percent of the vote and shaking up the traditional two-party system that had ruled Austria since World War II . When the two main parties in that election failed to agree on forming a government together , the Freedom Party was invited to share power . Haider retired as party leader after that but remained governor of Carinthia . When Haider formed the BZO party three years ago , he took with him a number of Freedom Party lawmakers . Haider was credited with helping the BZO make significant gains in last month 's general elections alongside the Freedom Party , though Austria 's two largest parties , the Social Democrats and the People 's Party , came out on top . The vote reflected reflected public dissatisfaction with the two largest parties as well as support for the social populism , anti-European Union and anti-immigrant rhetoric of the BZO and Freedom Party . southern Austrian city of Klagenfurt	Thousands attend the funeral of right-wing politician Joerg Haider in Austria Chancellor : Many people expected things of Haider they themselves could not fulfill Haider died last Saturday in a car accident , spokesman confirms he was drunk Haider drew support from many but criticized for his praise of some Nazi policies
CNN  -- A disastrous blunder by England goalkeeper Robert Green cost his side victory as they drew 1-1 with the United States in their Group C opener in Rustenburg on Saturday night . England were leading 1-0 through a fourth minute Steven Gerrard goal approaching halftime when Clint Dempsey sent in a weak shot from just outside the penalty area . Maradona 's Argentina beat Nigeria It appeared to be a routine save for Green but astonishingly he let the ball slip through his grasp and despite a despairing dive saw it trickle into the net . England captain Gerrard gave his side a dream start after he latched on to a neat pass from Emile Heskey to beat Tim Howard in the U.S. goal with ease . Fabio Capello 's men were holding onto their lead comfortably enough , aside from a scare when Jozy Altidore connected with a Landon Donovan cross to send his header wide , until the fortunate 40th minute equalizer . The second half saw England press for the winner and Heskey was sent clear by Aaron Lennon but shot straight at Howard . Wayne Rooney also sent a shot narrowly wide and cleverly set up substitute Shaun Wright-Phillips for a chance from the left side of the penalty area which he sent straight at Howard . But English hearts were in their mouths as Altidore outpaced Jamie Carragher , who came on for the injured Ledley King at halftime , and bore down on goal . This time Green came to the rescue , parrying his effort against the post to partially redeem himself for an error which will live long in the memory . There was no masking the disappointment in the England camp at the final whistle . Catch up with CNN 's twitter.buzz "  The idea tonight was to win the game , but unfortunately we have let a poor goal in and we could n't go on and get the winner , " Gerrard told ITV Sport . "  The target now has got to be seven points . " England 's next game is against Algeria in Cape Town on Friday with the United States taking on Slovenia in Johannesburg . Capello would not confirm if he will stand by Green for a game which now takes on added significance . "  Sometimes a forward misses a goal and sometimes the keeper makes a mistake , this is football . The second half he played very well , " said the Italian .	England and United States draw 1-1 in their Group C opener in Rustenburg Steven Gerrard gives England the lead after only four minutes A goalkeeping error by Robert Green allows Clint Dempsey to equalize for U.S.
He spent more than 21 straight hours railing against any government funding for Obamacare . Then Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas joined the other 99 senators from both parties in voting Wednesday to move ahead on a spending plan expected to do just that . The rare 100-0 vote on a procedural step means the spending measure that would avoid a partial government shutdown next week now can be amended by Senate Democrats to restore funding for President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms , which had been eliminated last week by House Republicans . Cruz led a group of tea party conservatives in trying to block Senate consideration of the spending legislation because Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid made clear his caucus would remove the provision that defunded Obamacare . However , Cruz came under strong criticism from fellow Republicans for that strategy , which called for GOP senators to filibuster the House measure that -- in its original form -- would defund programs under the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Fed up over Beltway shutdown battle The confusion of Cruz 's strategy was apparent Wednesday when he voted with Democrats for the Senate to take up the measure less than two hours after his marathon speech against it that began Tuesday afternoon and continued overnight and through the morning . An aide to Cruz told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash that the senator always intended to allow formal consideration of the House measure , adding that Cruz would vote against it once Senate Democrats restored the Obamacare funding . However , nothing in Cruz 's words or actions preceding the vote indicated that was his intention . Instead , he had urged his colleagues to unite against the spending plan , saying voting for it was tantamount to supporting Obamacare . "  Any senator who votes  to move forward with debate on the House measure  is voting to give Harry Reid the authority to fund Obamacare , " Cruz told Bash on Monday . After Wednesday 's vote , Cruz told reporters that his long night sought to unite Republicans to block any funding for Obamacare . "  Coming into this debate we clearly were not united , " he said . "  There were significant divisions in the conference . I hope those divisions dissolve ; that we come together in party unity " with all 46 Republicans preventing a final vote on the spending plan once Democrats amend it to fund Obamacare . Cruz and other tea party conservatives wanted to prevent the Senate from taking up the spending measure passed last week by the GOP-controlled House that makes continued government funding contingent on denying any money for Obamacare . How this affects you While his drawn-out floor speech did not constitute a filibuster , it was intended to rally opposition to the state goal of Senate Democrats to restore the Obamacare funding . However , Cruz lacked support for his tactics from Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and other influential veterans including Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee . In the end , Cruz voted with them to open the spending plan to revisions by the Democratic-led chamber . Reid called Cruz 's all-night speech a "  waste of time " as the nation faced a possible partial shutdown of the government if Congress fails to authorize government spending beyond Monday , when the current fiscal year ends . To Reid , the tactic reflected a perspective that a "  bad day for government " amounted to a "  good day " for tea party conservatives . Earlier Wednesday , Corker told CNN that a better idea would be to get the bill back to the House as soon as possible so the Republican majority there can offer a compromise . "  House members are already talking about how they might respond if the defunding component ends up being stripped out , " Corker said , adding he hoped that the Senate would "  give the House some time to respond in a thoughtful way . " With Obamacare markets for the uninsured set to open on October 1 , which also begins the new fiscal year , GOP opponents consider this their last best chance to undermine or amend the health care reforms . A possible GOP counter-proposal floated by Corker would delay its full implementation for a year . He noted that Obama already postponed another component affecting business implementation of health care reforms for a year . Under the process planned by Reid , a final Senate vote on the revised spending plan would occur over the weekend to leave the House a day at most to reconsider it . However , Reid said Wednesday he wanted the Senate to complete its work on the measure as soon as possible . Cruz , as he approached the conclusion of his overnight speech , thanked the Senate staff and others "  who have endured this Bataan death march . " When he began at 2:40 p.m. Tuesday , Cruz said he intended to "  speak in support of defunding Obamacare until I am no longer able to stand . " He filled the ensuing hours with a blend of political rhetoric and emotional pleas for Republicans like Corker to unite in opposition to Obamacare . \ Darth Vader , Sean Connery , Chinese gooseberries and other highlights Conservative colleagues including Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , Marco Rubio of Florida , David Vitter of Louisiana and James Inhofe of Oklahoma joined him at times to assume the main talking duties and allow Cruz to rest his vocal chords . ` Green Eggs and Ham ' gets a reading On Tuesday night , he read the Dr. Seuss children 's classic "  Green Eggs and Ham " to his daughters . As he reached 18 hours of holding the Senate floor on Wednesday morning , Cruz compared his anti-Obamacare effort to the "  Star Wars " films . Referring to having heard someone use the phrase "  rebellion against oppression , " Cruz said those words "  conjured up to me the rebel alliance fighting against the empire . The empire being the Washington , D.C. , establishment . " "  And indeed immediately on hearing that phrase I wondered if at some point we would see a tall gentleman in a mechanical breathing apparatus come forward and say in a deep voice , ` Mike Lee , I am your father . ' " Cruz said his effort "  is a fight to restore freedom to the people . This is a fight to get the Washington establishment , the empire , to listen to the people . And just like in the ` Star Wars ' movies the empire will strike back . But at the end of the day I think the rebel alliance , I think the people will prevail . " Later , he called for Senate Republicans to show the same courage as their party colleagues in the House in making a stand to defund Obamacare . He alluded to the risks faced by the signers of the Declaration of Independence , noting they were mostly wealthy landowners who faced hanging for treason for their actions . What 's Ted Cruz 's deal ? At 9 a.m. Wednesday , Cruz was alone on the floor , except for the presiding officer , Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin . Durbin and Cruz engaged in some hostile exchanges , with the Illinois Democrat accusing Cruz of trying to deny health care coverage for tens of millions of currently uninsured Americans while enjoying the benefits of a federal health care program . Cruz responded that Obamacare was flawed and hurting the country , and the focus should be on a better solution instead of continuing on with a failed system . What you need to know about the possible shutdown Two sides battle it out on social media Earlier , Cruz sought to define his battle as purely about principle , saying : "  This fight is not about any member of this body . This fight is not about personalities . " "  Look , most Americans could not give a flying flip about a bunch of politicians in Washington , " he said . "  Who cares ? Almost all of us are in cheap suits with bad haircuts ! Who cares ? " Supporters cheered him on through social media , and #StandWithCruz became one of the most popular hashtags on Twitter . But supporters of the health care law made themselves heard as well . On Wednesday morning , the two sides were battling it out in the top trending topic in the United States : "  Obamacare . " 5 strange things about debt ceiling politics Key Republicans critical of Cruz strategy Cruz also has been the target of criticism by some top Republicans . GOP infighting over how best to prevent a government shutdown while defunding Obamacare escalated Tuesday as McConnell publicly dismissed Cruz 's more confrontational strategy . Cruz 's GOP critics believe his strategy is politically suicidal , arguing there is no way to stop Obamacare as long as Democrats maintain control of the Senate and Obama is in the White House . They believe that trying to do so by forcing a shutdown -- or preventing an increase in the debt ceiling next month -- will backfire by harming the economy and damaging the Republican brand . What happens in a government shutdown The Treasury Department said Wednesday that the debt ceiling -- which is the amount the federal government can borrow to pay its bills -- must be raised by October 17 to prevent a possible default . House Republicans say they will propose a package of measures that includes a one-year delay in full implementation of Obamacare to a proposal to extend the debt limit for a year . House Republican leaders met Wednesday evening to discuss the policy priorities they plan to attach . But there are signs leadership is running into resistance from conservatives , some of whom do not want additional borrowing . Others want to add new items while others still question the strategy of taking up the debt bill in the middle of fight over spending and a possible government shutdown . The White House rejects negotiations on the debt issue , saying something as fundamental as ensuring the good credit of the United States must be above politics . The last debt ceiling fight in Congress in 2011 caused the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating and Obama and top Democrats warn playing politics with the issue now will cause economic harm amid the still fragile recovery . Can it be stopped ?	Cruz : Marathon floor speech was to rally GOP unity against Obamacare The Senate votes 100-0 to proceed on a spending plan to avoid a shutdown Aide : Despite voting yes , Sen. Cruz still opposes any funding for Obamacare Senate Majority Leader Reid calls Cruz 's 21-hour speech a "  waste of time "
CNN  -- When the English Premier League season began , Liverpool was n't thought to be one of the title contenders . The Reds might be changing the minds of a few after beating Manchester United , traditionally its fiercest rival , 1-0 at Anfield thanks to another goal from birthday boy Daniel Sturridge . Liverpool owns a perfect 3-0 record in the league -- its best start in nearly 20 years -- and has yet to concede . And this without still suspended forward Luis Suarez . "  I think we 've been working hard as a team since the start of the season , " Sturridge , who turned 24 , told Sky Sports . "  In pre-season the manager emphasized that . "  It 's about the team , not about individuals , and it 's showing on the field the dedication we 've put in on the training ground . " Sturridge reacted quickest to Daniel Agger 's headed flick off a corner kick in the fourth minute Sunday and Liverpool was mostly comfortable thereafter . New keeper Simon Mignolet was indeed rarely tested despite United having most of the possession , with United striker Robin van Persie squandering his team 's top chance in the dying minutes . "  It is a great win for our belief , " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  Last season we drew too many of the big games and we lost both times to Manchester United . " The visitors ' cause was n't helped beforehand when Wayne Rooney was ruled out after suffering a head injury in training . He is set to miss England 's upcoming World Cup qualifiers . Sturridge could be the man to fill the void in the starting lineup , already netting five times in all competitions , although he continues to carry a slight thigh injury . While Liverpool has started the campaign strong , Manchester United fell to one win , one loss and one draw under new manager David Moyes . "  I thought we played really well , " Moyes was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  We had long periods of the game but could n't score . " The slow start will likely increase Moyes ' desire to land a new player or two ahead of Monday 's transfer deadline in England . United has been quiet in the market in the off-season , thus far failing to lure midfielder Cesc Fabregas away from Barcelona . A bid for Everton pair Leighton Baines and Marouane Fellaini was also rejected . "  We will keep working for what 's left of the window but I 've got to say I was really happy with the performance here , " Moyes said . "  Maybe in the next few hours we will get a chance to do something but we could n't give you a heads-up on anything . " There was a minute 's applause for legendary Liverpool manager Bill Shankly on the eve of what would have been his 100th birthday and the atmosphere seemed to lift the home side . Agger beat United defender Rio Ferdinand to the ball on the corner and then Sturridge poked it into the net with his head . "  I just anticipated the header from Dan , " said Sturridge . Unable to create much going forward , United 's frustration grew and van Persie exchanged angry words with Steven Gerrard . Mignolet was comfortable in keeping out Nani 's drive in the 77th minute and then van Persie shot wide -- with his right foot -- from a tight angle off Javier Hernandez 's through ball in the 87th . Another hot striker Sturridge is n't the only hot striker in the Premier League . Olivier Giroud matched him by scoring for the third straight time in the league and Arsenal blanked a Tottenham without Gareth Bale 1-0 at the Gunners ' Emirates Stadium . Giroud , bought last year to help fill the void created by van Persie 's move to United , converted Theo Walcott 's low cross in the 23rd minute . Both keepers had to be sharp in an open North London derby but especially Tottenham 's Hugo Lloris , who denied Walcott and Giroud . Tottenham poured forward in a frantic finish , though could n't find an equalizer . Spurs and Arsenal now have identical records in the league at two wins and a loss . While Tottenham has made seven signings this summer in anticipation of Bale 's probable transfer to Real Madrid , Arsenal has merely brought in two free transfers even with ample funds available . Manager Arsene Wenger , however , hinted it could be a busy Monday . "  Maybe we 'll have a good surprise for you , " he told Sky Sports . "  We 're working very hard . " In the lone other game in the Premier League , Swansea recorded its first league win by downing still-winless West Bromwich Albion 2-0 away . French striker Nicolas Anelka returned for West Brom after taking time off due to the death of his agent .	Daniel Sturridge scores his fifth goal this season as Liverpool beats Manchester United Liverpool is off to its best start in nearly 20 years and has yet to concede in the league Manchester United played without striker Wayne Rooney , who was injured in training Arsenal beat Tottenham 1-0 in the North London derby after a goal from Olivier Giroud
A St. Louis-area police officer has been fired after making what his chief called "  very concerning and inappropriate " Facebook comments on the protests in Ferguson , Missouri , according to a city official . "  These protesters should be put down like a rabid dog the first night , " Matthew Pappert , a police officer in the city of Glendale , wrote in one post , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . There were reportedly five inappropriate posts , KMOV said . Pappert was originally suspended on August 22 after the comments came to light . An inquiry was initiated that day . "  Officer Pappert was dismissed following the conclusion of the investigation , " Glendale City Administrator Jaysen Christensen said . "  Our focus at this point is to move past this , and turn the focus back to healing in the City  sic  of Ferguson . " Glendale , like Ferguson , is a municipality in St. Louis County . The two suburbs are about 15 miles apart . In announcing a week ago that Pappert had been suspended , Glendale Police Chief Jeffrey Beaton cited what he called "  very concerning and inappropriate posts on his personal Facebook page , " according to the Webster-Kirkwood Times , an online news outlet in the area . Police have come under fire for their heavy-handed response to the protests in Ferguson that followed the shooting death earlier this month of an unarmed black teenager by a white Ferguson police officer . An attorney for Pappert issued a statement saying the officer was sorry for his comments . "  Officer Pappert is deeply remorseful about what he posted on social media , " his lawyer , William Goldstein , said . "  We ask for  the  same spirit of forgiveness and the opportunity for redemption . " Pappert was not the only police officer in the region suspended for comments that were perceived as offensive . Dan Page , an officer with the St. Louis County Police Department , was caught on camera pushing CNN 's Don Lemon . He was placed on administrative leave after a video surfaced of him ranting about the Supreme Court and Muslims , among other things . He also refers on the video to Barack Obama as "  that illegal alien who claims to be our President . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	"  These protesters should be put down like a rabid dog , " the officer purportedly wrote Glendale , Missouri , Officer Matthew Pappert was suspended a week ago His chief cited "  very concerning and inappropriate posts on his personal Facebook page " Pappert 's attorney issued a statement saying the officer was sorry
CNN  -- An eight-hour hostage standoff ended late Wednesday when an armed , disabled man wheeled himself out of a Virginia post office and was taken into custody , according to the mayor of Wytheville . Initially , authorities reported five people -- three postal workers and two customers -- were taken hostage after a man entered a Wytheville , Virginia , post office about 2:30 p.m. and fired a gun . But Mayor Trent Crewe said police later believed the gunman was holding fewer than five people and that they have accounted for people they thought could have been inside . "  Apparently they ran as it was unfolding and we did n't know that for a while , " Crewe said . An unidentified witness told CNN affiliate WDBJ that he , a fellow window clerk and the postmaster were in the building when the gunman entered , but they quickly fled . He added that his supervisor was one of the hostages . WDBJ reports on standoff Crewe said he did not know exactly how many hostages had been in the building . No one was reported hurt , Crewe said . The gunman is disabled , Crewe said , adding that police told him the gunman entered the post office pushing a wheelchair . It was unclear what the purpose of the wheelchair is , Crewe said . There were reports the man had a "  device , " and it appeared that his car , parked outside the office , was equipped with some type of device as well , Crewe said . He did not elaborate on what the device could be . "  The police authorities have told me they are acting on the assumption there is an explosive device of some kind in some location , " Crewe said . "  There is a bomb squad , in fact more than one bomb squad on site , but we can not confirm any explosives . " The surrounding area of downtown Wytheville has been evacuated within a three - to four-block radius , Crewe said . The suspect asked for pizza but made no other demands , U.S. Postal Inspection Service spokesman Peter Rendina said . The gunman 's motive was unclear , Crewe said . He had not identified himself but he has told police he has a military background , Crewe said . Police have yet to confirm whether the gunman has military training , Crewe said . Agents with the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were also on scene , Crewe said . Wytheville is a small town in southwestern Virginia in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains . It has a population of just over 8,000 . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Armed , disabled man wheeled himself out of a Virginia facility , taken into custody Standoff began Wednesday afternoon ; number of hostages was uncertain Man entered Wytheville , Virginia , post office and fired a shot , mayor says
