Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- An Iraqi soldier opened fire Tuesday on a group of U.S. soldiers in northern Iraq , killing two and wounding nine others , the U.S. military and the Iraqi military said . They are the first American deaths in Iraq since the U.S. combat mission officially ended last week . The attack occurred inside an Iraqi army commando compound when the soldier , clad in an Iraqi army uniform , fired on the U.S. soldiers near the Salaheddin province city of Tuz , the U.S. military said . The attacker was shot and killed . Maj. Gen. Mohammed al-Askari , a Defense Ministry spokesman , identified the shooter as Soran Rahman , from the Iraqi army 's 4th Division . Al-Askari said Rahman got into a fight with U.S. soldiers , and then pulled his weapon and fired on them before he was shot dead . The spokesman said a joint U.S.-Iraqi investigation into the incident was under way . The soldiers were part of a security element for a U.S. company commander who was meeting with members of Iraqi security forces at the compound . "  This is a tragic and cowardly act , which I firmly believe was an isolated incident and is certainly not reflective of the Iraqi security forces " in Salaheddin , said Maj. Gen. Tony Cucolo , commander , Task Force Marne . In a second attack in Salaheddin province , a U.S. soldier and a number of Iraqis were wounded when a convoy in central Tikrit was hit by grenades early Tuesday afternoon , a U.S. military spokesman said . Soldiers who were in the vehicle that was attacked killed the grenade thrower , he said . An Iraqi Interior Ministry official and police in Tikrit said that the man threw two grenades at the convoy , damaging a vehicle , and that U.S. forces then opened fire "  randomly , " killing a civilian and wounding four others . But a spokesman for the U.S. military issued a statement disagreeing with that assessment , saying the U.S. military believes that the civilians ' wounds were caused by the grenade that exploded and not from indiscriminate gunfire . He said a U.S. military investigation concluded that the civilians ' wounds were caused by shrapnel and not from bullets . Two witnesses identified the body as that of the attacker , the spokesman said . More than 4,400 U.S. troops died in Iraq during the war . While violence has dropped in the last two years , President Barack Obama said last week that "  violence will not end with our combat mission . " "  Extremists will continue to set off bombs , attack Iraqi civilians and try to spark sectarian strife . But ultimately , these terrorists will fail to achieve their goals , " he said in a speech from the Oval Office on August 31 . That 's when he announced the end of the U.S. combat mission and the beginning of a new American phase in Iraq . U.S. troops are expected to advise and assist Iraq 's security forces , back Iraqi troops in counterterrorism missions and protect American civilians there during a transitional period . Unless the United States and Iraq forge a new agreement , all U.S. troops are scheduled to depart Iraq by the end of 2011 . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. military says an Iraqi soldier shot Americans A separate attack wounded another U.S. soldier , Iraqis , official says In first attack , 9 also wounded inside an Iraqi army commando compound near Tuz The attacker was shot and killed
CNN  Eternally blooming in Kolkata , India , along the Hooghly River is Malik Ghat , a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day . Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market for his project "  Flower Man , " which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals . When Hermann was in Kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist . After that first encounter with Malik Ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning . "  The flower sellers  woke my curiosity . But at that time , I did n't really have the time to do the project , " Hermann said . "  And this idea just kind of stuck in my head for almost two years . " Hermann was able to spend about 10 days at the market , and did not allow any challenges to hinder the completion of "  Flower Man . " He said that in addition to language barriers and the heat of Kolkata making communication complicated and shooting at certain times difficult , another adversity he faced was taking portraits of the female flower sellers . "  I had a really clear idea before I went  to the market  about what I wanted to do , " Hermann said . "  I wanted to shoot the sellers -- the male and the female sellers . " But none of the female flower sellers wished to be a part of Hermann 's project , so he focused only on those who were interested in and comfortable with having their portrait taken . For the portraits , Hermann sought a neutral background . He first tried shooting under a bridge near the market , but quickly realized the lighting did not match the mood he wanted to create . He then decided to create the portraits by the Hooghly River . This allowed him to combine the hazy smog in the air , sunlight from above and studio lights of his own , which culminated to produce a surreal effect and overexposed look that made his subjects stand out . "  All the pictures are shot within noon and 3 p.m. when you have the sun straight from above , which gives  the portraits  this very hard light , " Hermann said . "  And then I just used some studio light as a fill to make it a little bit more soft . " Although the composition of the majority of Hermann 's portraits encompasses the flower sellers in front of a neutral background , other portraits forgo this characteristic and consequently bring a sense of movement and fluidity to "  Flower Man . " Viewers may see people or a dog appearing in a frame , or even birds flying in the sky and a boat floating in the water . One of the reasons Hermann did not create the flower sellers ' portraits directly inside the market is because of the hectic atmosphere . Hermann compares Malik Ghat to the environments of financial trading and fish markets . "  It 's impossible to shoot at the market , especially if you want a clean and quiet background , because there 's so much going on , " Hermann said . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Similar to the commitment needed to effectively and successfully operate within the financial and food industries , Hermann emphasized that the competitive atmosphere of the market and work ethic of the flower sellers was a major factor in whether a seller would agree to have their portrait made . "  All the other sellers -- they are so busy , so just convincing them to go near the river to get their portrait done and spend maybe 15 minutes of their time was a challenge , " Hermann said . "  Because every minute they 're not standing in the flower  market  , they lose money . " Hermann said that another important reason some flower sellers decided not to be photographed was because flowers are highly valued in India and serve as a prominent feature during many events and moments in people 's lives , including everything from religious rituals and festivals to weddings and parties . "  Some of the flowers ,  the sellers  did n't allow us to take pictures of because they 're flowers used for offering in the temple , " Hermann said . "  It was more a problem about the flowers than actually the guy behind , because they did n't want us to take the pictures because  the flowers would  lose their purity . " Challenging perceptions and breaking down barriers are underlying elements within "  Flower Man . " Hermann said viewers must not make assumptions about the socioeconomic status of the sellers , nor should they view the sellers through a fixed , rigid lens regarding the behaviors and roles associated with gender . Noticeable throughout the portraits is that none of the sellers is smiling , which is usually a behavior people tend to exhibit when in the presence of a camera . The lack of a smile enhances the organic nature of "  Flower Man , " making the portraits a powerful representation of unforced and unfabricated human emotion . "  If you want to take pictures in India , people tend to just stand up and look proud and strong , " Hermann said . "  It 's very different from the Western world because if you take pictures here , people tend to smile . " Like people , flowers come in all shapes , sizes and colors . When viewing Hermann 's photos , this fact leaves viewers to consider if it is not the flowers that are decorations , but rather the sellers who bring vibrancy to the flowers . In the portrait of Sanju Joshi , for example , he is engulfed in endless layers of orange . "  They use these flowers in temples and all over India , so that 's one of the more common flowers at the market , " Hermann said . "  I really like that picture because they carry the flowers like it is a dress . You should see when they walk through the flower market , it 's almost like  the flowers are  all alive . " Similarly , the abundant leaves come to life in Odhir Gayen 's portrait . "  These are a special kind of leaves , and many of  the sellers  carry them on their head and  on their  arms , " Hermann said . "  And when they walk around , it 's almost like a human bush or something like that . " Hermann plans to return to Malik Ghat and looks forward not only to the opportunity to photograph different kinds of flowers -- as the range varies based on the seasons -- but also to the chance to present the flower sellers featured in "  Flower Man " with their portraits . "  I enjoyed this project , " Hermann said . "  There 's a lot of photographers going to India and then showing a poor , bad situation . ... I have a totally different approach . I want to show some more proudness and find the beauty of people . " Ken Hermann is a photographer based in Copenhagen . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Malik Ghat is a wholesale flower market in India that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day Photographer Ken Hermann spent 10 days at the market photographing his project "  Flower Man "
CNN  -- The pilots of the commercial jetliner that last week overshot its destination by about 150 miles have said they were using their laptops and lost track of time and location , federal safety officials said Monday . The Airbus A320 was flying at 37,000 feet over the Denver , Colorado , area at 5:56 p.m. Wednesday when it last made radio contact , the safety board said . Northwest Flight 188 had departed San Diego en route to Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport carrying 144 passengers , two pilots and three flight attendants . Northwest recently merged with Delta Air Lines . "  Using laptops or engaging in activity unrelated to the pilots ' command of the aircraft during flight is strictly against the airline 's flight deck policies and violations of that policy will result in termination , " Delta said Monday in a statement . Pilot Timothy B. Cheney , 53 , was hired in 1985 and has more than 20,000 hours flight time ; First Officer Richard I. Cole , 54 , was hired in 1997 and has about 11,000 hours of flight time , the report said . Neither pilot reported having had an accident , incident or violation , neither had any ongoing medical conditions and neither said he was tired , it said . They each had a 19-hour layover in San Diego ; neither said he had slept or argued during the flight , but both said "  there was a distraction " in the cockpit , according to the report . The pilots said there was "  a concentrated period of discussion where they did not monitor the airplane or calls " from air traffic control , though both said they heard conversation on the radio , the report said . Neither pilot said he noticed messages sent by company dispatchers , it added . It said the men were talking about the new monthly crew flight scheduling system put into place in the wake of Northwest 's merger with Delta Air Lines . "  Each pilot accessed and used his personal laptop computer while they discussed the airline crew flight scheduling procedure , " the report said . "  The first officer , who was more familiar with the procedure , was providing instruction to the captain . "  Neither pilot said he was aware of where the plane was until a flight attendant called the cockpit about five minutes before the plane was to have landed and asked their estimated time of arrival , the report said . "  The captain said , at that point , he looked at his primary flight display for an ETA and realized that they had passed " the airport , it added . After 78 minutes of radio silence , the pilots re-established radio contact with air traffic controllers , it said . After landing at Minneapolis-St . Paul , both voluntarily underwent alcohol breath tests , which proved negative , the report said . The safety board said its investigators interviewed the pilots separately Sunday in Minnesota for more than five hours combined . The investigation will include scrutiny of the flight and voice data recorders , it said . An airline spokesman said Monday the company has sent the passengers on the plane $ 500 travel vouchers to compensate them for their inconvenience , and that the pilots have been suspended until the conclusion of the investigations . The NTSB on Monday interviewed the three flight attendants who were on the plane , a spokesman for the Association of Flight Attendants said . The lead flight attendant told officers she was unaware there had been an incident aboard , according to the report . Police who met the wayward jet said the pilots were "  cooperative , apologetic and appreciative . " The NTSB is hoping the plane 's cockpit voice recorder either will confirm the pilot 's account or provide evidence of another possible explanation , including whether the captain and first officer fell asleep . Watch the co-pilot speak The voice recorder is capable of recording only 30 minutes of audio , federal accident investigators said . The plane was in the air for another 45 minutes after radio contact was restored , meaning that if the recorder was working properly , anything the pilots would have said during the time they were n't answering radio calls would have been recorded over . But a former accident investigator said the voice recorder may still provide valuable information , because the pilots could have discussed the earlier events on the way back to Minneapolis after overshooting the airport . The flight data recorder also could prove valuable because it would have recorded actions taken by the pilots during the 78 minutes they did not respond to repeated calls from air traffic controllers , the ex-investigator said . Meanwhile , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which scrambled fighter jets for the wayward plane but did not launch them , said it was reviewing procedures for launching the fighters to track potentially hijacked or suspicious aircraft . At issue is the Federal Aviation Administration 's apparent delay in notifying NORAD the Northwest jet was not in contact with controllers , according to a senior U.S. official directly familiar with the timeline of the incident . Watch how the military is looking at a possible FAA delay The official , who declined to be identified because the military and the FAA are reviewing the incident , said the FAA 's request for military involvement came after the plane passed the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport . NORAD scrambled fighter jets at two locations . But as they approached the runway for takeoff , the FAA reported being back in contact with the Northwest flight , and the fighters stayed on the ground . "  My real question is why we did not know of the ` radio out ' situation from the FAA sooner , " the official said . "  The FAA is also looking into that . " Since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , NORAD has regularly launched fighter jets to track aircraft in unusual situations such as when they deviate from flight plans , lose radio contact or enter restricted airspace . According to a second U.S. official , NORAD is in constant contact with the FAA so it can respond when situations arise . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Delta statement : "  Using laptops ... will result in termination " NEW : Pilots have been suspended until investigations conclude Northwest says it 's offering $ 500 travel vouchers to passengers Flight overshot Minneapolis by 150 miles ; Feds interview flight attendants
EW.com  -- The most anticipated new TV series of 2011 really kicked off on Sunday as the four "  X Factor " judges -- Simon Cowell , singer Cheryl Cole , record-label exec L.A. Reid , and , yes , Paula Abdul -- gathered to audition wannabe superstars in downtown Los Angeles . Before the judges stepped onto the stage of the Galen Center on the campus of the University of Southern California , the show 's hosts , former Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger and British TV personality Steve Jones , introduced themselves to the audience . "  You 're all probably wondering , Who the hell is this douche ? " said the self-deprecating Jones , while Scherzinger danced around him . "  Steve 's actually a great singer , " Scherzinger said . "  You wan na hear him ? " The crowd cheered him on , at which point he offered to croon ... "  Back for Good " by the very British group Take That .  Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge Take That fan , but I think I could have counted on one hand the people there who had any idea of what he was talking about . Unfortunately , it was then time for the judges to take the stage , so we did n't get to hear Jones ' musical chops . "  You are going to be our fifth judge , " Cowell told the crowd . "  You 're here to tell us who you like , who you do n't like . You can certainly be as badly behaved as you want , actually . " He then passed the mic to Reid , who introduced himself by saying , "  To be clear , I 'm not the Randy of the panel . I do n't say ` dawg , ' but I do judge talent honestly . I 'm brutally honest . And I may not even agree with what you guys think . " He then added with a smile : "  I 've had more success at it than you . "  That was a very interesting foreshadowing of a battle Reid would soon have with the audience . But more on that in a bit . It was then Abdul 's turn . "  I 'm thrilled that you invited me back , " she said to Cowell . "  It 's a blessing to be part of this . And I could n't be more thrilled to have someone on the panel here also who has experienced what it 's like to sit next to him ... Miss Cheryl Cole . " EW.com : Steve Jones , Nicole Scherzinger set to co-host ' X Factor ' The charming Cole then made her first statement to the audience : "  I 'm going to love getting to know America , and I hope you like to get to know me too . You might have to bear with the accent just a little bit , but I 'm sure you 'll get used to it . " From a nuts and bolts standpoint , "  The X Factor " looks kind of like "  American Idol , " except with Pepsi cups on the table .  Cowell and Abdul seemed happy to be reunited : During one break he lovingly petted her hair . But one of the biggest differences was apparent the minute the first contestants hit the stage . The first act to audition was a duo  though not a very good one  , comprised of two twentysomething male friends . Reid was fairly tough right off the bat : "  It looked like you guys were having a good time , " he said of their rendition of TLC 's "  Waterfalls , " "  but I 'm not sure you 're cut out for the big time . " The talent did n't look too promising from there . The first solo singer , a 52-year-old mom who butchered "  Wind Beneath My Wings , " earned so many boos from the audience members  many of whom started singing "  Na Na Hey Hey Goodbye "  that the show 's audience warm-up guy had to say , "  We 're going to try and steer away from the negativity " and ask them not to boo the contestants . But the real drama surrounded the eighth contestant , a 35-year-old female rapper/singer . After she performed a Jessie J-esque rap original called "  Cluck Cluck , " the instant crowd favorite got a no vote from Cowell and yeses from Abdul and Cole , leaving her fate in Reid 's hands . The mogul voted no , leading to loud boos from the audience . After she left the stage , crowd members chanted "  Bring her back ! " at which point producers had her walk back on the stage . The judges told her she had 30 seconds to perform something else . Her second number was even stronger , and led to an even more enthusiastic response from the crowd  who were clearly taking Cowell 's "  fifth judge " edict seriously  . Said a defiant Reid : "  I 'm changing my no vote , not because of them , but because of you . " The fact remains , however , that had the crowd not demanded she be given a second chance , she would n't have gotten it .  You 'll have to watch the show when it premieres this fall to see if she officially made it through to the next round . In all , Abdul and Cole were certainly the kinder mentors , while it 's looking like it could be a battle between Cowell and Reid for the title of "  X Factor 's " harshest judge . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The X Factor " looks kind of like "  American Idol , " except with Pepsi cups on the table One of the biggest differences was that the first act to audition was a duo Abdul and Cole were the kinder mentors , while Cowell and Reid are the harshest judges
CNN  -- As severe weather moved eastward , the devastation mounted Thursday in parts of the Midwest where hundreds mourned the deaths of loved ones and clung to hopes they 'd be found alive following a wave of powerful tornadoes . Severe thunderstorm warnings and watches extended from South Carolina north along the Appalachian mountains to West Virginia on Thursday evening . Tornado watches that had been issued the same night for parts of Pennysylvania , New York and Vermont , meanwhile came and went without any signs of significant damage . Two people died Thursday evening in Atlanta , at the southern edge of the storm system , after trees fell on two vehicles , said city police spokeswoman Kim Jones . There were also numerous reports of wires and trees down throughout the city , though no indication of any tornado like those that ripped through the central United States earlier this week . The worst-hit community is Joplin , Missouri . The twister that hit that city Sunday night was the single deadliest in the United States since modern record-keeping began 61 years ago . Newton County Coroner Mark Bridges told CNN on Thursday night that the death toll from the EF5 twister -- which had winds topping 200 mph -- had risen to 126 people . Those bodies were being stored in temporary refrigeration units , while they are identified and eventually released to their relatives . After flying in $ 2 million worth of equipment , a federal government team will head the effort to positively identify the tornado victims , according to Bridges . After the first case resulted in a false identification , authorities are now not allowing individuals in because many bodies are in such bad condition that they 're difficult to recognize , the coroner said . Instead , they are relying on information like dental records , fingerprints , DNA and other such data . "  A lot have blood on their face , they do n't look like they used to look , " Bridges said of the victims . As criticism grew that authorities were n't moving fast enough , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said he asked the state 's Department of Public Safety to take over the process of identifying victims on Wednesday . Andrea Spillars , the department 's deputy director , led the team of 60 people who worked through the night and released a list Thursday -- published online at dps.mo.gov -- of 232 people who have been reported missing since Sunday night . The governor said that he expected the pace of the body-identification and release process to pick up significantly in the coming days . "  When I see the local folks strained beyond their limits , we move in , " Nixon told CNN on Thursday , adding that "  now is not the time to point fingers . " "  The mourning here is not over  but  we 're going to do everything we can . " Roughly 8,000 structures in Joplin suffered damage , city manager Mark Rohr said , citing a Federal Emergency Management Agency report . The southwest Missouri city feared another blow late Tuesday as storms moved through the area , but there were no reported touchdowns then . But the same storm system late Tuesday and early Wednesday left 10 people dead in Oklahoma , four in Arkansas and two in Kansas , authorities said . The numbers have fluctuated as officials scramble to deal with the disaster . The most severe damage from that round of severe weather appeared to be in central Oklahoma 's Canadian County , which includes a sliver of of Oklahoma City . At least seven people were killed and more than 100 were injured , according to the sheriff 's department and the county 's emergency management office . Others were missing , authorities said . Cole Hamil , a 15-month-old boy , was among those killed . And on Thursday , authorities found the body of his 3-year-old brother , Ryan , floating in a lake . Their 5-year-old sister Cathleen survived , as did their mother Catherine Hamil , who is pregnant . "  I lost both of my boys , " said a tearful Hank Hamil , the brothers ' father , on Thursday . "  Ryan was my little buddy . Cole was , too . I loved them both , " said Hank Hamil , who was out of town when the storms struck . It has been a historic tornado season in the United States . More than 500 people have been killed , according to figures from the National Weather Service and local authorities . That makes 2011 the deadliest season since 1953 , when 519 people were killed in twisters . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin declared a state of emergency Wednesday in 68 Oklahoma counties hit by the tornadoes and other severe weather . Only nine counties in the state were not included in the declaration . "  Our hearts go out to those who lost their loved ones in the storms last night , and our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all the families and communities that have been affected , " Craig Fugate , head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , said in a statement . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Vivian Kuo , Randi Kaye and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornado watches come and go , without incident , in the Northeast Two people die after trees fall on vehicles during storm in Atlanta , police say The death toll in Joplin , Missouri , rises to 126 people , the coroner says The governor says he expects the pace of body-identification will now pick up
The 550-foot-tall High Roller has finally opened on the Las Vegas Strip . The High Roller Ferris wheel is part of "  the LINQ , " a Caesars Entertainment-created shopping and entertainment district . The wheel received its operating license on Friday . Riders will get a 30-minute ride and view of the city in one of two booths in each of the wheel 's 28 Italian glass cabins , each 44,000 pounds in weight . Each cabin holds up to 40 people , totally 1,120 people at capacity . Ticket prices range from $ 24.95 for a standard day ticket to $ 59.95 for the express that allows you to board anytime without waiting in line . Check out the gallery to see how it compares to other favorites around the world .	Las Vegas is the latest city to add a Ferris wheel to its entertainment options The SkyView Atlanta Ferris Wheel has 42 climate-controlled observation cabins The Tianjin Eye in China near Beijing , was built on a bridge across a river
CNN  -- Judge William Adams , who made national headlines after the release of a 2004 video of him beating his then-teenage daughter , has been suspended by the Texas Supreme Court . Adams , while not admitting guilt or wrongdoing , agreed to the suspension . He will be paid during the suspension . The judge 's lawyer , William Dudley , said his client proposed the suspension motion with input from the state Commission on Judicial Conduct , which is investigating the incident . Adams already was on voluntary leave , Dudley said in a statement to CNN . In a separate ruling , a Texas judge ruled Wednesday that Adams can have supervised visitation with his younger daughter , 10 . Adams , a court-at-law judge in Aransas County , was roundly criticized when his now-adult daughter posted online a video of him beating her with a belt when she was 16 . The video also showed the judge cursing and berating Hillary Adams . William Adams was punishing the girl for using the Internet "  to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time , " Hillary Adams wrote on the web posting . The video is punctuated by cracks of the man 's belt and the girl 's screams and cries . At one point in the 7 1/2 - minute video , the man says to his near-hysterical daughter , "  What happened to you , Hillary ? Once you were an obedient , nice little girl . Now you lie , cheat and steal . " He yells at her , "  You want to put some more computer games on ? You want some more ? " "  Are you happy ? " he asks her . "  Disobeying your parents ? You do n't deserve to f -- ing be in this house . " He also berates the girl 's mother for allowing a "  f -- ing computer " in the house . "  I wanted to show my father , ` Hey , I think you were in some denial about the way you are treating me and my mother . ' And maybe showing him this would make him see something he did n't before , " Hillary Adams , now 23 , told CNN . Earlier this month , William Adams released a statement to explain his side of the story . "  If the public must know , just prior to the YouTube upload , a concerned father shared with his 23-year-old daughter that he was unwilling to continue to work hard and be her primary source of financial support , if she was going to simply ` drop out , ' and strive to achieve no more in life than to work part-time at a video game store , " the judge said in a statement . Adams handles family-related and juvenile court issues for the county court system . Meanwhile , a judge ruled Wednesday that Adams can have supervised visitation with his 10-year-old daughter . "  Respondent is enjoined from causing bodily injury to the child or threatening the child with bodily injury , " District Judge Kemper Stephen Williams ordered . "  The parties are ... ordered to conduct themselves at all times in a manner that will minimize the exposure of the child to harmful parental conflict , " according to a copy of the order provided by attorney Brett Pritchard , who represents the judge 's former wife , Hallie Adams . Dudley said both parents , who have joint custody , have been ordered to attend a parenting class . They divorced in 2007 . "  Judge Adams is certain that Judge Williams ' ruling reflects the trial court 's paramount duty to protect this child 's best interests , " Dudley said in a statement . "  Judge Adams will take all appropriate steps to abide by the court 's temporary ruling . " Hallie Adams had unilaterally tried to keep his client away from the girl , Dudley said . A temporary restraining order issued earlier this month enjoined Adams from visiting his younger daughter , Pritchard said . Earlier this month , Hallie Adams told CNN 's Anderson Cooper about what she called a dysfunctional home where violence was a regular occurrence . The mother participated in the videotaped beating , but has since apologized . She said her former husband told her to help administer the punishment . "  She 's ashamed she allowed that to happen , " Pritchard told CNN Wednesday . "  She 's elated her 10-year-old will be able to visit with her dad but not be subjected to emotional and verbal abuse . "	Judge can have supervised visitation with younger daughter Another court order suspends Judge William Adams The judge was roundly criticized when a video of him beating his daughter with a belt surfaced The judge has defended his actions from video
CNN  -- Over the course of two days , 10.5 million people spent four hours watching Kim Kardashian and NBA player Kris Humphries tie the knot . Since the couple 's E! special , "  Kim 's Fairytale Wedding , " which aired on October 9 and 10 , the pair has honeymooned in Europe , celebrated Kardashian 's 31st birthday in Las Vegas , filmed a new season of "  Kourtney & Kim Take New York " and filed for divorce . Citing irreconcilable differences , according to court documents from Los Angeles Superior Court , Kardashian filed for divorce from her husband of 72 days on Monday . Please take this time to pick your jaws up off the floor . Wait , you 're not surprised ? Most people probably saw this coming , said Jared Shapiro , executive editor at Life & Style Weekly . "  Anyone that saw the wedding and the time leading up to it ... there was an ` Oh boy , what 's she getting herself into ? ' " Shapiro said . "  I do n't think people are surprised that there was trouble and that it ended . But I do n't think people expected it to end this fast . " "  Kim 's Fairytale Wedding " -- an appropriate title , as "  Kim 's Fairytale Marriage " would miss something in syndication -- certainly did n't skimp on the drama . If the couple was trying to display how in love they were to the world , they fell a little short . CNN.com readers react to the divorce news The special showed the couple arguing over everything from seating charts and desserts to who would perform at their wedding  singer Robin Thicke beat out Christina Aguilera .  Not to mention the blowout that ensued when Kardashian told Humphries she was n't taking his name . They probably did n't go through every detail that should be discussed before a wedding , Shapiro said , noting that some media outlets are reporting the couple could n't agree on a place to live . "  I have to be in L.A. for work and  Humphries  loves to go to Minnesota and he also has a place in Miami , " Kardashian told People in September . "  I think we 'll kind of figure it out as we go along . " "  That 's why you have a relationship , then an engagement , then a marriage , " Shapiro added . "  Celebrities often call their engagements off , too . That did n't happen . The fact that it was being filmed for TV might have accelerated all their problems . " Face it : If a couple ca n't compromise on what desserts to have at their wedding , how are they supposed to settle on a place to live ? And let 's not forget about the mustache Humphries grew before the big day to prove he still had control over his life .  He ended up shaving it before walking down the aisle . Of course , it 's impossible to discount the role editing plays in reality shows like this one . However , why would E! be hell-bent on making sure Kardashian and her future hubby looked completely discontented with one another ? So what does it come down to ? "  Kim wanted to get married and be a wife and a bride , " said Mike Walters , a news manager at TMZ . "  But did that trump , ' I want to marry Kris and be his wife ? ' " "  After all the wedding hoopla ended , " Walters added , "  they realized they 're not good for each other . " Read Narcissists want weddings , not marriage But , Walters and Life & Style 's Shapiro agree , sham is n't the right word to describe the pair 's short-lived union . "  Guess what , she really got married and she really got divorced , " Shapiro said . "  This part was n't scripted . ... She did n't want to get divorced in front of the whole world . What about the people who gave them wedding gifts ? ... This is n't a game she played . She tried to make it work . It did n't . She pulled the trigger . " On the flip side , when Khloe Kardashian wed Lamar Odom after one month , some people assumed their marriage was just a publicity stunt . Now , two years later , the couple is still together . Ironically , or not , their relationship was even questioned by Humphries during "  Kim 's Fairytale Wedding " special . Seventy-two days of marriage might yield a one-hour divorce special , Walters said , but , "  How much great TV would they have gotten if Kim and Kris had moved to Minnesota , not liked it , moved back to L.A. ? ... This could have been something they played out for months . " Walters , who said Kardashian and Humphries were "  100 % genuine , " joked , "  If this was made up for the show , they could have done it a lot better . "	Kardashian files for divorce from her husband of 72 days on Monday Reality star cites irreconcilable differences , according to court documents Source : Most people probably were n't surprised the marriage failed
CNN  -- As the final days of 2012 trickle away , an uncommon emotional intensity hangs in the air in America . Something is happening here . The country stands on the cusp of major change . Gun control is just one of the formerly taboo subjects that has come out of the political closet . Today , a majority of Americans support stricter gun laws , a majority support a more progressive tax system and most favor same-sex marriage . A majority of voters even support the idea of legalizing marijuana . The laws have not caught up with this dramatic change in attitudes , and entrenched interests will fight what amounts to a quiet but pivotal social revolution . The coming year will see continuing battles in the courts , in the media and in legislatures , as the forces of change -- now representing the majority -- seek to upset the status quo . No topic has stirred more passion in recent days than the clash between two competing rights : the right to own guns and the right not to get shot . Americans feel the lingering sadness , confusion and anger surrounding a recent massacre of schoolchildren , stirred more by the outrageous , dumbfounding , Christmas Eve murder of firefighters responding to a call for help in New York . Then there 's that strange , unbecoming political show , the one with the ticking clock , known as the fiscal cliff . The contest over the budget sounds arcane , but it deals with a fundamental social value , the role of government in society , and the way the burden of financing ought to be shared . Those are just the most immediate of the ongoing dramas adding stress to holiday dinners , energy to television shows and liveliness to coffee house debates . The United States is reassessing matters that many thought had been settled . It was n't very long ago that the views from the most conservative elements of the political establishment dominated the social agenda . Since the turn of the century we had seen a steady turn toward lower taxes , a ban on even discussing gun control , a rising wave of anti-gay legislation and all manner of conservative legislation . America seemed left behind , ossified , as other parts of the Western world , which generally share America 's culture and values , revised their views and rules on social issues . In July , after the movie theater massacre in Colorado , President Obama unhelpfully , unnervingly , mused that "  if there 's anything to take away from this tragedy , it 's the reminder that life is very fragile . " This time , in the wake of the Newtown massacre , he found a more practical takeaway , launching a push to stop gun violence . Most importantly , the tragedy energized the growing majority of Americans who support stepped-up gun control . It also prompted the powerful NRA to push back , and we can expect an all-out campaign whose outcome is far from certain . But the battle has been joined -- and not just in Washington . It took far too many killings , but the massacre at Sandy Hook elementary finally pushed the matter of gun rights one awful step too far , and the conversation changed . Jeffrey Toobin : 2013 , a year for big issues in the courts People who have spent decades working tirelessly for change will no doubt want to correct the impression that all this change has come suddenly . Surely , gay rights activists , gun control organizations have toiled with only minimal victories as reward . In recent months , however , we have reached a tipping point . It may have something to do with the media -- social media , television , the Internet -- providing a boost to the message , a message of human dignity and common sense . It certainly has much to do with demographics . Young people , growing up with new ideas , are picking up the torch of social change . Today , a majority of Americans -- 57 % -- favor stricter gun control , jumping sharply from 39 % just a few months ago . That 's bad news for the most conservative elements in society , who think the government should stand back from almost every aspect of our lives . But the truly radical transformation has come in the area of gay rights . For the first time , Gallup Polls show a majority of Americans support full marriage equality for gay couples . That 's an astonishing change . But it 's not as astonishing as the wholesale acceptance of gay people that has suffused American society in the last few years . Perhaps it was "  Will and Grace " or "  Glee " or President Obama 's long-delayed approval of same-sex marriage . Probably all of the above and much more , but a switch has been flipped . The cause has gained an unstoppable momentum , so unstoppable that even if full equality is denied by the conservative-tilted Supreme Court , scheduled to rule on the issue by this summer , it will only amount to a delay of the inevitable . Once again , the people are leading their leaders . Public views , especially among the young , hold that discrimination is not only wrong , it 's silly . Attitudes are changing in other ways that seemed unthinkable not long ago . Who would have thought Americans would favor legalizing drugs ? Two-thirds of voters under age 30 support legalizing pot , bringing the overall total to 51 % , and giving a boost to referendum campaigns on the issue . The wisdom of lowering taxes also dominated for many years , but no more . Three-quarters of Americans agree it makes sense to make the tax system more progressive , raising the burden on the wealthy . What exactly "  wealthy " means is still unclear . And , as in all the other areas of change , the battle to transform those majority views into law will be hard-fought . With just a few days before the start of 2013 , the issues facing America are serious , the disagreements are intense , and the range of views is wide . And yet , the country is facing its choices with nervous anticipation . Something is happening in America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : After years in which conservative views predominated , U.S. is changing Ghitis : 2013 should see impact of support for progressive tax rates , same-sex marriage Gun control is now considered an urgent issue once again , she says Ghitis : Opponents of progressive policies will stand against change
For weeks now , I 've been warning viewers about the video I 'm about to show them . They are horrific images from the conflict in Syria -- images of blood-stained walls , butchered children and dead babies . On air , I preface the footage with an emphatic warning : "  They are disturbing and not appropriate for all viewers . But given the nature of the attack and the number of dead , we believe showing them is necessary to convey the extent of this atrocity . " Opposition groups say almost 13,000 people have died since the uprising began more than a year ago , with countless more wounded . Photojournalist Robert King risked his life to document the human toll in the besieged Syrian city of Al Qusayr . His footage takes you inside the makeshift hospitals where doctors and medics work under appalling conditions . You see the blood-soaked mattresses . You see the bloodied children . You hear their wailing mothers . Syria rebels turn to homemade bombs King tells me in the 20 years he 's been covering conflict , he has never photographed so many wounded children . He wants his footage to tell the story of the Syrian people to the wider public . "  I also hope these images can be a historical reference to prosecute Assad for war crimes against humanity , " he said . The unaltered image is the ultimate portrayal of reality . It depicts the terror on the ground and the urgent need for help . But can it stop the bloodshed ? U.N. monitors find Syrian ghost town This month is the 40th anniversary of one of the most unforgettable images of modern conflict . It 's the Pulitzer Prize-winning photo of nine-year-old Kim Phuc taken during the Vietnam War on June 8 , 1972 . She is naked and running , her clothes and layers of skin melted away by napalm . Huynh Cong "  Nick " Ut took the photograph . He also helped the young girl get treatment for her injuries . She survived and later founded the Kim Phuc Foundation , providing medical and psychological help to child victims of war . The haunting image of the aftermath of a napalm attack captured the horror of this bloody conflict . It also , some believe , helped to end the war . Veteran photo editor Horst Faas , who died in May this year , once said : "  It changed the war . I met so many American soldiers who said ` Nicky because of your picture I 'll get to go home early . ' " A single snapshot can depict the truth of conflict and drive commitment to end the violence . But that 's not the case for Syria . Thanks to video clips uploaded by opposition activists to YouTube and the work of journalists like King , we have -- for months -- witnessed the constant death , pain and suffering inside Syria . And yet , there is diplomatic deadlock at the United Nations . A massacre is followed by reports of another mass killing . The conflict drags on and on and on . King has given Syria 's victims a human face with his footage . But he 's more horrified by the public apathy than the atrocities he 's captured on video . "  I 've never experienced such an indifference with the public , " he told me with an exasperated sigh . "  I was amazed . I 've photographed children wounded in Sarajevo and moved nations into action . But here in Syria , you have wounded children everyday and nobody seems to care . It 's horrifying . " The shots from Syria taken by him and others have been seen around the world . But these stirring images have failed to stir any meaningful action .	Photojournalist Robert King risks his life to document the human toll in Syria 's conflict Unlike other conflicts , where images have provoked action , King says the world has done nothing King says in his 20-year career he has never photographed so many wounded children Veteran photojournalist Horst Fass remembers the impact of images on the Vietnam War
When Nailah Winkfield took her daughter to Children 's Hospital & Research Center in Oakland , California , for a tonsillectomy , she thought it would be a short stay . "  When I walked her into that hospital , she was perfectly fine , " Winkfield told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  There was nothing wrong with her . She had no health problems . " After the December 9 surgery , Jahi McMath , 13 , woke up and asked her mother for a popsicle . But a short time later , the teen started bleeding from her mouth and nose . Winkfield watched in horror as Jahi went into cardiac arrest . Doctors later declared Jahi brain-dead and told Winkfield they were going to take her off life support . Her parents are fighting the hospital 's decision , asking for just a little more time . "  The big question is , ` How in the world did this happen ? ' " said CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  You 're talking about a tonsillectomy , right ? " Tonsillectomy is the third most common surgical procedure performed on children in the United States , according to the American Academy of Otolaryngology , after circumcision and ear tubes . While not as common in adults , tonsillectomy joins the list of other common surgical procedures , such as appendectomy , cholecystectomy  gallbladder removal  and cesarean section . But just because these surgeries are routine does n't mean they 're 100 % safe . There 's a reason the consent form you sign at the hospital is so detailed . While your surgeon may have successfully performed this particular procedure thousands of times , each patient is different . Your risk does n't change because the person who was on the operating table before you survived . "  The complications are very rare , " said Dr. Albert Wu , director of the Center for Health Services and Outcomes Research at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . But "  uncontrollable bleeding can happen in almost any surgery . In extreme cases , you can bleed out . " In general , Wu said , the most common post-surgery complications are bleeding , infection and damage to nearby tissue . During a tonsillectomy , for example , surgeons are removing the tonsils , two oval-shaped pads , near the back of the throat . To do so , they must cut or burn away the tonsils , which could lead to a small artery being nicked . Usually surgeons will stop the bleeding by cauterizing it , Wu said , but some people do n't clot well . A 2003 study of more than 14,000 tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy patients in Germany examined the post-operative complications for these surgeries .  An adenoidectomy removes the patients ' adenoids and is commonly done alongside a tonsillectomy .  Bleeding occurred in about 3 % of the patients ; five needed a blood transfusion . Another study done in Europe in 2004 that included more than 33,000 tonsillectomy patients found about 1.3 % were delayed in being discharged or returned to the hospital in the 28 days after surgery . Eight patients received a blood transfusion . One death was reported during the study period . The statistics are slightly higher for other common surgical procedures . A study of 1,254 laparoscopic cholecystectomies done in the Netherlands found complications in 12 % of the patients . Yet the risk of death is still low ; a 1996 meta-analysis found the mortality rate for gallbladder removal was between .086 % and .74 % . Certain patients are at greater risk during general surgery than others , Wu said . Patients with pre-existing conditions such as heart , lung or liver problems are more likely to suffer from complications or die . "  The stress of surgery can be too much for you to be able to maintain  your body 's  equilibrium , " Wu said . Obese patients are also at greater risk . A small study published in 2012 showed severely obese children undergoing tonsillectomies had an increased risk of complications during their surgeries . But what if the patient 's body is n't at fault ? What if it 's the surgeon who messes up ? Medical errors kill more than 200,000 people every year in the United States , according to a study published in September . Add them all up and "  you have probably the third leading cause of death " in the country , Dr. Peter Pronovost , senior vice president for patient safety and quality at Johns Hopkins Hospital , told CNN during a 2012 investigation into common medical mistakes . 10 shocking medical mistakes Wu said patients should tell their surgeons "  everything that they know about themselves , " including their past experiences with surgery and anesthesia , whether they have any allergies , and if they 're prone to bruising or heavy bleeding . "  The question people should always ask is , ` Do I need this surgery ? ' " Wu said . "  In some cases not having surgery is riskier than having the surgery ... but for many , many things , the surgery is quite discretionary . You have a choice . "	Jahi McMath , 13 , was declared brain-dead after a tonsillectomy Tonsillectomies are the third most common surgical procedure for U.S. children Complications are rare , but uncontrolled bleeding can happen Patients should ask themselves if they really need the surgery , expert says
Late night TV host Jimmy Kimmel apologized for airing a clip of a child suggesting that "  killing everyone in China " could be a solution to America 's debt problem . "  You know , today is a weird day , " Kimmel said on Monday 's show . "  There seems to be a lot of people upset with me , more upset than usual . " Chinese-American groups organized several protests and a petition drive after the October 16 broadcast of ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live . " The offending remark came while Kimmel was talking to a group of children , ages 5 and 6 , about the United States government 's debt , much of which is held by China . "  America owes China a lot of money , $ 1.3 trillion , " Kimmel told the children . "  How should we pay them back ? " "  Shoot cannons all the way over and kill everyone in China , " one boy said . "  Kill everyone in China ? OK , that 's an interesting idea , " Kimmel said . He then posed the question : "  Should we allow the Chinese to live ? " While one boy said , "  No , " most of the children said , "  Yes . " "  If we do n't allow them to live , then they 'll try to kill us , " a girl said . "  Well , this has been an interesting edition of Kid 's Table -- The Lord of the Flies edition , " Kimmel said as the segment ended . ABC published an apology Friday , saying the network "  would never purposefully broadcast anything to upset the Chinese community , Asian community , anyone of Chinese descent or any community at large . " The letter from ABC executives addressed to the 80-20 National Asian American Political Action Committee promised "  swift action to minimize the distribution of the skit by removing it from all platforms and editing it out of any future airings of the show . " "  I thought it was obvious that I did n't agree with that statement , but apparently it was n't , " Kimmel said Monday . "  So I just want to say I am sorry . I apologize . It was certainly not my intent to upset anyone . " He ended his apology by saying , "  I 'm here to turn frowns upside down . "	Kimmel : "  There seems to be a lot of people upset with me " He asked a panel of children how they would resolve the U.S. debt to China Child panelist : "  Shoot cannons all the way over and kill everyone in China " Groups protested , started petition drive against the ABC show
CNN  -- The first democratically elected president of Zambia , who become the focus of a lengthy corruption trial during his retirement , died at his home early Saturday , his spokesman said . Frederick Chiluba was 68 . He ruled the nation from 1991 to 2001 . "  The death was a surprise for us because he was normal during the day , " spokesman Emmanuel Mwamba said by phone from Lusaka . "  He met some people , had appointments and consulted . It was a normal day . " Mwamba said a doctor came to the former leader 's home hours before he died after he complained of stomach pains . He was treated and appeared fine , but later became unconscious . He died surrounded by his wife and some relatives , the spokesman said . The former president suffered from heart problems during his retirement and had undergone treatment overseas . Chiluba took over after 27 years of one-party rule under strongman Kenneth Kaunda . In the early stages of his presidency , Chiluba became popular for setting up political reforms in the nation . He later resorted to an autocratic rule that especially targeted opposition rivals and outspoken journalists . An attempted military coup to oust him in 1997 failed , leading Chiluba to throw some of his opponents in prison , including Kaunda . After unsuccessfully trying to amend the constitution to extend his two terms in office , Chiluba handed over to his hand-picked successor , Levy Mwanawasa . Shortly after the successor took office , he turned on Chiluba and called for a corruption trial against him . A London court convicted him of fraud in absentia and ordered him to repay millions of dollars in government funds , but Zambia did not honor the ruling . The trial was held in London because some of the alleged corruption occurred there . Chiluba accused Britain , which colonized Zambia , of interfering with the nation 's judicial system . Zambia acquitted him of additional corruption charges in 2009 . Journalist Chibaula Silwamba contributed to this report from Lusaka , Zambia	Chiluba ruled the country from 1991 to 2001 He was popular for setting up political reforms in the early years of his term He later resorted to an autocratic rule that targeted the opposition
CNN  Snow is falling at a faster rate . Wind gusts are getting stronger . And temperatures are frigid . It may not look bad yet , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said Monday night , but it will be soon . "  This is literally the calm before the storm . It 's about to start in earnest , " de Blasio said . "  And when it does , it 's going to come in very fast and very hard , and people have to be very , very careful . People have to stay off the streets and stay off the sidewalks . " The National Weather Service , which is n't prone to exaggeration , is using terms like "  life-threatening " and "  historic " to describe the weather system taking aim at the Northeast , with the worst expected to hit Monday night into Tuesday . The first big storm of the year may drop up to 3 feet of snow on Boston and New York before it ends Tuesday , with freezing rain and strong wind gusts possibly reaching 70 mph . Blizzard and winter storm warnings have been issued from Maryland through Maine and into Canada . Up to 58 million people could be put into the deep freeze . And the storm could have a far-reaching economic and political impact , even beyond the region directly hit . The snowfall will be dramatic , but that might not be what causes the most damage , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . A possible source of major problems , he said , will be large wind gusts that send tree limbs crashing down into power lines . That could leave people in some area without electricity for days , he said . Another area of concern : roads . "  It is no joke to have people stranded on a highway . We 've gone through that before , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters . "  It is frightening how quickly a simple trip to the supermarket can wind up being very dangerous . " Public transportation will shut down and only emergency vehicles will be allowed on the roads in 13 counties -- and on the streets of New York City -- as of 11 p.m. , he said . Connecticut and Massachusetts also put travel bans in place . In Philadelphia , Mayor Michael Nutter declared a snow emergency starting at 6 p.m. ET Monday . Cars left parked on snow emergency routes will be towed and owners ticketed , he said . "  It 's going to be the kind of night where the best thing anybody can do is stay inside , " Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said Monday evening . Track the storm Here 's what you need to know , state-by-state Sights and sounds of the blizzard While the worst of the weather is n't expected to hit until late Monday into Tuesday , according to CNN forecasters , it 's already snarling travel . Nearly 7,000 flights have been canceled for Monday and Tuesday , the flight-tracking website Flightaware.com said . And hundreds of flights have already been canceled for Wednesday as well . American Airlines suspended operations in Philadelphia , Boston and New York late Monday afternoon . "  We plan to resume operations as soon as it is safe to do so , " airline spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said . United Airlines has already canceled all Tuesday flights at Newark , LaGuardia and JFK , as well as Boston and Philadelphia , company spokeswoman Mary Ryan said . Delta has canceled more than 1,600 flights on Monday and Tuesday . There are no operations planned at Boston 's Logan International Airport on Tuesday and "  very limited flying at LaGuardia and JFK , " spokesman Morgan Durrant said . Some cancellations may also be necessary Wednesday morning , he said . The major U.S. airlines are offering fee-free rebooking of flights to and from the Northeast on Monday and Tuesday . Amtrak said it was operating a normal Monday schedule but suspended Northeast Regional and Acela Express service between New York and Boston for Tuesday because of severe weather . Other Amtrak train routes in the region will operate at reduced frequencies , the rail line said . Heavier snow will hit Monday night and continue through Tuesday , forecasters said . Some areas will still be getting snow Wednesday . Officials across the Northeast warned residents to stock up for the storm . Government officials warned residents to fill up vehicle gas tanks , stock up on food , make sure they have enough heating fuel and to take other steps to prepare for the possibility of being stranded , possibly without power , for days . Here are more tips from the Federal Emergency Management Agency : • Make a family communications plan in case you are separated from your loved ones during the height of the storm . • Make sure to keep ventilation to the outdoors clear when using kerosene heaters . • Put off travel . But if you have to go out , keep a disaster supplies kit in your car . It should include a shovel , windshield scraper , small broom , flashlight , battery-powered radio , extra batteries , food and water , matches , a change of clothes , a pocketknife , a first aid kit and blankets . • Check antifreeze levels , battery condition , exhaust and other vehicle systems before venturing out . • Stay inside as much as possible , stay dry when you do have to go outside , and watch for signs of frostbite and hypothermia , including loss of feeling , uncontrollable shivering and disorientation . And they did . While shoppers lined up in supermarkets , Dorot , a nonprofit in New York , collected hundreds of bags of food and water supplies for homebound seniors , WCBS reported . "  I think I 'll use some of this , especially the soup , " said Norma Amigo , 93 , of the Upper West Side . "  I will not go out if I think it 's slippery out , because I fell two weeks ago . " Christine Carew , a sales associate at Charles Street Supply in Boston , said customers have been coming into the hardware store since it opened Sunday to grab sleds , shovels , ice melt and snow brushes . When it comes to getting ready for a massive snowfall , she said , Boston residents know what to do . "  We 're more prepared for it , " she said . "  We know it 's going to happen . " In Boston 's North End , cigar bar manager David Riccio was sweeping the sidewalk Monday night , preparing for the storm to hit . "  They 're making it sound really bad , so we 'll see , " he said . New York Police Commissioner William Bratton said his force was well-prepared with a fleet of vehicles equipped with tire chains and more large SUVs capable of traversing snowy streets . "  I want everyone to understand that we are facing -- most likely -- one of the largest snowstorms in the history of this city , " de Blasio said . That 's saying something . In 2006 , 26.9 inches of snow fell , topping the 25.8-inches of snow that fell in December 1947 . New York state has at least 1,806 plows and more than 126,000 tons of salt to spray onto roads across the region . The National Guard also was positioning six dozen personnel and 20 vehicles throughout the state Monday morning . In Boston , New England Patriots fans saw their beloved football team off to the Super Bowl at a Monday morning celebration that wrapped up before the storm worsened . Boston Mayor Martin Walsh said there was no doubt the city would be slammed , so a major effort now is making sure people are safe . That includes checking on elderly residents and working to get homeless people off the streets and into shelters , he said . The city has 700 pieces of snow-moving equipment and 35,000 tons of salt ready , he said . "  You ca n't fight Mother Nature , and whatever happens throughout the course of the storm , we just have to do our best to be prepared going into it , which I think we are , " Walsh said . On Plum Island , Massachusetts , Bob Connors said he 'll try to ride out the storm but will move to higher ground if things get dicey , according to CNN affiliate WHDH . A 2013 storm destroyed homes on the island . "  When you 're living on the edge of paradise like we are now , you give Mother Nature a lot of respect when we need to , " said Connors . Visibility will be a major problem , said CNN meteorologist Judson Jones . "  This is not one of those storms you want to go out in while it 's happening , " Jones said . "  You want to wait for the winds to die down ... before you go to the store . " Tuesday is shaping up to be a day when the reality of the weather sets in . One of the inevitable aftereffects of snow -- flooding -- will quickly become a problem . There could be coastal flooding in Massachusetts starting early Tuesday , with pockets of major flooding on east-facing coastlines , the state emergency agency said . "  Plan to work from home is the best advice for Tuesday , " Jones said . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Ashley Fantz , Sara Ganim , Joe Sutton , Dana Ford , Aaron Cooper , Joshua Gaynor , Taylor Ward , Teri Genova and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Amtrak shuts down Tuesday service between New York and Boston New York mayor : The storm "  is about to start in earnest " Massachusetts governor : "  The best thing anybody can do is stay inside "
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republicans promised Wednesday to block legislative action on every issue being considered by the lame-duck Congress until the dispute over extending the Bush-era tax cuts is resolved and an extension of current government funding is approved . All 42 Senate Republicans signed a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , vowing to prevent a vote on "  any legislative item until the Senate has acted to fund the government and we have prevented the tax increase that is currently awaiting all American taxpayers . " "  With little time left in this congressional session , legislative scheduling should be focused on these critical priorities . While there are other items that might ultimately be worthy of the Senate 's attention , we can not agree to prioritize any matters above the critical issues of funding the government and preventing a job-killing tax hike , " the letter said . The 2001 and 2003 tax cuts enacted by former President George W. Bush will expire after December 31 if Congress fails to reach an agreement on their extension . Top Democrats and Republicans disagree sharply over whether the current tax rates should be extended just for families earning $ 250,000 or under per year or for everyone regardless of income . Republicans contend that a failure to extend all of the tax cuts would hamper an already-sluggish economy . President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders argue that the roughly $ 700 billion price tag attached to an extension of the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans would be fiscally irresponsible . White House and congressional tax negotiators began deliberations Wednesday morning . Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner characterized the initial talks as "  very civil " and said that while everything was discussed , there were no surprises . House Democrats , meanwhile , announced their intention to move forward with a vote Thursday to permanently extend the breaks only for families earning $ 250,000 or less . Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , called the move necessary to show "  our position very clearly that Democrats support tax cuts for the middle class . " House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , called it a "  non-starter " and "  political chicanery " that threatened to undermine the talks . On the spending side , a continuing resolution responsible for funding the government is scheduled to expire Friday . Democrats are trying to pass several pieces of legislation before a more Republican Congress is sworn in in January , including the START nuclear arms treaty with Russia , a repeal of the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military , and the so-called DREAM Act , which would create a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants . Reid blasted the GOP letter on the Senate floor Wednesday morning , calling it part of a "  cynical " and transparent " Republican strategy to "  obstruct " and "  delay " legislative progress while blaming the Democrats for failing to effectively govern . "  Last month , the American people issued their verdict on the Democrat 's priorities , " replied Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  We need to show the American people that we care more about them and their ability to pay their bills than we do about the special interests ' legislative Christmas-list . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House will vote Thursday on extending cuts for those making $ 250,000 or less Republicans promise to block legislative progress until tax , spending issues resolved The Bush-era tax cuts are scheduled to expire December 31 Democrats are trying to pass a range of priorities in the lame duck session
CNN  -- President Barack Obama concluded his trip to Africa Tuesday after making a final pitch for partnership at a Tanzanian power plant . Some 70 % of Africans lack access to reliable electricity , Obama said , and the United States can help bring more power on line . "  The first step that we 're going to take is to try to bring electricity to 20 million homes and businesses , " he said . The president spoke at the Symbion Power Plant at Ubungo , was had been idle until the Tanzanian government used U.S. help to revamp it . "  This is just the beginning . We look forward to even more companies joining this effort , " he said . Such partnerships create more jobs and exports in the United States , he said . Before his remarks , Obama kicked around an energy-generating soccer ball that harnesses kinetic energy to provide power . Obama challenges students to follow Mandela legacy "  I do n't want to get too technical , but I thought it was pretty cool , " Obama said . Also Tuesday , Obama was joined by former President George W. Bush for a wreath-laying ceremony at the U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , the site of a 1998 terror attack that killed 10 Tanzanians and injured more than 85 Americans and Tanzanians . Survivors of the bombing were present as Obama and Bush stood by the wreath at a memorial that is on a piece of rock under a big tree near the entrance to the embassy . Obama was in Africa to promote an increased partnership amid criticism the United States has , outside of military interests , focused its attention on other areas of the world . The three-nation trip began last week and included stops in Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania .	In Obama 's last stop on an African visit , he pushes for partnerships on energy He also attended a wreath-laying ceremony with former President George W. Bush The ceremony was at the memorial for those killed in a 1998 terror attack
Washington  CNN  Mike Huckabee 's announcement on Saturday to end his Fox News show marked yet another significant move by a key player in the race for the Republican presidential nomination , bringing the 2016 contest further into focus as a deep bench of prospective candidates begins to test the waters . The former Arkansas governor said Saturday night 's episode of "  Huckabee " would be his last . It was a necessary step , he said , as he explores a second presidential bid , a decision he stressed he wo n't finalize until the spring . "  I say goodbye , but as we say in television , stay tuned . There 's more to come , " he said at the end of his show . His announcement comes nearly three weeks after former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush announced he will "  actively explore " a possible run . A source close to Huckabee 's political operation said the decision to leave Fox has been long in the works and argued Bush 's timing had "  zero " impact on Huckabee 's strategy . Huckabee is set to take another typical pre-presidential step when he releases his book "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy , " on Jan. 20 . His promotional tour is already scheduled to take him to Iowa , Tennessee , New York and Virginia . The Iowa book signing takes place one day after he is scheduled to appear at a Jan. 24 Des Moines event , hosted by Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , and Citizens United , a conservative nonprofit based in Washington . All told , the former governor will make 30 stops in 10 states over 10 days for his book tour , according to the source , including visits to the early primary state of South Carolina , in addition to Iowa . His website says he 's also leading a group of people to Israel in February . Israel is a common stop for prospective presidential candidates , though it 's a trip he 's also made in the past . Huckabee rocketed to conservative fame in early January 2008 after he went from a long-shot candidate to the surprise victor of Iowa 's first-in-the-nation caucuses . The win catapulted him into a fairly competitive race against Sen. John McCain , but the Arizona senator surged ahead and clinched the nomination in early March 2008 . Three years later , Huckabee considered another run but ultimately declined to throw his hat in the ring , announcing his decision on his show in May 2011 . With Huckabee back in the spotlight as a serious prospective candidate and with his television show no longer a distraction , his focus will shift toward securing the financial footing that he lacked in 2008 to sustain a prolonged campaign . "  If he decides to run this time , I think that 's something we will be able to remedy , " the source said . "  It 's one of the things that he learned eight years ago : make sure you have the financial resources to compete . " In fact , Huckabee spent a considerable amount of time on the campaign trail last year , rubbing elbows with donors and activists as he made multiples stops to each of the three early primary states to help 2014 candidates and speak at conservative and evangelical gatherings . He has consistently done well in polls measuring support for the potential 2016 GOP field , ranking higher in many cases than other possible candidates who made more ambitious hints at a presidential run in the past year . A recent CNN/ORC poll showed Huckabee tied for fourth place with Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , with 6 % support in the hypothetical GOP horse race . Bush topped the list at 23 % , followed by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie at 13 % and neurosurgeon Ben Carson at 7 % . RELATED : Huckabee ends Fox News show to mull 2016 Huckabee , who served as the Arkansas governor for nearly 11 years , benefits by having strong name recognition , thanks in part to his 2008 campaign but largely because of his successful cable news show that 's kept him a mainstay in the conservative political dialogue for more than six years . Popular among social conservatives , the former Baptist pastor 's prospects will likely have the biggest impact on Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . Both men are seriously considering 2016 campaigns and have strong appeal among socially conservative voters . Santorum ultimately won the Iowa caucuses in 2012 in a delayed vote count , though Mitt Romney carried the early momentum since he was initially declared the winner . Huckabee 's announcements could speed up the timelines for Cruz and Santorum , given that they 'll be competing in the same donor pool â $ " a race , in many respects , that has already begun . It could also bring renewed attention in the race to social issues . But Huckabee could be considered a threat to the candidacies of 2016 hopefuls outside the social conservative wing of the party . Rand Paul 's political team was quick to pounce on Huckabee 's announcement , buying ad space Saturday on Google and Twitter so that links to Paul 's website came up when people searched for Huckabee 's name . They employed similar tactics when Bush announced his interest . And while having high name identification and an Iowa win already under his belt can certainly be a boost , it does n't guarantee another round of success in the Hawkeye State . George H.W. Bush , for example , won the Iowa caucuses in 1980 , but lost the contest in 1988 . Still , Bush went on to win the GOP nomination . "  It 's not so easy because people are always looking for something new or they still want to be wooed , so to speak , " said Tim Hagle , professor of political science at the University of Iowa . "  They still want you to come in and do the work . " Iowa 's caucus-going crowd is comprised of a three-pronged GOP base , made up not only by social conservatives but of mainstream Republicans and libertarian-minded voters as well . Huckabee 's success , Hagle contends , will depend on who all gets in the race â $ " a move that no one , including the former Arkansas governor and now ex-TV host , has officially made yet . CNN 's Brian Stelter contributed to this report .	Mike Huckabee announced he 's ending his Fox News show to explore a presidential bid The former Arkansas governor won the Iowa caucuses in 2008 and has high name recognition He 'll focus on promoting his new book and meeting with donors in the next few months He is expected to make his final decision in the spring
Mashable  -- A Facebook phishing attack is on the loose this weekend -- the third widespread attack on the site in the past three weeks . The attack attempts to steal your Facebook login credentials , install malware on your computer , and even get your home address . The attack is spread via a "  hilarious video " posted to Facebook walls , reports WebSense -- when clicked , a form appears requesting your Facebook login . The attack then returns you to Facebook , installs an app called "  Media Player HD , " and asks you to download the "  FLV player " -- doing so installs malware on your machine . It gets worse : Depending on your location , you may also be presented with a contest to win an iPad ... if you just enter your home address . To avoid getting caught , simply remove the "  hilarious video " if you find it on your Facebook wall . If you see it elsewhere on Facebook , do n't click it ... and of course remember the obvious rule : Do n't enter your Facebook login anywhere other than Facebook.com . If you already fell for the attack , change your Facebook password , uninstall the Facebook app  often called "  Media Player HD "  , and run a virus/malware scan on your computer . This video explains the attack . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Attack attempts to steal your login , install malware on your computer and get your address The attack is spread via a "  hilarious video " posted to Facebook walls To avoid getting caught , remove the video if you find it on your Facebook wall
CNN  -- Mexican boxer Juan Manuel Marquez wants a third clash with Manny Pacquiao following Saturday night 's successful defense of his WBA and WBO lightweight titles . The 37-year-old stopped Australia 's Michael Katsidis on a technical knockout in the ninth round in Las Vegas to take his record to 52-5 with 38 KOs . The only draw of his career came against Pacquiao in 2004 when he retained his WBA and IBF featherweight titles , but he lost his WBC super featherweight belt in a controversial split decision to the Filipino in 2008 . "  We know that Pacquiao has been avoiding us . We will put a lot of work into it , and a third fight is what the public wants to see , " Marquez told reporters after beating Katsidis , whose brother Stathi -- a horse-racing jockey -- died last month . "  Yes he beat bigger fellows but they are all past their prime , while I beat younger and stronger boxers like Juan Diaz and Michael Katsidis . " However , one stumbling block to a rematch is that Marquez wants it at the weight limit of 140-142 pounds , while Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach says he wants to fight at 147 . "  I know he can make that weight as when he fought Margarito -LSB- this month -RSB- , he was just 144 pounds . So if they insist in fighting at 147 , like Freddie Roach has mentioned , they are again giving excuses . " However , Pacquiao doubts that the public wants to see him fight Marquez again , The Philippine Star reported on Sunday . "  Will they still watch it ? " Pacquiao said in Manila . The newspaper said Pacquiao 's business manager Eric Pineda would accept the fight if Marquez promoted it . "  Manny thinks Marquez has a small fan base , that 's why he does n't want any hand in the promotion . All he wants is a guaranteed purse , and that Top Rank and MP Promotions wo n't be involved in the promotions . Then he will take the fight , " Pineda said . Following his win over Antonio Margarito two weeks ago , Pacquiao has been linked with a bout against American veteran Shane Mosley , who he has yet to encounter . Pacquiao has this year juggled his political career with two successful fights , beating Joshua Clottey before stopping Margarito to become the first man to win world titles in eight weight categories .	Juan Manuel Marquez targets another crack at Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao The Mexican lost to Pacquiao on points two years ago after a tie in 2004 He retained his WBA and WBO lightweight titles against Michael Katsidis on Saturday The defeated Australian fought just a month after the death of his brother
EW.com  -- Shame , indeed . Despite being one of the biggest breakout stars of 2011 , thanks to his mesmerizing performance as a sex addict in the harrowing drama "  Shame , " Michael Fassbender was surprisingly not called among the nominees for this year 's Academy Awards . Long considered a shoo-in for a Best Actor nominee , Fassbender was edged out by first-time nominee Gary Oldman for "  Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy " and dark horse nominee DemiÃ ¡ n Bichir for "  A Better Life . "  EW 's Dave Karger hoped Oscar voters would take notice , and it seems like they most certainly did . But Fassbender was n't the only shocking snub in the Best Actor category . Ryan Gosling was a triple threat in 2011 with his acclaimed turns in "  Drive , " "  The Ides of March , " and "  Crazy Stupid Love . "  Though the latter would have been in the Best Supporting Actor race .  Between breaking up street fights , being a good sport about your , uh , supporting actor , and of course , turning in great performances , fans of Gosling and Fassbender are no doubt wondering this morning , "  Jeez , what 's a guy have to do to get an Oscar nomination ?! " Joining Fassbender and Gosling in the notable snubs in the acting races are Golden Globe and SAG nominee Leonardo DiCaprio for "  J. Edgar "  Best Actor  , Gosling 's "  Drive " co-star Albert Brooks  Best Supporting Actor  , and "  We Need To Talk About Kevin 's " Tilda Swinton , who lost her spot in the Best Actress race to "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo 's " Rooney Mara . As if awards show perennials like DiCaprio and Swinton getting left out were n't surprising enough , there were plenty of other baffling snubs in other categories . A Golden Globe nominee , Will Reiser 's equal parts hilarious and heartbreaking autobiographical "  50/50 " was omitted from the Best Original Screenplay race . Hollywood legend and three-time Oscar winner Steven Spielberg was snubbed from the Best Director category for "  War Horse . " While "  The Adventures of Tintin " won the Globes ' Best Animated Feature trophy , it was no match for out-of-left-field choices like "  A Cat in Paris " and "  Chico & Rita . " And lest we remind "  Harry Potter " fans , the "  Deathly Hallows â $ " Part II " was left out of all of the major categories . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael Fassbender was edged out by first-time nominee Gary Oldman Joining Fassbender and Ryan Gosling in the notable snubs is nominee Leonardo DiCaprio "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part II " was left out of all of the major categories
CNN  -- Jessica Ennis is set to cash in after winning heptathlon gold for Olympic hosts Great Britain , but fame and fortune are not the motivation for the poster girl of London 2012 . "  If there was no money , I 'd still be here doing it . I just want to achieve all I can achieve in sport and win medals and that 's the most important thing , " the 26-year-old told CNN . However , Ennis is aware of some of the commercial opportunities that will come her way in the aftermath of the Games "  I also want to enjoy some of the things that are going to come up as well as a result of this but more than anything I 'm just so happy and relieved I was able to get the gold and that 's the most important thing for me , " she said . Ennis set the capacity crowd in the Olympic Stadium alight last Saturday as she powered to victory in the heptathlon 's final event over 800 meters to set the seal on a dominant performance . "  You know people really expected me to win , to do well , it was still a great position to be in though because I 'd not experienced anything like that before , " she said . "  I just tried to use all that pressure and turn it into positiveness and support . " Ennis came up just 45 points shy of the magical 7,000 mark for the seven events , which was the fifth best tally in heptathlon history . The 2009 world champion took a commanding lead from the start and never let up . "  I knew how hard it was going to be , and it 's not just one day -- it 's two days of really tough competition . I knew that I just had to really keep my eye on the ball and not get distracted by what other people expected of me , " Ennis said . Her triumph has been met with acclaim across Britain , which is third in the medal table with 22 golds -- three more than at Beijing 2008 , with four days to go . Many have rushed to congratulate her , but so far nothing official from British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I 've not had a call from the Prime Minister , no , " Ennis said . She is reminded that President Barack Obama is regularly on the line to successful American athletes . "  Does he ? I 'll have to have a word then , " said Ennis , with a smile on her face .	Jessica Ennis won Olympic gold for hosts Britain in heptathlon Ennis first of three track and field winners for hosts on Saturday She admits to feeling the pressure as poster girl of the Games Medals more important than money for the 26-year-old
CNN  -- Thousands of travelers are facing long delays and cancellations as a strike by French air traffic controllers intensifies , wreaking havoc with flight schedules across Europe . On Wednesday , the second day of the industrial action over aviation cuts , the situation was "  unstable , " according to European air safety body Eurocontrol . Leading European carriers including British Airways , EasyJet and Ryanair have all reported flight cancellations and delays . Eurocontrol earlier said the strike was expected to cause up to 14,000 hours of delays . Ryanair said in a statement it expected to cancel 15 % of its 1,600 scheduled flights on Wednesday and warned the situation was likely to deteriorate further . "  We expect that these delays will continue to build through the morning as the backlog of delayed flights rises , "  it said . "  Ryanair apologizes sincerely for any delays or inconvenience caused to our customers by this unnecessary and regrettable French ATC strike . " The budget airline earlier accused air traffic controllers of "  blackmailing " passengers and urged European Union officials to ban them from taking industrial action . Also Wednesday , Brussels Airport said all flights were cancelled from 6 p.m. local time after some Belgian air traffic controllers voted to stage a walkout . Many passengers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the disruption . "  Ca n't sleep Too busy worrying about the controllers strike . Would prefer not to spend my holiday in the Airport , " wrote one user , mafleen . Airlines were advising all passengers traveling to and from European airports to check the status of their flight before departing . Under EU law , those experiencing cancellations should be entitled to a refund or alternative booking .	Airlines across Europe report disruptions to schedules as European air traffic controllers strike Ryanair urges European Union officials to ban controllers from taking industrial action Airlines advise passengers to check status of their flight in advance of travel
CNN  -- At a time when partisan politics are bitter , midterm election races are tight and almost every legislative effort is stalled , who would you expect to take the boldest step in years to address the deadliest war in the world , in the heart of Central Africa ? Congress , of course . Quietly , over the past four presidential administrations , a powerful and deep bipartisan consensus has developed in Congress in support of a stronger U.S. policy toward Africa . The latest manifestation of this cooperation is a small but potent provision addressing Congo 's "  conflict minerals , " folded into the recently passed Wall Street reform bill . The trade in four conflict minerals -- tin , tantalum , tungsten  the 3Ts  , as well as gold -- fuels the war in eastern Congo today . It 's been the deadliest war in the world since World War II . We regularly travel to eastern Congo , and on our last trip , we traced the minerals from the mines . At the mines , we saw militiamen armed with AK-47 machine guns standing over miners and forcing them to work and pay bribes , including child miners as young as 11 . We then crossed through army and rebel checkpoints , where smugglers paid off the commanders in U.S. dollars , and then witnessed how these same minerals were packed into barrels with Congolese flags on them and loaded onto planes and flown out of the country . We 've seen how armed groups on all sides of the conflict are reaping hundreds of millions of dollars per year by controlling mines and trading routes , selling minerals to international traders and smelters , which in turn sell them to electronics and jewelry companies . By requiring that publicly listed manufacturers who use these minerals conduct independent audits of their supply chains , this legislation will help curb the conflict minerals trade . Courageous members of Congress from both parties fought hard together with a coalition of faith-based organizations , women 's rights advocates and student groups for the past two years to enact this law , standing up for what is right and bravely battling against special-interest lobbyists . But some companies would have you believe otherwise and are using negative tactics to stall reform . Some critics in the corporate world have accused those campaigning for an end to the conflict minerals trade of advocating for a boycott of electronics companies . Some minerals trading companies have also argued that Congress and the conflict minerals movement will force them to pull out of Congo , creating an embargo and hurting miners . These statements significantly distort what human rights advocates in Congo and the U.S. are pressing for . Let 's first be clear : The statements originate with many of the same companies that have been knowingly purchasing conflict minerals for the past decade , according to the United Nations , and did nothing for years to avoid them . The bill and our campaign aim to develop a peaceful , legal minerals trade in Congo that will be the real benefit to war-torn communities on the ground . We oppose a boycott and , on the contrary , are asking consumers to urge their own cell phone , laptop and jewelry companies to ensure their products are conflict-free . Companies now have an opportunity to achieve this goal and help Congolese communities through three key steps : -- Tracing : Determining the precise sources of their minerals . -- Auditing : Independently verifying these sources and trading routes . -- Certifying : Working with the Congolese , Rwandan , U.S. and other governments to develop a certification process that improves upon systems already created for other exports such as blood diamonds . These steps are complex , but they are achievable . The reality is that the bill will accelerate this supply chain reform , and Intel and Motorola are already starting a forward-looking audit process to purchase tantalum from legitimate mines , including those in Congo . Companies have at least 18 months from now to report to Congress on their audits , and during that time they will have ample opportunity to trace , audit and certify their supply chains . Some companies may choose to temporarily stop buying minerals from Congo while they reform their supply chains . In order to cushion the blow for those mining communities affected by such a decision , a miners ' livelihood fund should be created to offer them real opportunities and help the Congolese economy through small business , microfinance and agriculture . Electronics , jewelry and minerals companies should partner with donors to set up this program as soon as possible . Congress has taken the first step , but we still have a long way to go in ending the conflict minerals trade and the war in Congo . Now the Obama administration must come through and partner with the Congolese government to help create a process for conflict minerals that builds on the lessons of the process that excluded blood diamonds from the marketplace , as well as addressing wider issues of army and governance reform . And electronics and jewelry companies should support these processes with a fraction of the profits they 've earned from these conflict minerals over the past dozen years . Consumers , companies and governments can all play a part in ending this deadly trade and cutting off the fuel for the deadliest war in the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sasha Lezhnev and John Prendergast .	Congo 's "  conflict minerals " used in cell phones , other products , co-authors say Financial regulation law requires makers of electronics to audit supply sources Co-authors : Consumers should urge companies to make products conflict-free They say Obama administration should work with the Congo to develop legitimate mining
CNN  -- Former champion Maria Sharapova has been seeded for next week 's Wimbledon championships . Sharapova powers a forehand during the WTA tournament in Birmingham last week . The Russian has only recently returned to action after a serious shoulder injury , but despite performing solidly in the French Open and reaching the semifinals of the WTA grasscourt event in Birmingham last week , she remained 59th in the rankings . But Wimbledon , who are alone among the grand slams in not sticking entirely with the official rankings of the ATP and WTA in deciding the seedings , have given Sharapova the 24th berth . World number one Dinara Safina of Russia is top seed , followed by Serena Williams and defending champion Venus Williams , who is elevated to third because of her prowess on grass . Rafael Nadal , who remains a slight injury doubt to take his place in the draw , is the top seed in the men 's tournament , with the top six spots in the list following the ATP rankings list . The defending champion will test his injured knees by playing in two exhibition matches on grass at the Hurlingham Club in London later this week , organizers announced Wednesday . The Spaniard will play Lleyton Hewitt of Australia on Thursday and Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland on Friday . Five-time champion and pre-tournament favorite Roger Federer is second seed at Wimbledon as he bids to set a record of 15 grand slam wins after his French Open triumph . Home hope Andy Murray , who won the Queen 's Club tournament on Sunday , is seeded third with Novak Djokovic of Serbia in fourth . Eighth-ranked Fernando Verdasco of Spain gets the seventh seed spot ahead of Frenchman Gilles Simon . Outside of the top seeds , Marat Safin of Russia has been elevated to 15th from his world ranking of 23 . Former world number one Safin reached the semifinals at the All England Club last year . Big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic is lifted to 23rd from 31st . The third grand slam of the year starts next Monday with the all-important draw being made on Friday . In the pre-Wimbledon warmup action on Wednesday , top seed Dinara Safina of Russia beat Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-3 in the Ordina Open in the Netherlands . But Amelie Mauresmo of France was beaten 7-6 7-6 by Russian Ekaterna Makarova at the WTA tournament in Eastbourne .	Maria Sharapova elevated to 24th seed by as Wimbledon announces seeds Injury-doubt Rafael Nadal top seed as he defends his Wimbledon crown Nadal to test his injured knees in exhibition tournament at Hurlingham Club Dinara Safina reaches third round of the Ordina Open in the Netherlands
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's parliament set out new guidelines for its relations with the United States , as it agreed to re-engage with Washington after months of tension over deadly airstrikes on a Pakistani border post by NATO forces and other issues . A list of recommendations approved by lawmakers includes a call for an immediate end to U.S. drone attacks and no further use of Pakistan as a transportation route for weapons into Afghanistan . Future relations with the United States are to be based on mutual interest , Parliament Speaker Raza Rabbani said , as he read out the list to lawmakers . In addition , no overt or covert operations will be allowed on Pakistani soil and no private security companies or operatives will be permitted in Pakistan , he said . Foreign countries will not be allowed to establish bases in Pakistan , Rabbani said . The recommendations were drawn up by the Parliamentary Committee on National Security , a group of 18 lawmakers responsible for reviewing relations with the United States , NATO and ISAF . Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani told lawmakers that his government would work to implement the resolution "  in letter and spirit . " But in Washington , the U.S. State Department greeted the demands coolly . "  We respect the seriousness with which parliament 's review of U.S.-Pakistan relations has been conducted , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement issued Thursday afternoon . "  We seek a relationship with Pakistan that is enduring , strategic , and more clearly defined . We look forward to discussing these policy recommendations with the government of Pakistan and continuing to engage with it on our shared interests . " Relations between Pakistan and the United States hit a new low after NATO airstrikes on November 26 killed 24 Pakistani soldiers on the Pakistani-Afghan border . The deaths added to the anger already felt by Pakistanis over the U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden at a compound in Pakistan last May , and continued American drone strikes on targets in the nation . Following the deadly border airstrikes , the Pakistani government shut down the two NATO supply routes in the country , asked the United States to vacate an air base on its territory and boycotted a conference about the future of Afghanistan . U.S. President Barack Obama expressed hope last month that the two nations could arrive at a "  balanced approach " to relations as he met with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on the sidelines of a nuclear security summit in South Korea . The talks were the highest profile meeting between the two countries since the November airstrikes . Obama said then that his expectation was that "  we can achieve the kind of balanced approach that respects Pakistan 's sovereignty but also respects our concerns with respect to our national security and our needs to battle terrorists who have targeted us in the past . " Gilani expressed appreciation that Obama had acknowledged the need to respect Pakistani sovereignty and said his government was committed to fighting against extremism . He also said it was important to maintain stability in both Pakistan and Afghanistan . An investigation into the lethal NATO airstrikes in November by Brig. Gen. Stephen Clark on behalf of the United States concluded that Pakistan provoked NATO forces and that distrust between the two parties led to the firefight . Pakistan disputed the findings , saying Clark 's report was factually incorrect . There has been a sharp drop in the number of drone attacks in Pakistan since the airstrikes . U.S. officials rarely discuss the CIA 's drone program in Pakistan , though privately they have said that the covert strikes are legal and an effective tactic in the fight against extremists . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Aliza Kassim and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister promises to follow the guidelines "  in letter and spirit " NEW : Washington says it looks forward to discussing the recomendations Pakistan wants U.S. drone attacks and other covert operations on its soil to end Relations hit a low after a NATO airstrike in November killed 24 Pakistani soldiers
• The twins get a check-up  2/26/08  • VIDEO : Nancy Grace introduces on set 2-14-08 • The twins go out for a stroll  2/11/08  • The twins at 3 months  2/4/08  • The twins in January  1/21/08  • VIDEO : First video of Nancy Grace 's twins E-mail to a friend	Pictures of Nancy Grace 's twins John David and Lucy Elizabeth were born November 4 , 2007 Come back to this site for regularly updated pictures !
Former pharmaceutical executive Gigi Jordan testified that she knowingly gave a lethal concoction of drugs to her 8-year-old autistic son . Fighting back tears as she took the stand for the first time in her second-degree murder trial , Jordan said Wednesday that she knowingly gave herself and her son , Jude Mirra , enough drugs to kill them both . The prosecution , meanwhile , contends the killing was premeditated and Jordan expected to survive . When her Manhattan trial opened last month , Jordan showed no emotion as a prosecutor described to a jury a "  chilling and horrifying scenario " in which Jordan allegedly forced the autistic boy to swallow a deadly drug cocktail . Bruises on the boy 's nose , chin and chest indicated that she got on top of him and pressed the poisonous mix of painkillers and anti-inflammatories down his throat with a syringe , the prosecutor alleged . Looking gaunt and pale , Jordan denied that scenario on the stand Wednesday . "  Did you climb on top of Jude and grab his jaw and forcibly put liquid drugs down his throat , " defense lawyer Allan Brenner asked . "  No , " Jordan told the jury . "  Did you knowingly give Jude and yourself enough drugs to kill yourself and him ? " "  Yes , " she responded , tears welling in her eyes . Asked about a history of suicide in her family , Jordan said an aunt killed herself when Jordan was 12 and her mother tried three times . Brenner and the defense team are trying to convince the jury that Jordan was a desperate mother ultimately driven to kill Jude by her two former husbands : One who had allegedly threatened to kill her , a crime that would have left the boy with his biological father , who she believed had sexually abused Jude . On the stand Wednesday , Jordan , a former nurse who made millions in a home heath care company , also suggested that the boy was physically and sexually abused not only by his biological father but by her first husband and his wife as well as the woman who took Jude to school . She testified that the boy was assaulted by "  a good number of people . " Jude was autistic and his vocabulary was limited , but one night he started screaming , according to Jordan : " ` Dad bad . Dad bad . Dad bad . ' Jude was never able to articulate the word and not clearly like he was screaming at the top of his lungs . " Jordan testified that she held her son as Jude gestured at his crotch . He pulled Jordan in front of him and whispered , "  Dad , butt . Finger , Finger . ' He also kept saying dad , and it was clear he was talking about his dad , " she told the jury . She testified that the boy had been forced to eat feces and do other "  gruesome and horrible " things by his biological father . The boy 's father has denied the allegations and has never been charged , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . In court , no one has disputed the unthinkable manner in which little Jude spent his final hours on February 5 , 2010 . Police found his cold body after they were dispatched to the luxury Peninsula Hotel in Manhattan . The call to police came after a relative of Jordan was unable to reach her . At an autopsy , four of the painkillers and anti-inflammatories used to kill Jude were recovered undigested from his stomach , prosecutors said . Orange juice and vodka were used to wash down the drugs . "  His fate was sealed , " assistant district attorney Matt Bogdanos said in opening statements . "  He did n't die fast . One by one , his vital organs shut down . It did n't take minutes . It took hours to die . " While Jude lay dying , Bogdanos said , Jordan sent an email to a financial adviser instructing him to transfer the $ 125,000 trust she set up for her son to her personal account . Brenner said Jordan , believing she was ultimately protecting her son , brought the drugs to the hotel room with the intention of killing them both , but she survived the suicide attempt . The prosecution sought to show the jury that the killing was premeditated and that Jordan expected to survive . Bogdanos said Jordan "  went to the bank , she transferred $ 8 million from savings to checking . She checked in  at the hotel  without a reservation and paid cash . " The exact time of the boy 's death could not be determined , but Jude 's body temperature was 80 degrees , suggesting that when police arrived , he had been dead for 8 to 14 hours , Bogdanos said . Police found a variety of drugs , which the prosecutor enumerated for the jury : "  Xanax , 1,000 pills ; Prozac , 200 pills ; Ambien 400 pills ; Celebrex , a pain reliever , 250 pills ; Trexone , similar to morphine , 300 pills ; and hydrocodone . " These were among the drugs found in the hotel room and part of the lethal mix that Jordan allegedly gave her son , according to Bogdanos . But Brenner has sought to show that Jordan acted out of love and desperation . She had been threatened by her first husband and former business partner , Brenner said . She had accused the man of raiding her bank accounts and defrauding her of millions in profits from their joint businesses . She filed a lawsuit against him in 2012 , seeking damages for breach of contract and fraud . Defendant Gigi Jordan "  knew all the dirty deals , " Brenner said . Her first husband "  knew that Jude was her soft spot . " Jordan "  believed he was going to kill her , leaving a sexual predator to exercise his paternal rights , " Brenner told the jury . Her first husband filed a lawsuit in August 2013 , claiming Jordan defamed him in interviews she gave the media in an effort to advance her defense . Jordan believed that if she died , Jude 's biological father , a yoga instructor , would have gained custody , according to Brenner . Brenner said Jordan told a therapist and local authorities about the alleged abuse but no action was taken . Jordan then decided to seek the help of a nationally renowned expert on child exploitation in Cheyenne , Wyoming . After being interviewed by him for 30 minutes , Brenner said , Jordan was accused of being unfit and delusional , taken to a medical facility and separated from her son for several months before being reunited with the boy . Jordan faces 15 years to life in prison if convicted .	Gigi Jordan testifies that she gave her son a lethal drug cocktail Jude Mirra , 8 , who was autistic , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say The defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father Jordan , charged with second-degree murder , faces 15 years to life in prison if convicted
A 20-year dispute between a Nevada rancher and federal rangers over illegal cattle grazing erupted into an Old West-style showdown on the open range this week , even prompting self-proclaimed members of militia groups from across the country to join the rancher in fighting what they say is U.S. "  tyranny . " What began as a legal fight between longtime rancher Cliven Bundy and the U.S. Bureau of Land Management has escalated as Bundy kept his cattle on the federal land , and the government has responded by beginning roundups of the livestock . A confrontation teetered on violence Wednesday when Bundy family members and dozens of supporters angrily confronted a group of rangers holding Tasers and barking dogs on leashes near Bunkerville , about 80 miles northeast of Las Vegas . Federal officials say a police dog was kicked and officers were assaulted . Bundy family members say they were thrown to the ground or jolted with a Taser . In the end , the rangers got into their white SUVs and drove away , a YouTube video of the incident showed . "  Get out of our state ! " the cheering protesters yelled at the rangers as they departed in several vehicles . "  BLM go away ! BLM go away ! " they added , referring to the Bureau of Land Management . The entire incident is now under investigation , Amy Lueders , the bureau 's director in Nevada , said Thursday . To some , the 67-year-old Bundy is a hero who hails from a long family of ranchers stretching back to the Wild West . To environmentalists and the feds , however , he 's an outlaw of sorts who owes U.S. taxpayers more than $ 1 million in unpaid grazing fees . The U.S. government is rounding up Bundy 's cattle that it says have been grazing illegally on public lands in Clark County for more than 20 years , according to the land-management bureau and the National Park Service . Between Saturday and Wednesday , contracted wranglers impounded a total of 352 cattle , federal officials said . Bundy says he owns 500 of the more than 900 cattle that federal officials are planning to confiscate for illegal grazing , the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported . Bundy told the newspaper that each head of his livestock is worth about $ 1,000 . Since the roundups began , protesters have been confined to two areas to publicly declare their grievances , but the peaceful protests in recent days "  have crossed into illegal activity , including blocking vehicles associated with the  roundup  , impeding cattle movement , and making direct and overt threats to government employees , " the two federal agencies said in a statement . On Wednesday , a bureau truck driven by a civilian employee assisting in the roundup "  was struck by a protester on an ATV and the truck 's exit from the area was blocked by a group of individuals who gathered around the vehicle , " the agencies ' statement said . In the scuffle with protesters , a police dog was kicked , and officers protecting the civilian driver were threatened and assaulted , the two agencies ' statement said . "  After multiple requests and ample verbal warnings , law enforcement officers deployed Tasers on a protestor , " the statement said . The profanity-laced tussle was captured on a video posted on YouTube . A group that said it posted the video did n't respond to requests for comment . In the video , protesters demanded to know why a backhoe and a dump truck were being used in the roundup -- and whether any livestock were killed . On Thursday , Lueders said the heavy equipment was used for field restoration . "  No BLM ! No BLM ! " the protesters chanted to rangers in the middle of a two-lane rural highway . What sounds likes zapping Tasers can be heard in the video . In the wake of the publicized protests , members of various militia groups have been traveling from Virginia , Texas , Montana , Idaho and Wisconsin and arriving at the protest site and Bundy 's ranch to support the family , said Stephen L. Dean , 45 , of Utah , a member of one such group called the Peoples United Mobile Armed Services . "  It 's tyranny in government , " Dean said when asked what brought him to Nevada . And , he added , "  stealing people 's cattle . " One banner at the protest side stated : "  Has the West been won ? Or has the fight just begun ! " In removing Bundy 's livestock from public lands , the park service and land bureau are carrying out two U.S. District Court orders from two different judges . "  Cattle have been grazing in trespass on public lands in Southern Nevada for more than two decades , " the National Park Service said . "  The BLM and NPS have made repeated attempts to resolve this matter administratively and judicially . Impoundment of cattle illegally grazing on public lands is an option of last resort . " Added the BLM : "  Mr. Bundy has also failed to comply with multiple court orders to remove his cattle from the federal lands and to end the illegal trespass . " The bureau does allow grazing on federal lands -- it administers 18,000 grazing permits and leases on 157 million acres across the country , the agency said . Bundy 's dispute with the government began about 1993 when the bureau changed grazing rules for the 600,000-acre Gold Butte area to protect an endangered desert tortoise , KLAS reported . Bundy refused to abide by the changes and stopped paying his grazing fees to the federal bureau , which he contends is infringing on state rights . His family has been ranching since the 1800s , before the U.S. Department of Interior was created and endangered species became a federal issue , he said in an interview with KLAS . "  My forefathers have been up and down the Virgin Valley ever since 1877 . All these rights I claim have been created through pre-emptive rights and beneficial use of the forage and the water . I have been here longer . My rights are before the BLM even existed , " Bundy told the station . "  With all these rangers and all this force that is out here , they are only after one man right now . They are after Cliven Bundy . Whether they want to incarcerate me or whether they want to shoot me in the back , they are after me . But that is not all that is at stake here . Your liberty and freedom is at stake , " he continued . And Bundy sees it as a state issue . "  The federal government has seized Nevada 's sovereignty ... they have seized Nevada 's laws and our public land . We have no access to our public land and that is only a little bit of it , " he said . This week , Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval told the bureau of residents ' criticism of the roundup . What Sandoval said he found "  most disturbing " was the BLM 's use of a "  First Amendment area " that confined protesters to a designated area . Such an area "  tramples upon Nevadans ' fundamental rights under the U.S. Constitution , " Sandoval said . "  No cow justifies the atmosphere of intimidation which currently exists nor the limitation of constitutional rights that are sacred to all Nevadans . "  In response , federal officials are allowing the protesters to gather on public lands as long as they do n't impede the roundup , said Lueders , the BLM 's director in Nevada . Bundy is digging in for a long fight . "  I 've been fighting this for a number of years . It 's not about my cows , I 'll tell you that much , " he said at a town meeting on Wednesday night . "  It 's about freedom and liberty and our Constitution ... and above all it 's about our policing power . Who has policing power today ? " With the growing controversy , it was uncertain Thursday how long the cattle roundup will now last . At Wednesday night 's meeting , residents gave Bundy a standing ovation when he publicly spoke . "  I love you people . And I love this land , and I love freedom and liberty , " Bundy told the crowd . "  I know without doubt that our Constitution did n't provide for anything like the federal government owning this land , and so when I pay my grazing fees -- if I owe any grazing fees -- I will sure pay it to the right landlord , and that will be to Clark County , Nevada . "	Feds : Cliven Bundy 's livestock has been illegally grazing on U.S. lands for 20 years Bundy says his family 's cattle has grazed on the land since the 1800s After winning in court , U.S. officials begin a roundup of his 500 cattle A YouTube video shows family and supporters in a heated face-off with rangers
CNN  -- At a security conference recently , the moderator asked the panel of distinguished cybersecurity leaders what their nightmare scenario was . The answers were the predictable array of large-scale attacks : against our communications infrastructure , against the power grid , against the financial system , in combination with a physical attack . I did n't get to give my answer until the afternoon , which was : "  My nightmare scenario is that people keep talking about their nightmare scenarios . " There 's a certain blindness that comes from worst-case thinking . An extension of the precautionary principle , it involves imagining the worst possible outcome and then acting as if it were a certainty . It substitutes imagination for thinking , speculation for risk analysis and fear for reason . It fosters powerlessness and vulnerability and magnifies social paralysis . And it makes us more vulnerable to the effects of terrorism . Worst-case thinking means generally bad decision making for several reasons . First , it 's only half of the cost-benefit equation . Every decision has costs and benefits , risks and rewards . By speculating about what can possibly go wrong , and then acting as if that is likely to happen , worst-case thinking focuses only on the extreme but improbable risks and does a poor job at assessing outcomes . Second , it 's based on flawed logic . It begs the question by assuming that a proponent of an action must prove that the nightmare scenario is impossible . Third , it can be used to support any position or its opposite . If we build a nuclear power plant , it could melt down . If we do n't build it , we will run short of power and society will collapse into anarchy . If we allow flights near Iceland 's volcanic ash , planes will crash and people will die . If we do n't , organs wo n't arrive in time for transplant operations and people will die . If we do n't invade Iraq , Saddam Hussein might use the nuclear weapons he might have . If we do , we might destabilize the Middle East , leading to widespread violence and death . Of course , not all fears are equal . Those that we tend to exaggerate are more easily justified by worst-case thinking . So terrorism fears trump privacy fears , and almost everything else ; technology is hard to understand and therefore scary ; nuclear weapons are worse than conventional weapons ; our children need to be protected at all costs ; and annihilating the planet is bad . Basically , any fear that would make a good movie plot is amenable to worst-case thinking . Fourth and finally , worst-case thinking validates ignorance . Instead of focusing on what we know , it focuses on what we do n't know -- and what we can imagine . Remember Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's quote ? "  Reports that say that something has n't happened are always interesting to me , because as we know , there are known knowns ; there are things we know we know . We also know there are known unknowns ; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know . But there are also unknown unknowns -- the ones we do n't know we do n't know . " And this : "  the absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . " Ignorance is n't a cause for doubt ; when you can fill that ignorance with imagination , it can be a call to action . Even worse , it can lead to hasty and dangerous acts . You ca n't wait for a smoking gun , so you act as if the gun is about to go off . Rather than making us safer , worst-case thinking has the potential to cause dangerous escalation . The new undercurrent in this is that our society no longer has the ability to calculate probabilities . Risk assessment is devalued . Probabilistic thinking is repudiated in favor of "  possibilistic thinking " : Since we ca n't know what 's likely to go wrong , let 's speculate about what can possibly go wrong . Worst-case thinking leads to bad decisions , bad systems design , and bad security . And we all have direct experience with its effects : airline security and the TSA , which we make fun of when we 're not appalled that they 're harassing 93-year-old women or keeping first-graders off airplanes . You ca n't be too careful ! Actually , you can . You can refuse to fly because of the possibility of plane crashes . You can lock your children in the house because of the possibility of child predators . You can eschew all contact with people because of the possibility of hurt . Steven Hawking wants to avoid trying to communicate with aliens because they might be hostile ; does he want to turn off all the planet 's television broadcasts because they 're radiating into space ? It is n't hard to parody worst-case thinking , and at its extreme it 's a psychological condition . Frank Furedi , a sociology professor at the University of Kent , writes : "  Worst-case thinking encourages society to adopt fear as one of the dominant principles around which the public , the government and institutions should organize their life . It institutionalizes insecurity and fosters a mood of confusion and powerlessness . Through popularizing the belief that worst cases are normal , it incites people to feel defenseless and vulnerable to a wide range of future threats . " Even worse , it plays directly into the hands of terrorists , creating a population that is easily terrorized -- even by failed terrorist attacks like the Christmas Day underwear bomber and the Times Square SUV bomber . When someone is proposing a change , the onus should be on them to justify it over the status quo . But worst case thinking is a way of looking at the world that exaggerates the rare and unusual and gives the rare much more credence than it deserves . It is n't really a principle ; it 's a cheap trick to justify what you already believe . It lets lazy or biased people make what seem to be cogent arguments without understanding the whole issue . And when people do n't need to refute counterarguments , there 's no point in listening to them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier says worst-case security planning focuses on unlikely as though it 's certain He says it 's a blunt intrument that distorts risk analysis , plays to terrorists , makes us fearful This , he says , leads to bad , dangerous decisions and policies that leave us vulnerable Schneier : It lets biased people make seemingly good arguments without understanding issue
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper Heavy D collapsed in his Beverly Hills home Tuesday morning and died a short time later at a Los Angeles hospital , according to police and the coroner . He was 44 . Heavy D , whose real name is Dwight Arrington Myers , was found conscious with difficulty breathing at his home after police were called there at 11:25 a.m. , the Beverly Hills police said in a news release . He was pronounced dead in the emergency room at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center on Tuesday afternoon , according to Los Angeles County coroner 's operations chief Craig Harvey . The cause of death has not been determined , Harvey said . His hip-hop recording career began in 1987 with his group Heavy D & the Boyz and on his first album he released the hit single "  The Overweight Lover 's in the House . " Another one of his breakthrough hits came in 1991 with a remake of the O'Jays ' "  Now That We Found Love . " Heavy D 's rapping was featured on Janet Jackson 's 1990 hit "  Alright . " He rapped on Michael Jackson 's 1991 hit "  Jam , " which he performed at last month 's Michael Jackson tribute show in Cardiff , Wales . He also composed and performed the theme songs several television shows , including "  In Living Color , " "  MADtv " and "  The Tracy Morgan Show . " His last CD , "  Love Opus , " was released this year . Heavy D also pursued an acting career , which included mostly roles on TV shows and movies . He played a courthouse guard in the Eddie Murphy film "  Tower Heist , " released last weekend . iReporter : "  Rest in peace to Heavy D " He used his Twitter account Monday night to express sadness about the death of boxer Joe Frazier : "  SMOKIN JOE FRAZIER . . RIP . . truly one of the best heavyweight champs that ever lived . . GODS SPEED , MR FRAZIER ! " Heavy D 's last Twitter message , posted late Monday , was : "  BE INSPIRED ! " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Heavy D died in the ER at Cedars-Sinai , the coroner 's office says Beverly Hills police were called to his home at 11:25 a.m. Tuesday , police say He performed last month at the Michael Jackson tribute in Wales The rapper 's real name was Dwight Arrington Myers
CNN  -- A new chapter in the fast-food wars was created with Heinz hiring Bernardo Hees , former Burger King CEO , to lead its company . Despite a decades-long relationship , McDonald 's terminated its contract with Heinz due to this hiring decision . While Heinz has not publicly addressed its reasons for naming Hees CEO , questions have been raised about the strategy behind recruiting him . Perhaps , given his fast-food experience , the plan was to have him turnaround a relationship that had been falling apart for several years . While many perceive the hiring of Hees as an abrupt end to the Heinz McDonald 's relationship , it actually began souring during the 1973 tomato shortage . Heinz , in a 2011 interview with the Wall Street Journal , revealed that it only was serving two U.S. markets -- Minneapolis and Pittsburgh -- for McDonald 's . Within that same article , Heinz announced new ketchup packaging that , while not specifically developed to lure McDonald 's back , created hope that the door could be reopened . To date , that has not happened , and with Hees at the helm , the door is now completely closed . Possibly , Heinz expected Hees fast-food industry background to rejuvenate its McDonald 's relationship and drive revenue from it . If that was the rationale , the strategy clearly backfired . However , the expectation of success primarily based on prior industry experience parallels a common salesperson hiring strategy . Executives in search of fast , high performance often focus their recruiting campaigns on candidates within their industry -- with a watchful eye on the competitor 's top salespeople . Is this a brilliant growth strategy or a myth that , more often than not , leads to failure ? To share a story ... During the Dot-Com boom , I was the Director of Sales for a large technology training company . At that time , Microsoft , Cisco , Novell , and IBM were experiencing explosive growth -- which created tremendous demand for information technology training to support its products . While our company was doing well , a competitor had fallen on hard times which led to my receiving a phone call from one of its top salespeople . He , and a group of five others , were interested in joining our firm . It would be inaccurate to say that the six salespeople were interviewed by our company . The truth is job offers were fast-tracked because of their industry background . "  This group requires no training and is bringing clients with them ... fast , high performance . " -- at least that is what we believed . All six accepted the job offers and all six were no longer with the company within ninety days of their hiring . We thought they would succeed  and fast  because of their industry experience -- but the plan was flawed . While they had been successful with a competitor , they were mismatched with our company . Our executive team , like so many others , was blinded by the myth of assured success when hiring those with industry background . While prior industry experience is certainly helpful to a salesperson , it is not a guarantee of success -- far from it . Many executives cite "  complexity of the industry " as a reason to exclusively hire salespeople from competitors -- inferring that industry knowledge is too hard to teach . If that 's true , how did these executives learn their industry ? They certainly did n't come out of the womb with that insight . Those executives are really communicating that they do n't want to train salespeople on the industry fundamentals . It also dangerously assumes that the competition is doing a better job of training salespeople than they are . Of course , another reason executives pursue the competition 's salespeople is the expectation they will bring a book of business with them -- also a myth . Moving clients from one supplier to another is very difficult to do - unless there are reasons other than the salesperson changing business cards . Not to mention , there are potential legal issues when salespeople try to move "  their " clients when changing jobs . Limiting salesperson hiring to just those with industry experience creates a scalability problem for the company . There are only so many people with industry experience and only a small subset who the company would want on the team . What happens when the candidate pool runs dry and there are job openings on the sales team ? Rather than blindly pursue those salespeople with industry mastery , first study each sales role and identify the factors that affect performance . What causes salespeople to succeed or fail in the role ? Understanding the performance factors provides the means to carefully assess sales talent for matches to those factors . Not only does this help identify which candidates with industry background will succeed in the company , but it also opens the door to strong candidates without prior industry experience . Cast the "  industry experience " requirement aside and hire those salespeople who have what it takes to succeed in the company . Hiring right is the first step of positioning the business for success . The second is to create a sales on boarding program teaching salespeople the requisite knowledge to deliver fast , high performance for the company . Reviewing performance factors before hiring and developing on boarding programs are not just sales hiring strategies . These steps are also applicable for leadership positions . Had Heinz taken this approach , they may have selected a different CEO to lead the company . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee B. Salz .	McDonald 's terminated contract with Heinz after hiring former Burger King CEO Management expert Lee Salz says hiring former competitors is flawed strategy Ignore "  industry experience " hiring practice , says Salz
CNN  A group of foreign medical students are thought to have traveled to Syria to work in ISIS-controlled hospitals , a Turkish lawmaker told CNN Sunday . The group of 11 people includes seven Britons , an American , a Canadian and two Sudanese , Mehmet Ali Ediboglu said . Ediboglu , an opposition Turkish lawmaker , told The Observer that he had spoken with the students ' families , who were convinced their loved ones wanted to work for ISIS and were asking him for help tracking them down in neighboring Syria . "  They have been cheated , brainwashed . That is what I , and their relatives , think , " Ediboglu said , according to the newspaper . But he also stressed that the group did not travel with the intention of joining the battle . "  Let 's not forget about the fact that they are doctors , " he told The Observer . "  They went there to help , not to fight . " Eight of the group are medical students who 've just graduated and three others are in their final year of medical school , he said . They 'd been studying in Khartoum , Sudan . Now , at least seven of their mothers and fathers are living near the Turkey-Syria border , pleading for their return , according to The Observer . In an interview published Monday in Turkey 's Hürriyet Daily News , the group of parents said they were worried and vowed not to leave Turkey without their children . Dr. Maumoon Abdulqadir said he was sending a message to his daughter , Lena , who is one of the students . "  I know you want to help people and be of use . But you can do this in another way , " he told the newspaper . "  There are many who need your help . But this is not the way . Please , come back . " British officials said they are aware of the report . "  We are providing consular assistance to their families and we have informed the Turkish police to try and ascertain their whereabouts , " the British Foreign & Commonwealth Office said in a statement . Officials have warned that a growing number of foreign fighters are traveling to join ISIS ' ranks . Estimates about how many medical personnel the group has recruited are harder to come by . Last year , a 19-year-old Colorado woman was arrested at Denver International Airport as she was about to embark on a journey to an ISIS camp , where she hoped to serve as a nurse . CNN 's Nimet Kirac and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	Worried father sends message to daughter : "  Please , come back " Lawmaker : Med students ' family members believe they wanted to work for ISIS "  They have been cheated , brainwashed , " the Turkish lawmaker says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal law enforcement authorities are discussing what to do with the lone surviving pirate captured Sunday off Somalia 's coast after a successful military rescue abruptly ended a five-day hostage standoff at sea . A Kenyan police officer guards the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama at a Mombasa port Sunday . According to sources familiar with the case , U.S. government officials are weighing potential legal hurdles they may face if the young Somali captive is flown to New York or Washington to face federal criminal charges . Officially , the government is virtually mum on the discussions . "  The Justice Department continues to review the evidence and other issues to determine whether to seek prosecution of this individual in the United States , " said Dean Boyd , spokesman for the Justice Department National Security Division . Sources who asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to discuss the matter said the detained Somali youth remains in military custody , but is likely to be turned over eventually to the FBI for transport to the United States . Watch how the Navy deals with pirates " New York-based FBI agents are assisting Nairobi-based agents in collecting evidence and conducting interviews . Some officials say it appears most likely the captive initially would be flown to New York to stand trial . However , sources stress no decisions have been made on when or where the young pirate would face justice . Investigators face the early and potentially difficult task of determining whether the Somali suspect is at least 18 years of age . Initial reports from the Horn of Africa have indicated the young man is anywhere from 16 to 19 years old . Officials note that authoritatively establishing his identity and date of birth in a lawless country , where records are often lost or burned , if they ever existed at all , may be problematic . Even if officials determine the Somali youth is a juvenile , he could be presented to a magistrate in a U.S. District Court . Justice Department records indicate such occurrences are rare , with juveniles accounting for less than 1 percent of criminal defendants . The latest available figures show among the thousands of federal prisoners , about half of the 200-plus defendants 17 or younger are held for trial as adults , while the other half are detained as juveniles . Whether adult or juvenile , the Somali captive could be charged under an international treaty to which the United States is a signatory that carries penalties of up to life in prison . Watch how U.S. could deal with captured pirate " The 1988 Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation has been used to prosecute pirates in other countries . The agreement allows for pirates and hostage takers on the high seas to be prosecuted in any country which signed the treaty , without regard to which national flag a ship was flying . Former FBI official and CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , who supervised international operations for the FBI , recalls agents providing critical help in winning the conviction in a Kenyan courtroom of 10 pirates captured in 2006 with the help of the U.S. military . The USS Nassau had come to the aid of an Indian ship on which pirates were holding 16 Indian hostages . Shots were fired , prompting the pirates to surrender . "  The government of Kenya wanted to prosecute the case , so the Justice Department and State Department agreed to that . We said ` Let 's teach them to fish ' , " Fuentes said . Watch report on pirates ' deadly new goal " He said FBI agents ended up spending six months working with Kenyan authorities on how to conduct interviews , handle and protect evidence , and shape a prosecution that would stand up in any courtroom in the world . The pirates were convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison . Officials familiar with the current case say the lone Somali suspect in U.S. military custody could be turned over to Kenya or another country in the region if barriers to a U.S. prosecution appear to be daunting . However , because the ship was U.S.-flagged and the seized sea captain was a U.S. citizen , federal authorities will want to prosecute the case on U.S. soil if at all possible , according to one federal law enforcement official . Another official said it was probable that if a charge against the Somali is filed in a U.S. court , the action would be filed under a court seal and kept secret from the public until the suspect suddenly appears in court to hear the charge read by a magistrate judge . Officials indicate such developments are not likely to occur soon .	Legal hurdles abound if Somali captive is flown to United States for prosecution Suspect in U.S. military custody could be turned over to Kenya or another country Complicating issue is suspect 's age , reportedly between 16 and 19
CNN  My vote for Father of the Year goes to Curt Schilling . The former Major League Baseball pitcher recently fired off a series of fastballs and mowed down a group of Twitter trolls who made the mistake of tweeting vulgar and sexually-explicit comments about Schilling 's teenage daughter . The drama started , innocently enough , on February 25 , when Schilling played the role of a proud father . He sent a tweet congratulating his daughter , Gabby , on being accepted to Salve Regina University , where she 'll play softball . It read : "  Congrats to Gabby Schilling who will pitch for the Salve Regina Seahawks next year !! -- Curt Schilling  @gehrig38  " Almost immediately , responses came in from young men , complete strangers who apparently followed Schilling on Twitter . The tweets quickly went from immature , to creepy , to repugnant . Threats of rape were common . The tweets were deleted , and the accounts were closed after this story went viral . But not before Schilling captured some of the images and posted them on his blog . What was said about 17-year-old Gabby Schilling was n't just obnoxious . It was vile and obscene . What was said was n't just mean and ugly . It was threatening and scary . As a parent , it 's the kind of thing that makes you rethink your opposition to public caning as a logical punishment for such transgressions . These misogynistic cowards may have thought they could hide in the darkness of anonymity , the sort that many have come to expect from social media sites , where you feel free to be a despicable human being because , you think , no one will ever find out who you really are and hold you accountable for your words . If so , they thought wrong . They could n't hide . They were found out , and they got the throttling they so richly deserved . Thanks to dad . According to Schilling , who made it his mission to track down these cretins and make sure those they associate with know who they really are , two people have already paid a price due to their tweets . One was a student disc jockey at a community college in New Jersey , who was suspended , and the other was a part-time ticket seller for the New York Yankees , who was fired . Concerned that this is an example of exactly the kind of cyberbullying that leads some teenagers to commit suicide , Schilling is also thinking about taking legal action against some of the other people involved . Bravo for him . I 'm sure that , all across America , dads with daughters -- after reading some of the horrible things that were said about this young girl -- are marveling at Schilling 's self-control . I have two daughters of my own , and he 's a better man than me . If ever there was a case where profanity-spewing malcontents deserved to have their mouths washed out with soap , this is it . So what additional insights can we draw , and what larger lessons can we learn , from this unexpected but predictable collision of old-fashioned parenthood and newfangled media ? There are a few . The first is about accountability , the very thing that the young men who posted these hurtful messages were trying to avoid . But Schilling would n't let them . At their best , social media sites like Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and others allow the sharing the information and the building of a sense of community . At their worst , they become digital sandboxes and locker rooms where people think have a license to misbehave without having to worry about consequences . We need to applaud efforts like this that promote greater online accountability . There 's also something to be said about protective parents , and how essential they are to a working society . We should still be concerned about those overprotective parents who hover like helicopters from little league to job interviews . We should n't bubblewrap our kids , and keep them from playing outdoors , and then sit around wondering why they 're soft , timid , and risk-averse . But protective parents -- the kind who shield their kids from real danger -- never go out of style . A parent 's top job is to protect his children . Schilling did his job . Finally , it 's worth reminding everyone that freedom of expression does not mean freedom from rules , standards , and expectations that should guide your behavior . There are things you do n't say . There are boundaries , ways that we expect you to behave so you do n't terrorize other people or bring shame upon yourself , your friends , and your family . If you do n't have social skills , you do n't belong on social media . The tweets make you wince . But in this story , you 'll still find plenty to smile about . This whole drama unfolded because Schilling was proud of his daughter . Now , given how he reacted , we all have reason to be proud of him .	Ruben Navarrette : Schilling deserves praise for taking on online haters for offensive comments about his daughter Navarrette : In protecting his child , Schilling set a model for parenting and taught us a lesson about social media
London  CNN  -- Britain 's phone hacking trial got a shot of Hollywood glamor Friday , as actress Sienna Miller was quizzed on the stand about her relationships with movie stars Daniel Craig and Jude Law . The trial has been focusing this week on the claim that she had an affair with Craig , which was exposed by a tabloid journalist hacking the James Bond actor 's voice mail . The journalist , confessed phone hacker Dan Evans , testified that Miller left Craig a voice mail telling him she loved him while she was out at a swanky London club with her then-boyfriend Jude Law . "  Hi , it 's me , I ca n't speak , I 'm at the Groucho  club  with Jude . I love you , " the voice mail said , according to Evans , who is testifying for the prosecution . Miller testified that it was the kind of message she might have left for Craig , but that it has been misconstrued by the media and the public . "  For a long period of time , he was one of my closest friends , " she said of Craig . "  That 's how I ended all my calls to my friends . " She said she had never had a "  relationship , " with Craig , adding : "  It was a brief encounter . " Lawyer to actress : I love you The private lives of the Hollywood stars are being exposed as part of a long-running trial into phone hacking by British tabloid journalists . A key defendant , former News of the World editor Andy Coulson , became a top spokesman for British Prime Minister David Cameron after leaving the paper over a hacking scandal . Coulson 's defense lawyer , Timothy Langdale , accidentally set up the funniest moment in the week 's testimony when cross-examining Miller about the "  I love you " voice mail . He was reading it to Miller , who testified by video link from New Orleans , when the two began talking over each other because of a delay on the line . Langdale stopped and asked Miller to go ahead . "  No , you just told me you loved me and I interrupted you , " Miller replied , drawing laughter from everyone in court . Langdale has spent most of the week trying to punch holes in Evans ' testimony , and drew out that Miller had not been in London the night she is supposed to have left the voice mail from the Groucho club . Under his cross-examination , Miller said she recognized that a journalist might find the voice mail "  titillating . " "  I think if journalists got their hands on that piece of information , they would find it titillating and it might be the basis for a story , " she said . "  People would have thought that was a pretty exciting message to hear -- people who did n't know my nature and know that 's how I communicated with people . " From paper to politics Coulson resigned as editor of News of the World in 2007 after a journalist working for him pleaded guilty to conspiring to hack phones . He said he did not know the journalist had been doing it , but he accepted responsibility as editor of the paper and quit , and then went to work for Cameron . Cameron became Prime Minister in 2010 . Coulson resigned as his spokesman in 2011 when the phone hacking scandal exploded for the second time . Coulson and the other six defendants deny the charges against them , which include conspiracy to intercept messages and related crimes . Evans , a last-minute prosecution witness , insisted Tuesday that he played the hacked Sienna Miller voice mail for Coulson in 2005 . Coulson , Evans said , shouted , "  Brilliant . " The editor went on to instruct Evans to cover up the fact that Evans had obtained the voice mail illegally , Evans testified . He told Evans to make a copy of the message , put the copy in a Jiffy bag and send it to the front gate of the newspaper offices to make it appear as if it had been dropped off as an anonymous tip . News of the World ran a front-page story about the alleged affair on October 9 , 2005 . ` Even the office cat ' knew On Thursday , Coulson 's lawyer Langdale said that Coulson was not even in London on the date Evans claimed to have played him the voice mail , according to British media reports . Evans has steadfastly insisted that Coulson knew that journalists at the paper were illegally intercepting voice mail , and that Evans was hired partly for his ability to do so . The former News of the World reporter has said that everyone at the newspaper , "  even the office cat , " knew he was hacking phones , and that Coulson certainly did . On Tuesday , he rattled off a list of 10 names of colleagues who he said knew it , including Coulson . Langdale has pushed Evans to admit that he negotiated hard to get immunity from prosecution after he was arrested for hacking phones . Evans conceded that prosecutors had said he would not only have to admit his own guilt , but incriminate others in order to get immunity . In the end , prosecutors did not offer him the full immunity he sought , he said . Evans has also admitted to alcohol and drug abuse , but said he is clean now . The trial has touched the highest levels of British politics , media and society . In addition to the link between Coulson and the British Prime Minister , the case has put pressure on global media baron Rupert Murdoch , who owned the News of the World until he shut it down over the hacking revelations . Rebekah Brooks , a friend of Cameron and a protege of Murdoch , was editor of News of the World before Coulson , and went on to become head of Murdoch 's British newspaper publishing company before resigning over the hacking scandal . She is a defendant alongside Coulson , and also denies all the charges against her .	NEW : Miller says she had never had a "  relationship , " with Craig ; "  It was a brief encounter " NEW : Her hacked voice mail saying she loved him causes a light moment in court Former News of the World journalist Dan Evans says his editor knew of the hacking Former editors Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks deny the charges against them
Anger over Greece 's austerity measures exploded in the streets of Athens early Monday as tens of thousands of protesters clashed with police in riots that left 106 police officers and dozens of civilians injured , according to police . The riot , widely described as one of the worst in Athens since Greece began dealing with its crippling debt crisis in 2010 , broke out after the Greek Parliament approved a new package of austerity measures in return for a new eurozone bailout of the debt-stricken country . Protesters among a crowd estimated by police at about 80,000 hurled rocks and firebombs toward police . Officers responded with tear gas . At least 74 people were arrested , police said . Police said investigators were still tallying property damages , but the Athens News Agency said more than 45 buildings were damaged by fire and numerous others were looted . Among the damaged buildings were a bank , cafes and a movie theater , the news agency reported . The violent protests reflect increasing angst in Greece over crushing economic problems , said CNN iReporter Thanasis Trompoukis . "  They are protesting because they feel that there is no end in their financial suffering . More and more  people  every day are getting poorer and become homeless in Greece , and especially Athens , " he said . Photos : Police scatter Greek protesters with tear gas The package , which includes deep cuts in government spending , wages and pensions , will help pave the way for eurozone finance ministers to sign off on the new $ 130 billion  $ 172.6 billion  bailout deal . It passed Parliament in a 199-74 vote . Greece needs the funds in order to meet $ 14.5 billion in debt repayments due next month . Speaking before the vote , Prime Minister Lucas Papademos called for calm . "  This vandalism , violence , they have no place in a democracy and will not be tolerated , " he told lawmakers , urging them to approve the deal . "  At this critical time , we do n't have the luxury of such conflicts , " he said . Echoing comments he made in a speech to the Cabinet Saturday evening , Papademos warned lawmakers the government would not be able to pay salaries , cover services or import basic goods if the plan was not approved . He spoke about the possibility of "  catastrophic bankruptcy . " "  It 's a hard program , a tough program , which also envisages some painful sacrifices , " he said , adding that the plan would put Greece back on "  stable ground . " Protesters criticizing the program have demonstrated for days . Interactive : How do eurozone figures stack up ? On Saturday , some isolated scuffles broke out as protesters rallied in Syntagma Square , in front of the Parliament building , but the mood was calmer than a day earlier . Friday 's protest dispersed after youths smashed pavements and began throwing stones and pieces of marble , as well as Molotov cocktails , at the police , who responded with stun grenades and teargas . Monday 's protests are being widely described as some of the worst since the Greek debt crisis began in 2010 . In May of that year , three people died when a fire bomb hit a bank in central Athens during protests over austerity measures . Even though the sweeping reform package agreed to by Greece and the so-called troika -- made up of the European Commission , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund -- was approved in Parliament , Greek lawmakers must still do more . Jean-Claude Juncker , the prime minister of Luxembourg and head of the Eurogroup , which brings together euro-area finance ministers , said Thursday that other assurances were also needed from Athens before the bailout could be paid out . Greece 's political leaders must pledge that they will continue to implement the measures after upcoming elections , he said . Athens must also find a further $ 325 million in "  structural expenditure " cuts for 2012 , Juncker added . The bailout deal , which would result in significant losses for bondholders , is intended to help reduce Greece 's debts to 120 % of gross domestic product by 2020 , from about 160 % currently . Greece , which owes some $ 330 billion , has come close to default before . The nation has struggled to follow through on austerity measures and economic reforms that were a condition of its 2010 bailout package . At the same time , the Greek economy has been in recession for years and many analysts warn that additional austerity could make the situation worse . U.S. and European stocks were higher Monday morning following passage of the austerity package . Stock markets have been anxious about the potential impact of a Greek default on the European and world economies .	Riots leave 106 police officers , scores of civilians injured The rioting follows approval of an austerity plan Prime Minister Lucas Papademos calls for calm , says violence will not be tolerated Approval of the plan will pave the way for a $ 172 billion bailout deal
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The wrath of Typhoon Morakot has affected nearly 9 million people across four coastal China provinces and killed dozens in Taiwan , officials said Tuesday . A rescue worker carries a child on Tuesday who survived flooding in southern Taiwan . The typhoon , which stormed through the Philippines and Taiwan before slamming into eastern China over the weekend , has forced more than 1.4 million people to relocate on the mainland , China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs said . At least six people -- four of them in Zhejiang province -- were killed along the coast , and more than 6,000 homes were destroyed . In Taiwan , Morakot was blamed for at least 38 deaths , 35 injuries and 62 missing people , said Yu-Chu Liang , a senior official with Taiwan 's National Disasters Prevention and Protection Commission . The village of Siaolin was one of several engulfed by flooding and mudslides in southern Taiwan 's Kaohsiung County over the weekend , Taiwan 's Central News Agency reported . Villagers rescued from a massive mudslide in Siaolin said at least 300 others were feared trapped beneath debris , state-run media reported Tuesday . Liang could n't confirm that figure , but said officials thought that more than 100 people were buried alive . Helicopters plucked more than 60 survivors from Siaolin and headed back for 150 more people still struggling through the debris , he said . The mudslide buried roadways and cut water and electric supplies , Liang added . Morakot caused the worst flooding in decades in Taiwan -- where floodwaters as high as 7 feet were reported , China Daily said . The village of Siaolin was just one of several engulfed by flooding and mudslides in southern Taiwan 's Kaohsiung County since Morakot arrived over the weekend , Taiwan 's Central News Agency reported . "  The most pressing needs now are providing shelter , food and clean water for those who have had to evacuate their homes , " said Hank Du , executive director for the humanitarian group World Vision in Taiwan . "  We also want to make sure the children are secure and have a safe place where they are cared for . " The group has started to distribute food , cleaning supplies , raincoats , flashlights and other supplies to those displaced in several Taiwanese communities . "  Many of the affected live in remote areas , and the roads are in bad condition . Highways and bridges are flooded and blocked by mudslides , fallen trees and other large debris , " said Wesley Chen of World Vision . "  For those who ca n't reach shelters , we are working to find ways to bring aid to them . " Morakot-linked mudslides also have spilled into provincial eastern China , crushing homes and burying people in their path . In one coastal town , a massive mudslide crushed a half-dozen buildings and buried an unknown number of people , the Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday . The mudslide occurred about 10:30 p.m. Monday in Pengxi township in Zhejiang province -- one of eastern China 's regions hardest hit by Morakot , Xinhua reported , citing local authorities . The incident destroyed four-story apartment buildings standing at the foot of a mountain . Rescuers pulled six survivors from the debris ; one was in critical condition , according to Xinhua . However , it was n't clear how many others were buried , and rescuers were hindered by huge piles of mud and rock . The storm made landfall in the coastal area of Beibi town , Xiapu county , in Fujian province , about 4:20 p.m. Sunday  4:20 a.m. Sunday ET  , according to Xinhua . Morakot 's winds were clocked at 118 kilometers per hour  73 mph  in its eye , according to the province 's meteorological bureau .	NEW : Dozens dead , even more missing in Taiwan from storm-caused flooding NEW : Taiwanese villagers fear hundreds of people buried under mudslides Reports : Mudslides crush homes , bury unknown number of people in China More than 1 million people displaced in China , dozens missing , media report
CNN  -- I am a mother of three , and my views on guns have evolved significantly over the course of my lifetime . My husband hunts and believes strongly in his right to bear arms . But when my 25-year-old son , Peter , shot himself in a moment of despair in April 2012 , I came full circle to a harsh reality : There are almost twice as many suicides as murders by firearm across America , roughly 19,000 of the 30,000 gun deaths each year . Yet we disproportionately fear and almost exclusively talk of criminals in the national gun debate . My introduction to guns came on a hot summer day in 1963 . My father , 53 , sent us all out of the house to have an afternoon of fun at a swimming pool . He called police , wrote "  I 'm sorry " on a scrap of paper , and shot himself in our basement . My dad had recently lost his job . Not knowing how he would support his family , he had calculated how much his life insurance policies would pay upon his death . It was enough for my mother to raise the five of us , between the ages of 5 and 15 at the time . Related : A mother 's journey to bearing arms I vividly recall the carefree joy of that day in the sun , which was shattered by numbness , confusion , shock , grief and shame . The world felt much less safe from that day on . Fifteen years later , I became a naval officer to support myself and so I would never be a financial burden on anyone . I qualified as a marksman on an M-16 rifle , felt the kick of firing a .45 - caliber handgun and visited the pistol range many times to shoot a friend 's .38 - caliber revolver . I was not afraid of guns . When my sons were still small , I got rid of my handgun because I was more afraid for them than for myself . I recalled my co-worker 's experience : Her son 's friend was accidentally shot in her garage when another youngster brought a gun over , unbeknownst to any adults . Marine to senator : I wo n't ` register my weapons ' All three of my smart , athletic sons grew up to graduate from college and find good-paying jobs . In the summer of 2011 , my middle son bought a house just outside of Baltimore with his then-girlfriend of five years . As he often did , Peter followed his older brother 's lead , buying a handgun for protection and target shooting . He developed a fascination with weapons and bought a rifle and a sword , too , all "  tools " designed to kill . When Peter proudly showed me his new handgun , I spoke to him about my father 's suicide by gun almost 50 years earlier -- the pain and sorrow it caused and the fear for him it now raised in me . I advised him that numerous , reliable studies showed that his gun was more likely to be used against a member of his own household than on anyone else . He expressed surprise at this information . Having said my piece , I dismissed my fears , satisfied that "  forewarned is forearmed . " Ten months later , I knew Peter was unhappy with his job , but none of us close to him ever imagined he was so despondent . He called in sick to work one Friday , wrote me and his fiancee notes of love and apology , walked to the woods , called police and shot himself in the head . He left his driver 's license with its red heart for organ donation next to him . A dozen people received his last gifts , half of which saved lives . Our love affair with guns in this country needs to be tempered with a healthy dose of respect for all the dangers of ownership . I support the right of individuals to make informed decisions about whether and how to keep a gun in their house . Parents defend right to keep guns in the home Given the number of guns already out there , alerting owners to the heightened risks and steps to reduce those risks seems wiser than speaking of getting rid of them . That just throws up a furious wall of opposition from gun owners . Determined to spare other parents this horrific experience , I have studied much of the research related to suicide and firearms . It 's a myth that without a gun handy , people bent on killing themselves will just find another way . For many , the suicidal crisis is temporary , and 90 % of those who survive an attempt do not go on to die by suicide . Any obstacle or delay can break the self-destructive trance . Guns are extremely lethal as a means of suicide . Very few survive a self-inflicted gunshot wound to get a second chance at life . Protecting your family from this risk means getting rid of or locking up your guns . Having a gun in your home at least doubles the risk of suicide for all who live there . Gun safes , trigger locks and separate ammo storage can reduce , but not eliminate , that increased risk . Think twice about giving adolescents or any troubled family member unsupervised access to deadly weapons , no matter how much safety training they 've had . Mental health treatment has not made a dent in suicide statistics , but reducing access to the most lethal methods can drastically lower overall suicide and murder rates . Many of us face moments of overwhelming despair , whether mentally ill or not . The vast majority of us get past these dark thoughts and learn to cope with the trials of life . Though guns lack intent , they are suggestive of death . The mere presence of this most lethal tool actually influences the suicidal person 's decision by making death too easy , quick and certain . My hope is that people will recognize the very real threat of suicide , know that it is preventable , and act to keep guns out of reach . If you suspect that anyone in your family might be suffering from depression or suicidal thoughts , please get the gun out of the house or change the combination or the key before it 's too late . While we at CNN are not trained to offer you the best guidance on what to do right now if you are considering suicide , we are concerned for your safety and would like to direct you to someone who may be able to help . The trained counselors at the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline are available 24/7 by calling 1-800-273-TALK  8255  . The call is free and confidential . We hope that you can remain safe , not do anything to hurt yourself and continue to reach out . The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline has partnered with us to be a source of help to those who feel they ca n't go on . They are ready to hear from you and want to listen and help . You can learn more about them at http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorothy Paugh .	Dorothy Paugh lost her father and later her son to suicide by gun Paugh wrote this as a counterpoint to this argument for gun ownership As a naval officer , she qualified as a marksman Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- The ire and angst accompanying Facebook 's most recent tweaks to its interface are truly astounding . The complaints rival the irritation of AOL 's dial-up users back in the mid - '90s , who were getting too many busy signals when they tried to get online . The big difference , of course , is that AOL 's users were paying customers . In the case of Facebook , which we do n't even pay to use , we are n't the customers at all . Let 's start with the changes themselves . Until now , the main thing that showed up on users ' pages was a big list of "  updates " from all the friends and companies and groups to which they were connected . It was a giant chronological list that made no distinction between an article  like this one  that may have been recommended by a hundred friends and the news that one person just changed his relationship status or had a funny dream . Facebook has now prioritized that flow of stories into a news feed that puts "  top stories " on top , and the more chronological list of everything down below . Top stories are selected by an algorithm of some sort that "  knows " what will be important to the user based on past behavior and numbers of connections to those recommending the story , and so on . Meanwhile , as if to make up for this violation of the what-just-happened-is-the-only-thing-that-matters ethos of the social net , Facebook added a live , Twitter-like stream of everything everyone else is doing or saying . It runs down the right side of the screen , almost like CNN TV 's awfully distracting and wisely retired "  news crawl . " On an Internet where everyone and everything are becoming "  friended " to one another , such a division of the relevant "  solid " bits from the topic stream of data points makes sense . After all , updates from your closest friends and favorite bloggers should take priority over those from some relative stranger you "  friended " because he said he was in your fifth grade class and you did n't want to insult him . If everyone ends up connected to everyone , Facebook will have to make some distinctions or the service will be useless . But users are bothered by all this . On the simplest level , they do n't like change , particularly when it results in making their free time more complex and stressful . Facebook was always a lazy person 's friend and time waster . Turning into a dashboard designed to increase productivity and relevancy turns it more into , well , work . Of course , if they stopped and thought about it , they would realize that Facebook is work . We are not Facebook 's customers at all . The boardroom discussions at Facebook are not about how to help little Johnny make more and better friendships online ; they are about how Facebook can monetize Johnny 's "  social graph " -- the accumulated data about how Johnny makes friends , shares links and makes consumer decisions . Facebook 's real customers are the companies who actually pay them for this data , and for access to our eyeballs in the form of advertisements . The hours Facebook users put into their profiles and lists and updates is the labor that Facebook then sells to the market researchers and advertisers it serves . Deep down , most users sense this , which is why every time Facebook makes a change they are awakened from the net trance for long enough to be reminded of what is really going on . They see that their "  news feeds " are going to be prioritized by an algorithm they will never understand . They begin to suspect that Facebook is about to become more useful to the companies who want to keep "  important " stories from getting lost in the churn -- and less useful for the humans . Ultimately , they do n't trust Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg and are suspicious of his every move . By contrast , Apple founder Steve Jobs took away his customers ' hard drives , Flash movies , keyboards and Firewire ports -- and yet consumers put up with the inconvenience and discomfort every step of the way because they believed that Steve knew best , and trusted that he was taking them somewhere better . Apple users pay handsomely for the privilege of putting themselves in the company 's hands . Facebook does not enjoy this same level of trust with its nonpaying subscribers . That 's because on Facebook we 're not the customers . We are the product . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Many upset by Facebook changes , but they are confused He says changes are about monetizing your information for company 's paying customers He says users actually "  work " for company by inputting info Facebook can sell to marketers Rushkoff : Change like this reminds users they are not the customers , they 're the product
CNN  -- It 's well known the fashion industry is one of the toughest to break into . To conform to the traditional stereotype of a model you need to be skinny , stunning and have legs that go on forever , right ? Try telling that to Refilwe Modiselle -- she 's breaking all the rules while sashaying down the catwalk as Africa 's first albino model . "  I was being tenacious and saying ` no , wait a minute . This is a different representation of what African beauty is , ' " Modiselle tells CNN . "  You 're told that a black child should be brown-skinned , but what do you then call a girl like myself ? I 'm not tall either . But there I was modeling with the likes of your Adiambo 's , your famous models that have really done well . " In 1999 , Modiselle was just 13 years old when she was first approached to do a five-page shoot for a youth magazine aiming to showcase how the African fashion landscape would change with the turn of the millennium . It was her first taste of fashion , but she got the bug . Yet it would n't be until she finished her high school education and entered college  at the behest of her mother  that Modiselle found herself in front of a camera again . Redefining beauty The move kickstarted her career and soon the South African student was staring back at herself from glossy magazine pages and gliding down runways at high-profile events , like Mercedes Benz Africa Fashion Week . "  I was defying everything about what society says defines a model . I 'm basically saying ` OK , let 's teach our kids a different definition of beauty , or a definition that 's always been there but has just always been disregarded . " Albinism is an inherited condition caused by a lack of melanin , a pigment in skin , hair and eyes . While it is fairly common globally -- one in every 17,000 people are born with some form of the genetic disorder -- albinos across Africa are often subject to discrimination and even , in some countries , hunted and killed because of their appearance . "  People with albinism are often not given the opportunity to get into such industries because we 're not known as extroverts , we 're not given a chance to be identified in society as people who have the potential to represent something , " she says . Identity crisis But Modiselle does n't just have to live with the unspoken threat of discrimination hanging in the air . Born in Soweto , the feisty , young model has , at times , struggled with her identity . The 28-year-old explains : "  South Africa has a history of apartheid , where race is such a big segregation . How do you then place yourself ? You are a girl who is born in a black society : the township . And now you have to fit into a world where , you 're told : this is black , this is white and you 're in a country that is constantly fighting these aspects . It 's something that is not easy because people try and place you and identify you in a specific way . " Cementing her status as a household name , she also spends one day a week filming a current affairs talk show with fellow South African television personalities Masechaba Lekalake and comedian Tol Ass Mo. . Participation in the show allows Modiselle to reveal more of her personality to the country , and to show she 's more than just a clothes horse . Though she 's not even 30 , Modiselle is already thinking about her legacy . "  I will teach through the things that I do .  My  plan for the future is just to grow myself as a brand and as an entity : to touch the world in different places and to be able to be a huge representative for Africa . "	Traditional stereotype of model is tall , skinny and aesthetically attractive South African Refilwe Modiselle is making waves as the continent 's first albino model Scouted at 13 , the 28-year-old wants to change perceptions of beauty and albinism
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel expressed regret Tuesday over the killing of a Palestinian judge from Jordan , who was shot by Israeli soldiers at a border crossing , and promised Amman that it would carry out a joint investigation into his death . The Israeli military had denounced Judge Raed Zeiter as a "  terrorist , " saying he was shot dead Monday after he attacked soldiers at the Allenby Bridge crossing , also known as the King Hussein Bridge , while making his way to the West Bank . In a more conciliatory tone , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office issued a statement saying it was committed to its 1994 peace treaty with Jordan and would establish an Israeli-Jordanian team to look into what happened . "  Israel regrets the death of Judge Raed Zeiter yesterday at the King Hussein  Allenby  bridge and expresses its sympathies to the people and government of Jordan , " the statement said . "  The joint team will commence its work promptly . " The Israeli military said Zeiter had tried to seize a soldier 's weapon . The Palestinian Authority in the West Bank city of Ramallah condemned what it called the shooting "  at close range " by Israeli troops . It demanded an investigation , as has Jordan , whose Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh summoned Israel 's charge d'affaires in Amman after the incident . ` He arrived to us dead ' Zeiter , 38 , was a West Bank-born judge working in Jordan and on a break when he was killed . He was buried in the West Bank city of Nablus on Tuesday in a funeral attended by Palestinian officials and dignitaries . "  He was coming here to take care of some property , see his house and visit his family . He arrived to us dead , " his cousin Nafe'e Zu'aiter told CNN . "  He was assassinated in cold blood ; they could have shot him in the leg even though he provoked the soldier . Why three bullets to end his life ? " In a separate incident Monday , Israeli soldiers shot dead a 20-year-old Palestinian in the West Bank . The military said Palestinians had hurled rocks at an Israeli vehicle and bus near Beit Eil , and soldiers at the scene responded with gunfire . It said military police have opened an investigation . Palestinian medical sources identified the man as Sajee Darwish , a university media student , and said he had been shot in the back of his head . He was also buried in a heavily attended funeral Tuesday . Both incidents stoked tensions , particularly in Jordan , where the police presence was beefed up near Israeli and American premises . British Prime Minister David Cameron is scheduled to travel to Israel and the Palestinian Territories this week . Palestinian presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina said the killings were "  a dangerous provocation that would lead to the destruction of what is left of the peace process and is pushing the region to a dangerous momentum that can not be controlled , " according to a statement given to the WAFA news agency . Fallen drone Separately , an Israeli airstrike killed three Gaza militants Tuesday , medical sources said , near an area where an unmanned Israeli surveillance aircraft crashed earlier in the day . The Israeli military said that the Skylark drone experienced a technical malfunction and that it was investigating what caused it to go down . It fell over southern Gaza . Israel uses drones to gather intelligence on militant activity in Gaza , a territory governed by the Palestinian Islamic militant group Hamas and where other armed groups also operate . A militant wing of Hamas , Al-Qassam Brigades , said in a prepared statement that it had recovered the drone . In a statement about the airstrike , the Israeli military said it was responding to mortar fire toward Israel . The medical sources said the three dead were members of the Islamic Jihad militant group . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Israeli soldiers shoot and kill a Palestinian judge from Jordan at a border crossing Palestinian Authority condemns what it calls the shooting "  at close range " by Israeli troops Israel promises Jordan a joint investigation of the judge 's death In southern Gaza , an Israeli Skylark drone crashed after a malfunction , Israel says
CNN  -- Renowned as much for her behavior out of the pool as her victories in it , Dawn Fraser is the greatest , and certainly most colorful female swimmer in Olympic history . Fraser was the first woman ever to successfully defend an Olympic title . The Australian won eight Olympic medals and was the first swimmer , either male or female , to win gold in the same event at three successive Olympiads . The youngest of eight children , she suffered from chronic childhood asthma and took up swimming to help improve her breathing . "  Mine was a complete love affair , " she later recalled . "  It 's a beautiful thing , diving into the cool crisp water and then just sort of being able to pull your body through the water and it opening up for you . " Her talent was spotted by coach Harry Gallagher , the latter agreeing to train her for free on account of her family 's poverty . By the age of 16 she was already breaking national records , one of a group of outstanding young Australian female swimmers of that period known collectively as "  The Water Babes . " She came to world attention in February 1956 when she bettered Willy den Ouden 's 20-year old world record for the 100-meters freestyle . At her first Olympics later that year , in Melbourne , she set another world record in the same event -- 62 seconds -- and took a second gold in the 4x100 meters freestyle relay , the latter also in a world record time  four minutes 17.1 seconds  . Successful defense She repeated her 100 meters freestyle victory in Rome four years later , the only Australian woman to win a gold medal at that particular Olympiad , and the first ever woman to successfully defend an Olympic swimming title . She also picked up two silver medals , in the 4x100 meters medley relay and 4x100 meters freestyle relay . For all her success , however , the 1960 Games were notable as much for her clashes with sponsors , teammates and Australian swimming officials as her triumphs in the pool . She was subsequently dropped from the Australian squad and , after further run-ins with officialdom , received a two-year ban from international competition . Despite this , and a horrific car crash in early 1964 in which her mother was killed and Fraser herself seriously injured , she again successfully defended her 100-meter freestyle title at the Tokyo Olympics , beating off a spirited challenge from Sharon Stouder of the United States to become the first swimmer ever to win the same event at three successive Games . The high-jinx and confrontations continued , however -- she was arrested for allegedly stealing a flag from the Japanese Imperial palace -- and shortly after the 1964 Olympics the Australian Swimming Union banned her for 10 years , bringing her competitive career to an end . She subsequently went into politics and remains an iconic figure in Australia , despite , or perhaps because of , her determined non-conformism . "  I 've always been known to speak my mind , " she once commented . "  I think that 's why Australian people like me . " In 1996 she was voted the Person Who Best Symbolizes Australia .	Olympic record : 4 gold medals , 4 silver medals The first swimmer to win gold in the same event at three successive Olympiads In 1996 she was voted the Person Who Best Symbolizes Australia Swimmer was born September 4 , 1937 , in Sydney , Australia
Tokyo  CNN  -- Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of Japan reorganized his cabinet ministers on Monday , bringing in a woman with strong links to China amid a smoldering dispute between the two nations over a group of remote islands . Noda named Makiko Tanaka , whose father oversaw the normalization of relations with China 40 years ago , as education minister -- one of string of new appointments . Tanaka , who served as foreign minister more than 10 years ago under former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , returns to the cabinet as Noda tries to manage the fallout from the clash with Beijing over the disputed islands in the East China Sea . Dangerous waters : Behind the islands dispute Japan controls and administers the islands , but China says they are an integral part of its territory that Tokyo "  stole " in the 19th century . The islands are known as Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyu in Chinese . The Japanese government 's announcement last month of the acquisition of several of the disputed islands from a Japanese family has heightened tensions between the two countries . Violent anti-Japanese protests have taken place in Chinese cities , and economic ties between Asia 's two largest economies have started to sour . Meanwhile , patrol vessels from the two countries have been frequently locked in tense games of cat and mouse in the waters around the islands after China sent a flotilla of ships to the area . Chinese passion , fury fuels anti-Japan attacks The appointment Monday of Tanaka to the cabinet may be interpreted as an effort to soothe those tensions by Noda . Her father , Kakuei Tanaka , was prime minister in 1972 when Tokyo and Beijing resumed diplomatic relations decades after Japan 's occupation of large swathes of eastern China in the 1930s and 40s . She was nonetheless a controversial figure during her time as foreign minister at the start of this century for the Liberal Democratic Party  LDP  , the political opponents of Noda 's Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  . Koizumi sacked her in 2002 , saying a public dispute between her and her top aides was effectively preventing critical budget bills from passing through parliament . She once reportedly called the Foreign Ministry a "  den of devils , an evil place where conspiracies are plotted . " Her outspokenness earned her bureaucratic enemies but gained her popularity with the Japanese public . How a remote rock split China and Japan She also contradicted Koizumi 's government policy on relations between China and Taiwan and on a controversial history textbook approved by Tokyo that critics in Asia said whitewashed Japanese war crimes . It is unclear what influence she will have on diplomatic relations in her role as education minister . Koichiro Gemba will remain as foreign minister under the reshuffle . The others changes to Noda 's cabinet included the appointment of Koriki Jojima , a senior DPJ lawmaker , as finance minister .	Makiko Tanaka is appointed to the post of education minister Her father oversaw the normalization of relations with China 40 years ago Tokyo and Beijing are locked in a dispute over a group of remote islands
CNN  -- The former mayor of a Florida city that successfully fought back an attempt to dissolve it over corruption has been found guilty of possessing and distributing oxycodone while he was in office . A jury deliberated for about 90 minutes Tuesday evening before finding Barry Layne Moore , 52 , guilty of obtaining and selling the prescription narcotic , said Brad Smith , a spokesman for the Bradford County Sheriff 's Office . Moore is being held without bail and will be sentenced June 10 . Moore had been mayor for just a few weeks when he was arrested November 25 after selling a single 30-milligram oxycodone pill , known on the street as a "  blueberry , " to an undercover informant for $ 20 . He said he had known the informant for years and denied accepting any money for the pill , which was prescribed to him by a doctor for chronic back pain . He acknowledged being addicted to pain medication . Florida legislators had sought to dissolve Hampton , a city of 477 residents off U.S. 301 between Jacksonville and Gainesville , after an audit  PDF  uncovered financial irregularities , mismanagement and a police force that had grown out of proportion with the size of the city . Accused of corruption , threatened with extinction For years , Hampton was a notorious speed trap . The legislators agreed to spare Hampton after Moore and other city officials resigned and the city agreed to dismantle its police force , abandon the speed trap and allow the sheriff to assume responsibility for public safety . City ` too corrupt for Florida ' is spared City officials also agreed to hold special elections in September to tweak the city 's 1925 charter and elect a new mayor and city council .	Mayor Barry Layne Moore was arrested in midst of city 's corruption scandal Hampton , Florida , fought attempt to dissolve the city by cleaning house City of 477 residents had been a notorious speed trap Audit found financial irregularities , mismanagement
-LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 5:48 a.m. ET -RSB- A gang task force arrested a man in connection with a Friday shooting near a high school in Portland , Oregon , police said in a statement Saturday . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 3:20 a.m. ET -RSB- Portland police search for shooter after 4 wounded near high school CNN  -- Police searched Friday for a man suspected of shooting four young people near a high school in Portland , Oregon , authorities said . All of the wounded were conscious when medical technicians arrived at Rosemary Anderson High School , police said in a statement . Three of the victims were taken to a local hospital . One victim , Taylor Zimmers , 16 , is in critical condition . Two more , David Jackson-Liday , 20 , and Labraye Franklin , 17 , are in fair condition . A 17-year-old girl suffered a grazing wound in the shooting and was treated on the scene . "  All four gunshot victims are affiliated with the school , " police said . The shooting happened around 12:15 p.m. local time not far from the campus in north Portland , police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson said . After being shot , at least three victims ran inside a school building , a caller told authorities . "  I saw him stumble into the school holding his stomach , he said my brother 's name and then he fell on the ground , " one student told CNN affiliate KATU . The suspect may be affiliated with a gang but it 's not known if the shooting was gang-related or "  a personal beef , " Simpson said . An argument may have preceded the shooting . The suspect was described as a male in his late teens or early 20s and he was accompanied by two other males in the same age range . They left the area quickly on foot , Simpson said . He said the police department 's gang task force was investigating . Agents from the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also arrived to assist , he said . The school system website says Rosemary Anderson High enrolls about 200 at-risk students who "  have either been expelled or dropped out of public high school and many are homeless . " All the shooting victims were students at the school or had taken job training or been enrolled in other programs there , Simpson said . The victims were breathing , conscious and talking as they were transported to Legacy Emanuel Medical Center , Simpson said . The campus was locked down for a while but classes later resumed , Simpson said . Nearby Jefferson High School and Portland Community College were locked down as police sought the shooter , authorities said , but the lockdown was lifted after a few hours . A man who said he 's the pastor of one of the shooting victims told KOIN that the shooting was "  heartbreaking . " "  The young man I know attends our church frequently who is , according to my understanding , not involved in any criminal activity , he is a bright young man , " said Jason Nelson of Cornerstone Community Church of God in Christ . "  You hear about shootings every day and when it comes close to your school it 's heartbreaking . " Another school shooting occurred about six months ago in the Portland area . One person was killed June 10 at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , about 12 miles east of Portland . One person was killed .	Portland police say gang task force is investigating The shooting happened near a school campus in north Portland Wounded victims ran into a building at the school , police said Police say the shooter fled the scene accompanied by two other males
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Violent attacks on election day did n't stop large numbers of Iraqis from successfully casting their votes in key parliamentary elections Sunday . "  Yes , we were scared after we heard these bombings , but we just had to come , " said a woman who identified herself only as Ghisoun . Her two children were at her side . "  It 's an opportunity we ca n't miss -- not for us , but for our children , " she said . Polls in Iraq to elect a 325-member parliament closed Sunday evening , capping an electoral process in which militants intent on disrupting the vote carried out dozens of attacks that killed 38 people . Despite the risks , voter turnout could reach 55 percent , a senior U.S. official told CNN . Another voter , Ali Abdul Hassan , also risked the uncertainty of voting Sunday with his 2-month-old infant . "  I want my baby to start voting early , " he said . The general feeling expressed by voters on election day was a longing for change and for a government that will be able to provide basic things such as water , electricity , jobs and security . A woman in line to vote in Baghdad said her vote was a way of fighting back against acts of terrorism in Iraq . Preliminary results are expected by Wednesday , the United Nations said . Results will start emerging for each province as soon as votes are tallied from 30 percent of polling centers in that province . About 60 security incidents were reported throughout the country Sunday , the senior U.S. official said . These included fatal mortar and rocket attacks in various Baghdad neighborhoods . Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said those reports of mortar attacks in Baghdad had not yet been confirmed . According to Gates , Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , "  had expected a significant number of high-profile attacks , both suicide vests and truck and car bombs , but the security situation , the efforts of the Iraqi Security Forces are such that al Qaeda in Iraq was forced to change their tactics . " Speaking at the White House , President Obama also downplayed Sunday 's violence . Some violence was expected , Obama said , but "  overall , the level of security , and the prevention of destabilizing attacks , speaks to the growing capability and professionalism of Iraqi security forces , which took the lead in providing protection at the polls . " The success of the vote showed that "  the future of Iraq belongs to the people of Iraq , " Obama said . The United States does not support particular candidates in Iraq , but does support Iraqis ' right to elect their representatives , he said . "  We know there will be very difficult days ahead in Iraq , " Obama said . "  There will probably be more violence . But , like any sovereign , independent nation , Iraq must be free to chart its own course . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised Iraq 's High Electoral Commission and security forces for running and securing the vote . "  I congratulate all the people of Iraq who participated in national elections today and over the past three days , " she said in a statement . "  There is no better rebuke to the violent extremists who seek to derail Iraq 's progress . " Counting was taking place at the polling stations at the end of voting , under the gaze of observers . Ballots will be counted twice to ensure accuracy , according to the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq . The number of ballots cast will be reconciled with the number of ballots issued to each polling station , and in case of a significant discrepancy , the station will be audited , the U.N. said . Authorities in Baghdad announced a curfew on the capital from 10 p.m. Sunday until 5 a.m. Monday . In a statement Sunday , Obama said : "  I have great respect for the millions of Iraqis who refused to be deterred by acts of violence , and who exercised their right to vote today . " Referring to the day 's violence , he added : "  We mourn the tragic loss of life today , and honor the courage and resilience of the Iraqi people who once again defied threats to advance their democracy . " It was Iraq 's fifth nationwide vote since 2003 , but only the second for a full four-year-term parliament . More than 30 mortar rounds hit the capital , with three landing inside the heavily fortified International Zone . The zone , informally known as the Green Zone , houses the U.S. Embassy and many Iraqi government buildings . One of the rockets landed in the Ur neighborhood in northeastern Baghdad , killing 12 people . The capital also experienced a number of deadly roadside bomb attacks . The last time the country had a national vote was in 2005 , when the Sunni Arab population boycotted the elections and the political process . A Shiite-led government emerged and the Sunnis , feeling disenfranchised , went on to form the main part of the insurgency . The U.N. mission in Iraq calls the elections an "  important milestone in Iraq 's democratic progress , " serving to strengthen the country 's sovereignty and independence as the United States draws down its military presence there . Sunday 's elections were originally supposed to happen in January but were delayed because of political disagreements and a delay in passing the election law that paved the way for this vote . There are 18.9 million eligible voters , casting ballots for 325 seats in the Council of Representatives , Iraq 's parliament . The seats represent Iraq 's 18 provinces . The number of seats is increasing from the previous 275 . Seat allocation was based on 2005 population data from the Ministry of Trade and adjusted for a 2.8 percent annual growth across all governates . On Friday , voting began for Iraqis abroad in 16 countries -- including the United States , United Kingdom , Turkey , Iran , Canada and others in the Middle East and Europe . There are no exact figures on those eligible to cast ballots abroad . Estimates on turnout have ranged anywhere from 300,000 to 3 million . About 6,200 candidates from more than 80 political entities are vying for seats . At least a quarter of the positions -- 82 -- are guaranteed to go to women , and eight more have been allocated for minorities . They include five set aside for Christians and one each for the Shabak , Sabaeans  Mandaeans  , and Yazidis . A number of special measures were put in place for security reasons . Since Monday , there has been a ban on motorcycles and bicycles in Baghdad until further notice , and on Sunday a two-day ban on any vehicles in cities went into effect . Provincial borders were ordered sealed , preventing movements between provinces , from Saturday to Monday . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama congratulates Iraqis , mourns loss of life , praises overall security level Polls close in Iraq ; results expected by Wednesday , U.N. says "  It 's an opportunity we ca n't miss , " one Iraqi voter says Militants carry out attacks as Iraqis head to polls ; dozens killed
CNN  -- Swiss super-combined world skiing champion Daniel Albrecht was airlifted to hospital after a sickening crash on Kitzbuehel 's Streif course on Thursday . Albrecht nose-dives down Kitzbuehel 's Streif course after crashing during training for a World Cup downhill . Albrecht , who was said to have suffered concussion and bruising to a lung , was in training for the weekend 's World Cup downhill at the Austrian venue when he lost control approaching the bottom of the run . The 25-year-old received lengthy treatment on the slopes before being flown to hospital at St. Johann , where he regained consciouness before being put in an induced coma . An induced coma puts the brain in hibernation so it can recuperate and allows swelling in the brain to ease . Helmuth Obermoser , the official race doctor , said in a brief statement that Albrecht had bleeding on the brain and a lung contusion . Albrecht took the season 's opening giant slalom at Solden in October and scored a second victory and fourth of his career two months later in Alta Badia , Italy , where he became the first Swiss winner in 10 years . Thursday 's fall came on a similar section at Kitzbuehel that saw American Scott Macartney suffer head injuries in a crash last season -- an episode that led officials to make changes to the course .	Daniel Albrecht is airlifted to hospital after a sickening accident at Kitzbuehel Super-combined world skiing champion was training for a World Cup downhill Swiss Albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slopes
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Rafael unleashed heavy rain and powerful gusts on the Leeward Islands on Sunday and could turn into a hurricane by Monday , forecasters said . With sustained winds of 60 mph , Rafael could get even stronger as it bears down on several islands popular with tourists . As of 5 p.m. ET , Rafael was centered about 185 miles  298 kilometers  northeast of San Juan , Puerto Rico , the National Hurricane Center in Miami said . The storm was moving north-northwest at 10 mph  16 kph  and was expected to turn northward by Monday . A projection map shows Rafael headed toward Bermuda later this week . Officials there issued a tropical storm watch Sunday and told residents that they expected the storm to affect the British territory on Tuesday . While the National Hurricane Center predicted Rafael will stay well to the east of the Bahamas through Monday , it did warn of life-threatening surf conditions and rip currents on the eastward-facing beaches of the Bahamas over the next few days . Tropical storm warnings that had been in effect for the U.S. and British Virgin Islands , St. Martin , Antigua , Barbuda , St. Kitts and Guadeloupe were discontinued Sunday morning . Forecasters expect Rafael to leave between 4 to 6 inches of rain over the Lesser Antilles and Virgin Islands , with some pockets getting as much as 10 inches . "  These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , especially in areas of mountainous terrain , " the hurricane center said . The storm could hamper rescue efforts for two men and one woman whose small aircraft crashed Saturday morning about six nautical miles  seven miles  south of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands , Coast Guard spokesman Ricardo Castrodad said . They were aboard a twin-engine Piper PA-23 that left St. Croix destined for St. Thomas , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . Rescue crews from the Coast Guard and U.S. Virgin Islands Department of Natural Resources saved one female passenger , Valerie Jackson , who told them three others were still unaccounted for . A Coast Guard cutter ship , two helicopters and a fixed-wing aircraft have been dispatched from Puerto Rico for the search , Castrodad said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Bermudan officials issue a tropical storm watch Hurricane center : Rainfall could cause "  life-threatening flash floods and mudslides " The tropical storm could become a hurricane by Monday Efforts to find three passengers on a downed plane continue despite the weather
CNN  -- There is a hidden revolution at work that can transform the lives of a billion of the poorest people on the planet . The dream of health for all , even the poorest of the poor , can become a reality because of recent breakthroughs in technology and health systems . Scientific results that our Millennium Villages Project team published this week in The Lancet , coupled with broader trends around the world , should be a wake-up call : We can end the deaths of millions of young children and mothers each year by building on recent innovations . In 2006 , the Millennium Villages Project and impoverished communities around Africa jointly embarked upon the fight against extreme poverty , hunger and disease . The idea was to use low-cost , cutting-edge technologies to overcome ancient scourges like malaria and mothers dying in childbirth . Today , there is no deep mystery about what to do to stop these deaths , since the diagnostic tests , medicines and procedures are known . The challenge is to scale up these life-saving approaches . In four years , starting from conditions of massive death tolls and a lack of health services , the Millennium Villages were able to reduce the deaths of children under 5-years-old by around 22 % . The progress is continuing as low-cost health services expand . The lessons extend far beyond this specific project . Poor children die of three main categories of disease : infections , nutritional deficiencies and conditions around childbirth . The technologies and procedures to fight all these causes of death are improving dramatically . Therein lies a great hope . Consider malaria , one of the biggest killers of children in Africa . A dozen years ago , all seemed lost : The standard medicine had lost its efficacy as the parasite became resistant ; insecticide-treated bed nets were little used because they had to be regularly retreated with the insecticide , a practical burden that poor villages could not manage ; and diagnosis required that the mother and sick child trek to a distant clinic in the desperate hope the clinic had a functioning laboratory . Now all this has changed . A new generation of low-cost and highly effective medicines has been deployed . The nets now last five years without the need for retreatment . A trained village-based worker , as part of an expanded health system , can make the diagnosis at the household using a simple rapid test , without the need for a life-and-death journey to a distant clinic . The Millennium Villages have slashed malaria deaths , but much more to the point , malaria deaths are falling sharply across Africa , down by around one-third from their peak roughly a decade ago . The advances are widespread . New vaccines can fight diarrheal and respiratory diseases that have traditionally killed vast numbers of children . Thanks to vaccines , deaths from measles have plummeted , and polio is on the verge of eradication . New medical procedures can end the transmission of the HIV virus from mother to newborn . Technologies to support higher farm production and low-cost nutritional supplements can bolster inadequate diets . Perhaps most important , information can flow through even the remotest of villages , thanks to the massive increase in mobile telephones across regions that just a few years ago had no phones at all . The spread of mobile phones may mark the fastest global uptake of a technology in history . From a few million mobile phone subscribers worldwide in 1990 , the number has climbed to more than 6 billion today , with more than 250 million subscribers in Africa . Mobile connectivity and the spread of wireless broadband are greatly strengthening rural health systems . In all of the Millennium Villages , and in more and more villages around the continent , lay community workers are bringing health services from the clinics right to the community . Mobile phones are critical in supporting these outreach workers , enabling them to call the doctors and nurses for advice , summon an ambulance or connect to a computerized expert system via text messaging . The big picture is thrilling . Globally , deaths of young children are falling . In 1990 , the worldwide deaths of children under 5 totaled around 12.5 million . By 2010 , the deaths were down to around 7.6 million . Yet this technology-based revolution in human well-being is at the risk of stalling . The improvements required international help to support the expansion of services in the poorest regions . The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , tuberculosis , and Malaria and the U.S. PEPFAR initiative to fight AIDS exemplify the new kinds of support introduced during the past decade . Total funding for primary health care in the poorest countries has risen by roughly $ 15 billion per year from the low levels of aid a dozen years back . That 's a good sum , but modest in the scheme of things , amounting to around $ 15 per person per year from the high-income countries , with a combined population of 1 billion . It 's about half the support needed to complete the job . Alarmingly , the funding has come to a standstill and has even started to decline . The United States and Europe claim they ca n't afford to do more because of budget crises , but the needed sums could be filled many times over just by ending the loopholes that allow the richest companies to park their profits in Caribbean tax havens . If children continue to die by the millions , it will be the result of misguided priorities , not true budget limits . Instead of making excuses for lives lost , let us celebrate the remarkable progress we are making and commit ourselves to finishing this historic and worthy task . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Sachs .	Jeffrey Sachs : Health innovations can save millions of poor children each year Sachs : Cell phones , fast diagnostic tests , better medicines changing global health But this revolution in poor countries is threatened by funding cuts , he says Sachs : Wealthy nations must not abandon the programs just as they are paying off
With so many developing destinations fighting it out for international tourists , it 's not surprising that some travelers make a point of avoiding the ones with weak human rights and environmental records . This can make it challenging to figure out which up-and-coming countries are actually worthy of your tourist coin . Once again , help comes via nonprofit Ethical Traveler , which this week released its annual list of the countries that are doing the most to promote human rights , preserve their environments and support social welfare -- all while fostering a lively , community-based tourism industry . Every year , the California-based organization reviews policies and practices in the developing world to select its top 10 . "  By visiting these countries , we can use our economic leverage to reward good works and support best practices , " says the report . In alphabetical order , the 2015 top 10 are : 1 . Cape Verde 2 . Chile 3 . Dominica 4 . Lithuania 5 . Mauritius 6 . Palau 7 . Samoa 8 . Tonga 9 . Uruguay 10 . Vanuatu Vanuatu , Samoa and Tonga are this year 's new entries to the list . Seven of this year 's 10 countries are island nations , "  indicating a trend in our winners ' circle , " says the report . "  Climate change affects islands dramatically , so they tend to be very aware of the importance of effective environmental policies . " As in 2014 , no developing Asian country qualified this year . "  All betrayed too many human rights abuses , and showed too little movement toward sustainability , " says the report . Choosing the top 10 Ethical Traveler 's research focuses on four categories : environmental protection , social welfare , human rights and animal welfare . "  For each of these categories we look at information past and present so that we understand not only the current state of a country , but how it has changed over time , " says Ethical Traveler . "  This helps us select nations that are actively improving the state of their people , government and environment . " Information sources include Freedom House , the Millennium Challenge Corporation , Reporters Without Borders , UNICEF , LGBT resources and the World Bank . "  After identifying about two dozen ` short list ' performers , we turn to detailed case research , focusing on actions these governments have taken over the year to improve  or in some cases , weaken  practices and circumstances in the countries , " says the report . The chosen destinations also have to have something to offer tourists . Each "  best ethical destination " offers opportunities to check out incredible natural beauty , enjoy great outdoor activities and have interactions with local people and cultures in a meaningful , mutually enriching way , says Ethical Traveler . Researchers stress that just because these destinations made the list , none scored perfect marks . "  One issue that plagues nearly every country on our list is a high level of gender-based violence , " says Ethical Traveler . "  Chile has the highest rate in Latin America , and in Samoa it is so commonplace that most people simply accept it as a way of life . "  Samoa , however , does seem to be making headway on this issue . In 2013 the legislature passed an amended Crimes Act that outlawed spousal rape and improved measures against domestic violence . " Also , many countries on the list remain in the Tier 2 designation of the U.S. State Department 's Trafficking in Persons Report for 2014 , which means their "  governments do not fully comply with the TVPA 's  Trafficking Victims Protection Act  minimum standards . " "  We encourage these countries -- Cabo Verde , Lithuania , Mauritius , Palau , Tonga and Uruguay -- to do whatever is necessary to improve conditions , " says the report . "  We are especially concerned with Uruguay , which is in danger of falling to Tier 3 if significant improvements are not seen in 2015 . " The full report , in PDF form , can be found on the Ethical Traveler website .	Nonprofit group Ethical Traveler 's annual list highlights developing nations with promising human rights records Vanuatu , Samoa and Tonga are new to the 2015 list Ethical Traveler 's research focuses on four categories : environmental protection , social welfare , human rights , animal welfare
CNN  -- Treacherous storm conditions have plagued southern Brazilian states for nearly a week , causing flooding and landslides and displacing thousands of people , a senior official told CNN Saturday . A power outage affects traffic lights in Brazil 's Sao Paulo area after a heavy storm . In Santa Catarina , the severe weather started Monday , with a tornado with estimated winds reaching 200 km/h  125 mph  striking the western part of the state , said Santa Catarina Civil Defense Secretary Marcio Luiz Alves . Heavy downpours have continued due to a low pressure system , he said . In one area , video from CNN affiliate TV Record showed people wading through knee-high water . Alves said officials have counted five weather-related deaths and at least 120 injuries . Flooding and landslides have wreaked havoc across the state , especially in the southern region . More than 1.5 million people have been affected by the severe weather , with as many as 1.1 million losing electricity for a day earlier in the week , Alves said . At least 1,906 people are staying in government shelters , while nearly 10,650 have sought safety at the homes of relatives and friends , he said . So far , 67 municipalities in Santa Catarina have declared states of emergency ; the western municipality of Guaraciaba has declared a state of "  public calamity . " Eleven municipalities declared a state of emergency in a second battered state , Rio Grande do Sul , according to the state 's Web site . Rio Grande do Sul is south of Santa Catarina and shares a border with Uruguay . Close to 200 families were in shelters and parts of the state 's capital , Porto Alegre , was flooded . Some traveled in motor boats in flooded areas and homes were almost entirely covered by rain water , video from TV Record showed . The water level of the state 's Taquari River is more than 32 feet above normal , officials said . In Santa Catarina , the September rainfall average is about 8 cubic inches . However , at least 11 cubic inches fell over three days this past week , Alves said . Forecasters expect total rainfall for the area to top 24 cubic inches this month , he said . The weather was expected to clear Sunday evening , but heavy rains likely will return Wednesday , Alves said . CNN 's Mariane Teixeira contributed to this report .	Flooding , landslides wreak havoc across southern Brazil Five people have died , dozens hurt in weather-related incidents Sixty-seven municipalities in Santa Catarina have declared states of emergency
CNN  -- The French Navy said they seized 11 pirates Sunday after they apparently mistook a French military vessel for a commercial ship and made a run at it . A French navy sailor speaks to one of 11 pirates on board the French warship the Nivose after their capture . Two pirate assault boats approached the Nivose "  at great speed , " Capt. Christophe Prazuck said , but a French helicopter intervened before the attackers had time to fire at the French navy ship . The helicopter fired warning shots , he said . The pirates , who had a mother ship as well as the two assault boats , are being held for questioning on the Nivose , Prazuck said . The vessels were carrying AK-47 rifles and rocket-propelled grenades , but the pirates did not fire , he said . The incident took place about 1,000 km  620 miles  east of Mombasa , Kenya , at 8:30 a.m. local time  0430 GMT  he added . In the past three weeks , the Nivose has intercepted 24 suspected pirates as part of a European Union anti-piracy operation off the coast of Somalia , which has become a piracy hotspot . Over the past year , more than 100 suspected pirates have been picked up , Prazuck said . Of that total , 27 have been released , and more than 70 taken to jail in France , handed to authorities in Somalia or taken to Kenya under an EU agreement with the government in Nairobi . The Nivose seized three other suspected pirates Thursday morning , the French military spokesman said , but released them the next day for lack of evidence . But a day later , the Seychelles coast guard picked up the same three men . They claimed they were fishermen , but had no license to fish in the Seychelles exclusive economic zone , Prazuck said . Pirates seized a ship that was carrying wheat and used vehicles to Mogadishu , Somalia , on Saturday , according to NATO , which also patrols the area . The ship , the Almezaan , now appears to be heading for a Somali village called Harradera , known as a pirate base , Cmdr. Chris Davies told CNN . The ship did not send a distress signal until 4 a.m. Sunday , 18 hours after it was hijacked in the Indian Ocean , he said . No NATO ships were in the area at the time , he added . The Panamanian-flagged ship had a crew of 18 Indians as of April 2008 , the last listing for it on the Web site of the International Transport Workers ' Federation . Pirates also hijacked a British-owned bulk carrier in the Indian Ocean . The MV Ariana was carrying 35,000 tons of soya about 250 nautical miles  287 miles  northwest of the Seychelles when it was seized around dawn . The crew members are Ukrainians and they are not believed to be harmed , NATO said . It is unclear how many crew members were aboard the vessel and how it came to be attacked . NATO said it was unaware of ransom demands or any threats against those aboard . NATO said a European Union Protection Aircraft has been deployed to monitor and track the MV Ariana , which is making its way toward Somalia -- the epicenter of the pirate industry . Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa -- particularly Somalia , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . Somali pirates have defied foreign navies patrolling the waters and have collected large ransoms from shipping companies . Ransoms started out in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Journalist Ashleigh Nghiem contributed to this report .	French navy seizes 11 pirates after they threaten navy vessel In past three weeks , the Nivose has intercepted 24 suspected pirates Piracy is a major problem in the waters off Somalia Somalia has not had a stable government in place since 1991
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- A case involving the fatal shooting of an unarmed Florida teen , which has sparked outrage and calls for justice , is in the hands of the state attorney 's office . Police say Trayvon Martin , 17 , was returning from the convenience store to the home of his father 's fiancee in a gated community in Sanford , Florida , around sunset on February 26 . A neighborhood watch captain , George Zimmerman , 28 , saw the teen and called 911 to report a suspicious man , authorities said . The 911 dispatcher told Zimmerman not to confront Martin , but by the time police arrived , the teenager lay dead with a gunshot wound in the chest , said Bill Lee , the Sanford police chief . He was carrying a small amount of cash , some candy and an iced tea . Zimmerman told police he shot Martin in self defense , authorities said . "  When you add it up , it just does n't even make sense , " said Ben Crump , the Martin family 's attorney . "  Trayvon Martin , a kid , has a bag of Skittles .  Zimmerman  had a 9 mm gun . Trayvon Martin did n't approach George Zimmerman , George Zimmerman approached Trayvon Martin . So how can he now assert self defense ? " A gunshot can be heard on the 911 calls recorded that night , police said . The Martin family has sought to make the tapes available , but State Attorney Norm Wolfinger said Tuesday the calls will not be made public until the investigation is complete . "  Trayvon Martin and his family , interested persons , and the public-at-large are entitled to no less than a through , deliberate and just review of the information provided , along with any other evidence that may or may not be developed in the course of the review process , " Wolfinger 's office said in a statement . "  We intend to honor that commitment . " The shooting has sparked an outrage in the community , with some accusing Zimmerman , who is white , of profiling the black teenager . iReporter : ` Unconscious racism ' behind shooting ? Numerous CNN attempts to contact Zimmerman were unsuccessful , and it is unclear whether he has retained an attorney . Police said they have not charged him because there are no grounds to disprove his story of what happened . "  The evidence and testimony we have so far does not establish that Mr. Zimmerman did not act in self defense . We do n't have anything to dispute his claim of self-defense , at this point , with the evidence and testimony that we have , " Lee said . Lee said the 911 directions asking Zimmerman not to confront the teenager are not mandatory instructions . "  That is a call taker making a recommendation to him . He 's not under a legal obligation to do that , so that is not something we can charge him with , " he said . " But it would have been a good outcome ... if Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman never came in contact with one another . " In a letter sent to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , the NAACP expressed doubt in the Sanford Police Department and asked the Department of Justice to review the case . "  The NAACP has no confidence that , absent federal oversight , the Sanford Police Department will devote the necessary degree of care to its investigation . We therefore call upon you to detail personnel to Sanford immediately to review the facts , ensure that the Sanford Police Department conducts an impartial , thorough and prompt investigation of the circumstances involving the death of this unarmed teen , and ensure that the responsible person is held accountable if a crime was committed , " the letter said .	Trayvon Martin , 17 , is fatally shot during a neighborhood watch Police say George Zimmerman , 28 , saw the teen and called 911 By the time police arrived , the teen was dead with a gunshot wound in the chest
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe is set to testify in the AEG Live wrongful death trial Wednesday , lawyers for the concert promoter said Monday . Rowe is expected to be questioned about Jackson 's drug use during the 1990s when she traveled with him , married him and bore his two oldest children . She will be called as the next witness in the Los Angeles courtroom after an economics expert concludes his testimony aboutÂ the financial support Jackson would have provided his mother and threeÂ childrenÂ had he not died four years ago . Jackson 's youngest brother made an unsuccessful effort to reach the singer in his last weeks because of family concerns about his drug use , according to testimony Friday . Lawyers for the concert promoter accused of liability in Jackson 's death want to show that the pop icon was a secretive drug addict who was even beyond his family 's help . Jurors watched video of Randy Jackson 's questioning by the AEG Live lawyers about failed interventions he led because of his concerns about Michael Jackson 's use of painkillers in the last decade of his brother 's life . Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol that a doctor told police he was using to treat his insomnia as he rehearsed for a comeback tour four years ago . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing the concert promoter , contending it negligently hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death . Randy Jackson testified that he and his father , Joe Jackson , were turned away from the gates of Jackson 's rented Los Angeles mansion on Carolwood Drive , the home in which he died weeks later . They were concerned because of "  reports to me that he did n't look too good , " he said . Who is Debbie Rowe ? "  After I had heard this , I said , ` Come on , let 's go . We 're going over there , ' " he testified . Other witnesses , including Jackson 's makeup artist and the show director , have testified that Jackson suffered physical deterioration in the last two months of his life . "  There was a drug issue , " Randy Jackson said , explaining why they wanted to reach him . "  He was n't eating . All of these things were happening at the same and , you know , a lot of pressure . " He said he wanted to persuade his brother to leave rehearsals and enter a drug rehab program in San Francisco . "  Of course my brother would n't let me through because he would n't want me to see him like that , " he said . The security guard told him his brother was not at home , he said . Jackson lawyers do not dispute that Michael Jackson had a drug dependency problem at times , but they say he went long periods of time without taking painkillers . The entertainer publicly acknowledged his dependency when he cut short his Dangerous tour to enter a rehab program in 1993 . The drug use was connected to two decades of pain stemming from scalp burns suffered while filming a Pepsi commercial and several onstage accidents on tour , they say . He also used prescription sedatives to help him sleep , especially during the pressure of touring , they argue . The pressure was on again as Jackson prepared for his "  This Is It " concerts set to debut in London in July 2009 , they say . Jackson was getting nightly infusions of propofol in a desperate effort to cure his insomnia , which a sleep expert testified disrupted his natural sleep cycles and caused his physical and mental decline . AEG Live executives created an ethical conflict of interest by hiring Dr. Conrad Murray as Jackson 's full-time physician for $ 150,000 a month , the Jackson lawsuit contends . Murray could not refuse Jackson 's demands for propofol infusions since he was deeply in debt and could not risk being fired from the lucrative job , they argue . Jury applauds witness in trial AEG Live lawyers say it was Jackson who chose and controlled Murray , not the company , and they had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving the singer in the privacy of his bedroom . While Randy Jackson was questioned for several hours by AEG Live lawyers , only about an hour of the video was shown to jurors Friday . Most of it focused on his repeated attempts to interrupt his brother 's use of painkillers . "  I wrote letters to my family about his problem and that we had to do something to help , " Randy Jackson testified . The letters would tell his parents , brothers and sisters that ` he 's an addict , ' and at this point , addicts are n't so responsible for what they do . So this is where the family needs to step in and do something about it because their desire becomes physical . " Jackson testified that he "  staged several interventions , " including in Taiwan , New York , Las Vegas and Los Angeles . "  Four or five " of those attempted interventions were at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch between 2004 and 2006 -- around the time of the child abuse trial in Santa Barbara County , California , he said . MJ 's ` pajama day ' in court Randy Jackson said he was able to get his brother off of drugs at one point , but he resumed just before the child molestation trial began in a Santa Maria , California , courtroom in 2004 . "  He was really scared . " He fired Jackson nanny Grace Rwaramba because he suspected she was supplying his drugs , he said . "  Whenever she 's around , he 's wasted . " He asked older sister Rebbie Jackson to stay close to their brother , he said , telling her , "  Make sure you watch everything he does , because I have to get him in this courtroom every day and see this thing through . " Randy Jackson gave new insight into what happened that infamous day of the trial when Michael Jackson showed up late for court wearing pajamas . At the time , the singer blamed a back injury suffered when he fell in the shower , which sent him to a hospital that morning . Ex-bodyguard testifies about singer 's drug use His brother testified , however , it was "  because he did n't want to go to court . " "  I went to the hospital and he said to me , he says , ' I do n't know what you 're thinking . I 'm not walking into that courtroom , so do n't even think about it , Randy , ' " he testified . "  And I said , ` OK . ' I said , ` But you 're going to court . ' He goes , ` No , I 'm not . ' " Randy Jackson blamed the nanny for supplying "  some kind of patch " that had drugs . Jackson also described an incident in which his brother had a bad reaction to a sedative while at a Beverly Hills home in 2005 . The nanny called him , saying , "  You need to get over here . Something 's not right , " he testified . A doctor who lived nearby paid a house call and treated him , he said . He said his brother would "  kind of hide from me " because he did n't want him to know about his drug use , Jackson said . Monday is the start of the 16th week of testimony in the trial , which the judge told jurors could last until the end of September .	NEW : Debbie Rowe is expected to be questioned about Jackson 's drug use during the 1990s The concert promoter is using Randy Jackson 's testimony in the wrongful death trial AEG Live lawyers say Jackson was a secretive drug addict even beyond his family 's help His brother would "  kind of hide from me , " Randy Jackson testifies
CNN  Esther Vergeer was the world 's invincible sporting superstar , unbeaten on the tennis court for 10 years and still at the top of her game . Then one day , while she was sitting on her sofa watching TV , she decided it was time to retire , just like that . The Dutch grande dame of wheelchair tennis ended her career in 2013 on a winning streak of 470 matches -- an achievement second only to Pakistani squash great Jahangir Khan 's record mark of 555 straight victories set in the 1980s . "  That decision to walk away , to walk into a world you do n't know , have no experience in , was one of the scariest times in my life , " Vergeer told CNN 's Open Court . "  Sometimes it still is scary ! " An emotion fueled moment the previous summer had acted as a catalyst for Vergeer 's decision to step away from competition . After winning a seventh Paralympic gold medal at London 2012 , she broke down in tears , explaining to the media huddled around her , "  There was so much pressure on me . Everybody just expects me to win gold , expects it to be easy . " A new life After toiling and training for 20 years , she thought enough was enough . "  It was such a relief to win that medal , " says the 33-year-old Vergeer as she reflects on her self-imposed sabbatical . "  So I decided to take a break after the Paralympic Games and I enjoyed not having to deal with the pressure anymore . "  I was at home watching the Australian Open -LSB- in 2013 -RSB- and I realized I did n't miss it . I did n't want to be in Australia . I enjoyed being home so much more . I was 32 and ready to start a new life . " The transition from professional tennis player to a mere mortal was not easy for the wonder woman from Woerden . Vergeer dominated her field , winning seven Paralympic gold medals , 21 grand slam singles crowns and 169 singles titles overall , plus 159 in doubles competition . "  It 's difficult to be retired and not to be an athlete anymore , " Vergeer explains . "  There are some days that I miss it . "  Winning matches , getting applause , hanging a gold medal around your neck , I guess that is some kind of addiction , something you want to feel constantly . "  I do n't have that anymore . Now in everyday life , it 's not every day that people come up to me and say I 'm doing great work . "  I had to get used to the fact that it 's not going to be there anymore . "  As an athlete your life is also so structured ; the time you get up , the time you could eat , when you could go on holiday . "  Now everything is possible and sometimes I make the mistake of planning my day too full , even after two years ! " She may be retired from the professional game but Vergeer still has a jam-packed to-do list . Top of that list is running the Esther Vergeer Foundation , which encourages children and youngsters with a physical disabilities to participate in sport . The foundation helps organize sports days in the Netherlands but is also intent on improving sporting opportunities for disabled children around the globe . "  I do n't think a lot of kids with disabilities go out there and play sports , " she says . "  That needs to be pushed and promoted . That 's what I really want to do . " Vergeer 's own retirement did , however , lead her to the realization that Para-Sport is now much more prominent -- and that 's another positive trend she wants to nurture . "  When I announced my retirement it surprised me , " she explains . "  It blew me away that I got so much attention from all over the world from China , to Iran , to America . "  It made me proud , it made me realize that Paralympic sport was grown and known all over the world . That was something I fought for all my life , all my career . "  When I started playing wheelchair tennis there was hardly any recognition or knowledge of Paralympic sports . "  In the last 20 years , I 've seen the sport grow . I 've seen it become more professional and integrated . "  There were still moments when I thought ` I 'd really like to be on that TV program ' but then some athlete without a disability became the first to call and sometimes that frustrated me . "  Then I realized , we need to see the growing process . I think Paralympic sport will get more attention , will become more integrated and will get more recognition from sponsors and companies in the future . " Cover story Her peerless win-record helped Vergeer blaze a trail to promote Paralympic sport , notably when she posed nude for the cover of ESPN Magazine 's "  Body Issue " in 2010 . "  Sometimes , as a disabled athlete , you must think outside the box , " she told CNN at the time . "  I realize that doing the shoot was ` an edgy ' thing to do but I did n't do the photos just to raise awareness of disabled sport . "  The aim of the magazine is to show how different types of bodies can perform well in sport and I hope that my photos will get that message across . " Vergeer is now proactively , and passionately , promoting another message -- increasing the number of integrated tennis tournaments . The Wheelchair Tennis Tour , which began in 1992 , arguably already matches the demands of the WTA and ATP tennis tours , with 160 tournaments in 40 countries per season . The jewels in the crown of its tour are also the four grand slams -- the Australian Open , Roland Garros , Wimbledon and the U.S. Open -- which are staged in tandem with the prestigious able-bodied events . "  The ultimate dream I have for wheelchair tennis is that it 's going to be a very integrated sport , " says Vergeer , who is the tournament director for Februrary 's ABM AMRO wheelchair tennis tournament in Rotterdam which is played alongside the elite men 's event . "  Able-bodied tournaments are one of the best platforms we have to showcase what people with disabilities can do . "  To show we are just human beings with ambition and a love of competition . " Adrenaline rush Vergeer was introduced to wheelchair tennis after she was left paralyzed following surgery to remove a clutch of blood vessels around her spinal cord when she was just eight years old . "  The moment they told me I would never be able to walk again is not the moment I remember very much , " says Vergeer , who is paralyzed from the waist down . But her first competitive tennis match a few years later still very much lingers in the mind . "  I was so excited and nervous . It gave me goose bumps and adrenaline . I really enjoyed it . Since announcing her retirement from professional sport in February 2013 , it is basketball -- a sport she gave up when she decided to combine tennis with her university studies in management , economics and law -- which has provided her with a regular dose of sporting adrenaline . "  I have to admit that I 'm playing basketball now , " Vergeer smiles . "  I 'm really enjoying being in a team and playing in competitions . " But inside the confines of the Center Point sports complex in Almere , just outside Amsterdam , the former tennis ace was persuaded to pick up a tennis racquet for the first time in 18 months for CNN 's Open Court . The emotions and muscle memories stirred for Vergeer may have revealed more than a recently retired tennis pro might have wished . "  I have n't played tennis for a while now after my retirement and I noticed that coming back to the court makes me feel free somehow , " she explains . "  I feel strong , I feel fast . I feel in control , I love that ! Now I realize a year and a half not playing tennis is too long . "  I think I 'm going to go out on court more often . " Could ` Vergeer the Invincible ' consider making a comeback in time for the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio ? The Dutch ace is keeping her counsel for now but perhaps we should n't bet against 470 straight victories and counting .	Esther Vergeer has a winning streak of 470 matches - the most set ever by a female athlete The Dutch wheelchair tennis star says retirement was the "  scariest moment " of her life She is now an advocate for more integrated tennis events outside the grand slams Vergeer wants Paralympic athletes to be seen as "  just human beings with ambition "
CNN  -- One of the drawbacks of Roombas , the robotic floor cleaning devices that automatically scoot around and suck up dirt , is that they are too big to clean what really matters . They fall off of pets , are miserable at dishes and they do very little for tablet and smartphone maintenance . A Japanese company is attempting to remedy at least one of those wrongs with a teeny , tiny Roomba-like screen cleaner for mobile devices called the AutoMee S . The wee gadget , spotted by Engadget is a fun and cheap little invention by Japanese company Takara Tomy . Drop the AutoMee S onto an iPad and it will buff the finger prints away , wandering around the screen in straight lines , ricocheting of the edges until the entire surface is clean . A sensor detects the edges of the phone or tablet so the device spins around to take another pass instead of wandering off onto your desk and accidentally cleaning unsuspecting pencils and mouse pads . If you 're in a rush , a microfiber cloth is going to be much faster . It takes four minutes to clean a phone and eight minutes to fully cover a tablet using the AutoMee . But where 's the fun in that ? The plastic devices run on one AA battery , weighs a little less than 3 ounces , and come in four colors : white , blue , orange and pink . It will retail for 1575 Yen , or nearly $ 17 , when it goes on sale in Japan at the end of March . Sure , it 's a silly product . But it 's actually an important task . Phones and tablets are teeming with bacteria such as E. coli that can cause illnesses . Wiping a screen down with a microfiber cloth will get rid of up to 99 percent of those germs . Using an alcohol-based cleaner is the best way to get all of the bacteria , but it can strip off the oleophobic  oil resistant  coating found on many touchscreen devices . Check the help section for you particular device before going in for a deep clean .	AutoMee is a tiny Roomba-like cleaning device for smartphones and tablets It automatically buffs your touchscreen clean using sensors to avoid falling off edges The device will be available in Japan at the end of March
CNN  -- A Delaware man who spent more than 20 years on death row saw his murder conviction and death sentence reversed by the state Supreme Court Monday , according to court documents . Jermaine Wright , 41 , was sentenced to death for the 1991 murder of liquor store clerk Phillip Seifert . State Supreme Court justices ruled that prosecutors withheld critical and potentially exculpatory information during the 1992 trial that violated his right to due process , entitling Wright to a retrial . The suppression of such information "  creates a reasonable probability that the verdict would have been different if the exculpatory and impeachment evidence had been disclosed , " wrote Justice Henry Ridgely in the decision . "  Accordingly , we must reverse Wright 's conviction and death sentence and remand for a new trial . " Seifert was fatally shot while working at the Hi-Way Inn , a tavern and liquor store located on Governor Printz Boulevard near Wilmington , the evening of January 14 , 1991 . A co-worker and customer witnessed two men entering and leaving the liquor store at the time and found Seifert slumped over the counter in a pool of blood . Wright was arrested and interrogated after police received an anonymous tip that appeared to indicate that Wright was involved in the killing , court documents said . Four of Wright 's friends testified that Wright had spent the evening of the crime with them , and eyewitnesses were unable to recognize Wright as one of the men they saw enter the liquor store , but a jury still convicted the then-18-year-old defendant of first degree murder , first degree robbery , and related weapons charges . The conviction was based largely on a videotaped confession given by Wright and the testimony of a surprise witness and fellow prisoner who said that Wright admitted to him that he shot Seifert , court documents said . This is not the first reversal Wright 's case has seen . In 2012 , the Delaware Superior Court vacated Wright 's conviction and sentence because it had "  no confidence in the outcome of the trial . " The Superior Court found that prosecutors failed to disclose information about a similar attempted robbery at a nearby liquor store less than an hour before the Hi-Way Inn robbery by suspects matching the description given by eyewitnesses . A similar weapon was also used at both locations . Additionally , it was discovered that Wright was not properly read his Miranda rights at the time of his arrest , according to the Superior Court decision . But the Supreme Court reversed that opinion and reinstated Wright 's conviction and death sentence on the grounds that the information about the other robbery would not have affected the outcome given Wright 's videotaped confession , court documents said . After the 2012 reinstatement of his conviction and death sentence , Wright 's attorneys argued that prosecutors withheld additional critical information , particularly that the surprise witness who testified that Wright had confessed had a history of cooperating with prosecutors in exchange for reduced charges . Wright 's attorneys argued that this information would have been helpful to the jury in determining the credibility of the witness 's testimony . Additional testimony by a trial witness also was called into question , according to court documents . Wright 's attorneys suggested that the witness may have actually committed the crime . Attorneys for Wright also argued that the main evidence for Wright 's 1992 conviction , his video confession , was given when Wright was barely 18 years old , was severely sleep deprived and under the influence of heroin , court documents say . The Delaware Supreme Court found Monday that the cumulative effect of the suppression of the additional information was enough to vacate Wright 's conviction and death sentence and demand a retrial . Herbert Mondros , one of Wright 's attorneys , wrote in a statement : "  As the Court found , not a shred of forensic or eyewitness evidence ties Mr. Wright to the crime , and , in violation of Mr. Wright 's constitutional rights , evidence was illegally suppressed in the case ... -LSB- T -RSB- he only evidence against Mr. Wright was a false confession , a confession that was ` inaccurate , ' and squarely contradicted by the facts of the case . " Wright remains held at the James T. Vaughn Correction Center in Smyrna , Delaware , according to a facility official . A date for retrial has not yet been set . CNN 's request for comment from the Delaware Attorney General 's office was not immediately returned . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Jermaine Wright , 41 , was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in 1992 The Delaware Supreme Court overturned his conviction and death sentence Monday The high court ruled that prosecutors withheld important information during the 1992 trial Wright was 18 at the time of his conviction
DAYTON , Ohio  CNN  -- Early on , Maria Lauterbach knew exactly what she wanted to do in life . Dressed in her high school soccer uniform , Maria Lauterbach said she wanted to be a Marine , then a cop . "  After high school , I am going into the Marines , " a smiling Lauterbach , dressed in her high school soccer uniform , says in a video made available exclusively to CNN . "  I 'll probably be doing that for 20 or 25 years , and then hopefully after that , becoming a cop . " Lauterbach became a Marine , but her dreams were cut short . Her body was found buried in the backyard of a fellow Marine , Cpl. Cesar Laurean , near Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , in January . Watch Lauterbach talk about her future plans " Mary Lauterbach , Maria 's mother , wants to know why the Marines did n't do more to protect her daughter from Laurean , whom Maria Lauterbach had accused of rape in May 2007 . "  My concern is I want women to be better protected , " Lauterbach , of Dayton , Ohio , told CNN . Watch how mother wants answers from Marines " Laurean now faces murder charges . He fled the Camp Lejeune area on January 11 . The FBI says he went to his native Mexico , and a cousin of Laurean 's reported seeing him in Zapopan , Mexico , in mid-January . Mary Lauterbach has sent a list of more than 30 questions to the commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , Gen. James Conway , through her congressman . She says she 's unconvinced her daughter 's rape allegation against Laurean was treated seriously . Maria Lauterbach was 20 years old and eight months pregnant when she was reported missing after she failed to report for duty at Camp Lejeune in mid-December . Her body was found nearly a month later beneath a fire pit in Laurean 's backyard . It is unclear whether he was the father of her unborn child . After Maria Lauterbach accused Laurean of rape , she was moved to another office , and military protective orders were issued to keep the accused from the accuser . But Mary Lauterbach and her congressman , Rep. Mike Turner , say the Marines did n't do enough to protect her . "  My daughter wanted to be transferred to another base , " her mother said . She said her daughter told her in phone conversations that she would occasionally see Laurean at meetings and that it traumatized her . The questions Turner , an Ohio Republican , sent to Conway include what steps were taken to protect Lauterbach after she accused Laurean of rape ; why no search was launched immediately after she failed to report for duty ; whether she requested a transfer to another base before her death ; and whether Laurean was asked for a DNA sample after her pregnancy was confirmed . A Marine Corps spokesman told CNN the service would respond to all of the questions submitted through Turner and would not comment further until those answers were complete . Merle Wilberding , Lauterbach 's family attorney , said the military protective order "  really was n't very effective . " Wilberding also questions the length of the investigation . The next step would have been an Article 32 hearing , the military 's equivalent of a open grand jury proceeding . Lauterbach disappeared in mid-December when she failed to show up for work . "  May 11 to December 14 is a long time for resentment to fester , if that 's what it was , " Wilberding says . "  The longer these cases go on , I think the more difficult it is for the victim , " he adds . After Maria Lauterbach first leveled her charges , she changed her story but later continued to claim she was raped by Laurean . "  The problem is when someone has perceived credibility issues , you still must protect the person who is making those claims , " her mother said . The Marine Corps has said it reviewed its handling of Lauterbach 's rape allegations . Turner says a general told him everything was done appropriately . "  I disagree that the review is complete , " Turner told CNN . "  This is a matter where clearly there is a tragic death , there is a national interest in other women that are serving , and this is a matter that deserves higher scrutiny . " Laurean denied the rape allegation or any other sexual contact with Lauterbach . In a statement issued after her death , the Marine Corps said Laurean 's denial "  was believed to significant evidence . " During a press briefing after Lauterbach 's body was found , the Marines described her as a "  solid Marine " and the fugitive Laurean as a "  stellar Marine . " Turner called the latter statement "  really unexplainable . " "  I do n't know how you can be a stellar Marine and have another Marine buried in your backyard , " he said . "  And when that statement was made , those Marines already knew of the tragedy that had befallen Maria . " Mary Lauterbach said her daughter would be proud of her persistence : "  I do this totally for her and for the protection of everyone else 's daughter . " E-mail to a friend	Maria Lauterbach wanted to spend career in Marines , she says in video Lauterbach accused fellow Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean of rape Laurean faces murder charges in Lauterbach 's death Marines should have transferred Lauterbach to another base , her mother says
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Five members of the Sri Lanka 's Civil Defense Force  CDF  were killed in a suicide blast in Sri Lanka at a church outside the capital of Colombo Sunday morning , police said . Sri Lankan police officers investigate Sunday 's suicide bombing near Colombo . Eight other CDF officers and two civilians were wounded , police said . Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the blast , but police suspect the bomber was a member of the Tamil Tiger rebels . There was no immediate response from the Tamil Tiger rebels to the incident , which , police said , occurred at St. Anne 's Church in the Colombo suburb of Wattala , located on a roadway to the country 's only international airport about 15 kilometers  9 miles  north of the capital . The attack happened during a weekly festival that usually draws a large crowd shopping for vegetables and household goods . The suicide bomber walked into an area where CDF officers were stationed and detonated his explosives , police said . Investigators suspect the bomber targeted the area because 150 police officers who help patrol the road to the airport are billeted there . Government forces have engaged rebels in heavy fighting for more than a year in the Kilinochchi region , once the center of political power for the Tamil Tigers . The 25-year civil war between ethnic Tamil separatists and the Sri Lankan government has left more than 65,000 people dead . The Tamil Tigers were founded in 1976 , and the U.S. State Department designated the group a foreign terrorist organization in 1997 . The rebels , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , are fighting for the creation of an independent nation , citing discrimination by the country 's Sinhalese majority . Earlier Sunday , Sri Lanka 's navy said it had destroyed a Tamil Tiger rebel boat allegedly attempting to smuggle in military supplies through the northern coast . Commander D.K.P. Dissanayake , a navy spokesman , told CNN that four rebels were killed in attack after the boat was engulfed in fire . He said the incident occurred just after midnight Sunday but gave no other details . There was no immediate response from the Tiger rebels to that incident . CNN could not independently verify the government 's claim because media is debarred from Sri Lanka 's battle zones . In the past , both sides in the conflict have exaggerated accounts of military operations . On December 20 , the Navy said it destroyed a similar rebel boat trying to smuggle military supplies through the coast near the northeastern coastal village of Mullaitivu . However , a second supply boat was caught on Air Force aerial surveillance cameras unloading along the coast . "  They included assorted ammunition , artillery shells , mortar shells and other items , " a senior Air Force official told CNN . He spoke on grounds of anonymity since he was not authorized to speak to the media .	NEW : Attack coincided during a weekly festival that draws a large crowd NEW : Police suspect the bomber was a member of the Tamil Tiger rebels No immediate response from Tiger rebels on church blast , destroyed boat Four rebels killed in boat attack after midnight Sunday , Navy says
CNN  -- The planet 's most in-form golfer wo n't be lining up at Dove Mountain this month , but Tiger Woods has committed to playing the first of the season 's World Golf Championship events . Sunday 's Pebble Beach winner Brandt Snedeker has suffered an untimely injury blow and has been ruled out of the $ 8.5 million Accenture World Match Play Championship in Arizona due to rib soreness . The new world No. 4 has been replaced in the elite 64-man field by 66th-ranked Swede Fredrik Jacobson for the February 20-24 tournament . Snedeker , who went on holiday after playing his fifth tournament this year , has been advised to rest by his doctor but hopes to return for next month 's WGC-Cadillac Championship at Doral . He has had finishes of 3-23-2-2-1 this season , having scooped the $ 10 million FedEx Cup jackpot after winning last September 's Tour Championship in his final top-level PGA Tour outing of 2012 . World No. 2 Woods has committed to both WGC events plus the Honda Classic , starting February 28 , where he tied for second last year behind world No. 1 Rory McIlroy . "  The Honda Classic is a really good tournament , and it does a lot for the community , " said Woods , who has already won one title this year , finishing ahead of Snedeker at Torrey Pines last month . "  I like the golf course , and I came pretty close last year . It 's part of a busy stretch for me , and I want to continue playing well . " His three-tournament run comes in the lead-up to the Masters , where the former world No. 1 will seek to win his 15th major title but first since 2008 . Jacobson tied for seventh at Pebble Beach , just his second start since October due to back problems . He lost in the first round of the Match Play last year , his first appearance since 2005 when it was still held in Carlsbad , California . "  I 'm excited to come back , " the 38-year-old said . "  I was there a few years before last year , and any of these tournaments , the WGCs , the majors -- if you 're on the bubble for them , you want to get some kind of rhythm where you get to play a lot of them and get accustomed to the courses . " Phil Mickelson , who finished 60th in his Pebble Beach title defense the week after winning in Phoenix , will not be in the field at Dove Mountain . He withdrew to spend time with his family , and will be replaced by 65th-ranked Irishman Shane Lowry .	New world No. 4 Brandt Snedeker ruled out of Accenture World Match Play event American has been advised to rest due to rib soreness , hopes to return in March Second-ranked Tiger Woods commits to Arizona tournament plus two others Fredrik Jacobson and Shane Lowry have been drafted into 64-man field
CNN  -- Are you better off today than you were four years ago ? With 26 consecutive months of job growth , it seems like the answer should be yes . With an 8.2 % unemployment rate , it 's no wonder that in a recent Gallup poll , most said no . This disconnect is the reason some Democrats -- meeting for their convention this week in North Carolina -- are having a hard time finding an answer with the right tone . It also explains why Mitt Romney and the Republicans love asking the question : Nuanced answers to what appears to be a simple yes or no question sounds like spin , and voters hate spin . More important , the question tricks the middle class into condensing all of their money problems into the three-plus years of the Obama administration . I say "  trick " because the truth is , the "  better off " question does nothing to address the real reason why things are tight : Americans ' wages have n't kept up with the cost of living for a good long time . And because of that , the middle class has been dying a slow death for the past 40 years , not four . Romney likes to say that he is a financial whiz , so you have to know that this bit of information is not news to him . That he does n't bother bringing up that trend when talking about the economy is yet another sign that he 's more interested in winning the election than helping those less fortunate than himself . Here 's what I 'm talking about : In its recent report , "  The Lost Decade of the Middle Class , " the Pew Research Center found that in 1971 , 62 % of the country 's income was earned by the middle class , which at that time represented 61 % of the population . In 1991 , the middle class took in 54 % of the income and represented 56 % of the country . In 2011 , the middle class represented 51 % of the population , but its earning was down to 45 % . Opinion : What Democrats need to do in Charlotte None of this would be a problem if the percentage of Americans who became rich was in line with the amount of money the rich were taking in . Unfortunately , that is not the case . In 1971 , the rich represented 14 % of the country and took in 29 % of the income . In 2011 , the rich represented 20 % of the country but took in a whopping 46 % of the money . So Romney asking "  are you better off today than you were four years ago " is a bit insulting ; he 's really just a rich guy preying on the emotions of a middle class in long decline . Maybe if he starts talking about the dramatic redistribution of wealth that 's occurred since 1971 and the wage/inflation gap , I 'll think differently . And that gap ? Over a 12-month period ending in December , wages went up 1.8 % , while through October , the consumer price index was up 3.5 % . This is not an anomaly , it 's been the norm . This is why Pew found that "  85 % of self-described middle-class adults say it is more difficult now than it was a decade ago for middle-class people to maintain their standard of living . " We 're working just as hard as in years past , but we 're behind the 8-ball because for most of the country , wages are not even set to meet the cost of living . Indeed , some of us are closer to being poor than middle class and do n't know it . The 2011 middle class median income started at $ 39,418 for a family of three . Yet Pew found some families making less than $ 30,000 still self-identified as middle class , even though they 're closer to the nation 's bottom fifth , according to the U.S. Census . How does this translate on the ground ? The starting salary for K-12 teachers in 42 states is below the $ 39,418 bar of median middle class salaries . Beyond the basic necessities , such as food , housing and a car to get to work , many young teachers are paying back student loans . So if there 's a young teacher with a family -- say in a state like Ohio , where the starting salary is $ 31,876 -- there 's a good chance that person is poor , not middle class . The starting salary for a New York firefighter is $ 43,074 . Now , that may sound like a lot of money until you realize that "  a New Yorker would have to make $ 123,322 a year to have the same standard of living as someone making $ 50,000 in Houston , " according to the Center for an Urban Future . Depending on the neighborhood , full-time day care in New York can cost a family about $ 25,000 a year . I do n't know about you , but I think it 's kind of messed up that our teachers and firemen , professionals that used to represent a legitimate middle class -- only a short time ago -- are living check to check . That 's not all about taxes and government . It 's not about Obamacare or a "  war on the rich . " It 's about a trend that has gone on under the radar for decades finally making its presence known . Apple has worldwide sales of $ 16 billion . But a New York Times article this summer reported "  about 30,000 of the 43,000 Apple employees in this country work in Apple Stores , as members of the service economy , and many of them earn about $ 25,000 a year . " Meanwhile , it went on : "  Last year ,  CEO Tim Cook  received stock grants , which vest over a 10-year period , that at today 's share price would be worth more than $ 570 million . " After much criticism , this summer , Apple gave all of its retail stores employees raises up to 25 % , and last I checked , the company is still making a lot of money . In fact , both Obama and Romney acknowledge that big business is doing OK , remarks supported by Wall Street . So why are so many of us still struggling ? "  Are you better off today ? " is not a question looking for a productive answer . It 's a rallying cry for those opposed to the Obama administration -- an administration that has certainly made its share of economic mistakes but is hardly the reason why this generation is projected to make less money than the one before . If Romney wants to show the nation that he is the truly the best man for the job and not just another candidate seeking it , he will start talking about ways to turn things around for the middle class . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Romney asking if you 're better off than four years ago is wrong question He says study shows middle class shrinking for 40 years , with smaller share of wage pie LZ : In 1971 , rich were 14 % of U.S. , 29 % of income ; in 2011 : 20 % of U.S. , 46 % income LZ : If Romney wants to really do something for country , he 'll have plan to address this trend
Conventional wisdom has it that President Barack Obama 's campaign four years ago was a political masterpiece . Yes , the Republican brand was in the toilet ; the economy had cratered ; his real opponent , George Bush , was a political pariah ; and the country despaired for a new direction . Still , we recall the Obama campaign as a crushing force , brilliantly harnessed , riding the tide of history . So why is his re-election campaign such a mess ? Team Obama has turned the candidate of hope and change into a ferociously political animal . They 've discarded their most valuable asset , his stature . The outsider who flew above the hated , polarized politics of red and blue now does nothing but campaign and polarize . The Obama who was "  one of us , " apart from Washington , is increasingly and , to his detriment , "  one of them . " We first picked up this change in sentiment a few weeks ago in our Purple Poll of 12 key swing states when we asked independent voters who "  is just another politician ? " Obama edged out Romney by 4 points . The candidate of soaring ideals has tumbled to Earth , muddied and mired in politics . Yet Team Obama has proved it can still effect change : Consistently , they make their situation worse . This past week , the Obama who supported gay marriage when running for Illinois legislature , then flipped against it as candidate for president , flopped once more to serve his re-election . The president 's reversal did not just evolve . Its politics became transparent . Though same-sex marriage was not "  right " earlier , it suddenly became a matter of conviction . With the Democratic Convention approaching , the president needed to energize his base and defuse the likelihood of a platform war over same-sex marriage . Miraculously , at that moment , he found the courage to do the most politically useful thing . Many of us who support the president 's new position still found the politics as subtle as neon . The maneuvering became the message . The latest CBS/New York Times Poll reveals 67 % of those interviewed said the president made his decision "  for political reasons . " Less than a quarter of voters believe he acted on principle . Americans have started to connect a swarm of dots , revealing politics as the pattern . Even when this president crosses oceans , Americans see him putting politics first . Recently , in perhaps the most damning YouTube moment yet in a presidential race , Barack Obama was captured putting domestic politics ahead of foreign policy . He was caught on an open microphone , telling outgoing Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev that he would be more amenable to Russian interests on the issue of missile defense if he survived the November elections . "  This is my last election , " Obama said . "  After my election , I have more flexibility . " The president 's mask slipped . The politician beneath was revealed . Voters , including the president 's core female supporters , got to see what they had only suspected : Obama 's priorities are n't necessarily theirs . While our economy was melting down , Obama spent his first two years compulsively advocating a health care plan . While moms struggle to stretch their family budget and fill the gas tank , Obama 's crusading for birth control and same-sex marriage . And now , as storm clouds from Europe 's exhaustion and California 's failure begin to roll into our heartland , trapping our economy without exit , the president offers tacit acknowledgment that this is the best he can do : His campaign is about everything but what will save us . The latest CBS/New York Times Poll says 50 % of voters believe the president is doing a good job . The problem ? They do n't think it is the job he should be doing . Only 43 % of Americans are voting for him . Republicans have never been able to paint Obama as a flip-flopper , despite a litany of evidence . Candidate Obama supported "  pay as you go budgeting , " but the economic meltdown excused him from his commitment , allowing him to propose a decade of trillion-dollar deficits . He spent a trillion dollars on health care , but explained it was a practical strategy to save money . In the same moment , he has urged both expensive stimulus and deficit reduction . Still he has been excused , as a practical man , with long and short-range fiscal tools on his workbench . He reviled the Bush tax cuts and the "  tired and cynical philosophy , " behind them . Then he pragmatically extended them , calling his pirouette a "  substantial victory for middle class families " who would otherwise have suffered a tax increase . The Obama running for re-election is for everything and nothing at once , a creature of calculation . His oratorical skills are seen not as gifts that elevate him above the elite political class , but tools that enshrine him as its leader . Obama has become what he came to Washington to change : He is politics . There is a good chance the Obama campaign is about to disintegrate , if only briefly . Obama is about to walk through "  the valley of death , " where candidates lose their way and are tested on an arid march . In this familiar story , the campaign that could do no wrong can do no right : Pundits who have predicted an Obama victory reverse course and insist Romney is a sure bet . Republicans should restrain their exuberance . The race will certainly tighten again if this president fixes a fundamental and possibly fatal political mistake : Obama is asking America to be a polarized , angry country , where we are at war with each other , tearing at our own throats . Romney is asking us to be a country at peace with itself . Unless Obama changes course , he will not make it through the valley . This is a race Romney wins .	Alex Castellanos : Why is Obama 's team running such an inexpert re-election campaign ? The latest CBS/New York Times poll says only 43 % of voters would vote for Obama today Obama 's reversal on same-sex marriage was obviously political , says Castellanos Castellanos : Obama "  is for everything and nothing at once , a creature of calculation "
CNN  -- Amazon 's new Fire Phone is n't a phone . It 's a shopping mall . Not that boring shopping mall slowly dying on the edges of suburban America , but a gorgeous mall with infinite selection and endless opportunities for entertainment , from books to movies and everything in between . The price starts at $ 199 with a two-year contract , or $ 649 without a contract . The Fire Phone may well give its competitors a run for the money . Malls are social spaces , and so is Fire Phone . Its five cameras and assorted sensors are exactly what is needed to create immersive interactive experience . And what better thing to socialize around than using it to identify new products , deals and scoops ? The only piece missing from Amazon 's new mall is food , but you can be sure that soon , there will be an Amazon Fresh truck waiting around the corner or an Amazon aerial drone hovering just over the horizon ready to deliver your order . Amazon is pretty late to the mobile space , and if Fire Phone was just another well-designed mobile device , it would n't have a prayer of catching up to Apple or Google . But Amazon is n't playing catch-up , it 's changing the game by shifting the focus of mobile devices to what it does best : Satisfying our seemingly endless desire to buy stuff . Google is still struggling with creating a shopping strategy for physical products , and Apple is little more than an elegant specialty store in cyberspace . In contrast , Amazon pioneered online shopping and has reinvented the shopping experience time and again . Fire Phone is just the latest chapter in that long history . A crucial feature in the Fire Phone is Amazon 's Firefly technology , which turns the phone into a one-touch information source for anything that can be viewed with the phone 's many cameras . You see a cool jacket on an actor in a movie -- capture the image and Amazon will find it for sale . If you hear a song you like , grab a sample and Amazon will tell you the artist and offer to sell you a copy . Or , next time you are at your favorite suburban mall , snap a picture of a product in a physical store and Amazon will offer it to you for less . This may be the most diabolically disruptive aspect of the Fire Phone . While Apple and other companies are building out physical stores at great cost as part of their shopping strategy , Firefly allows Amazon to invade every store in every mall on the planet and turn it into a de facto showroom for Amazon . This will drive retailers crazy . Expect to hear much about how Fire Phone is going to kill physical shopping in the days to come . I would n't be surprised if some stores attempt to ban Fire Phone entirely . Once upon a time shopping was mainly "  bricks-and-mortar : " an exclusively physical retail experience . After Amazon appeared on the Web , shopping evolved to "  bricks-and-clicks : " an expanded shopping reality that provided shoppers the option of visiting either a physical space or a virtual space . Doomsayers proclaimed the end of physical stores , but while online shopping has been profoundly disruptive , the physical shopping experience evolved to coexist with shopping in cyberspace . We are now moving from "  bricks-and-clicks " to "  bricks-in-clicks : " a world where the line between physical and virtual not only blurs , but becomes a two-way conversation . Getting competitive pricing with your phone camera is just the start . The next phase will be "  augmented reality " shopping . Want to see if that elegant lounge chair really fits in your living room ? Select your chair , hit a button and it appears on your screen as if it were actually in your room . You can even walk around the chair , viewing it from multiple perspectives . Sounds futuristic , but iPhone and Android users can experience this today with apps like Sayduck . With five cameras and multiple sensors , Fire Phone will be able to do this with even greater fidelity . Amazon 's Fire Phone is being released at a moment when we are seeing the rapid growth of the so-called "  Internet of Things , " where billions of physical objects from toothbrushes to satellite sensors are being connected to the Internet . Before long , shoppers wandering into a physical store wo n't use their phones to merely take a picture of an object ; they will have a phone-mediated conversation with that object . And when that happens , Jeff Bezos will probably reinvent things again .	Paul Saffo : Amazon is n't playing catch-up , it 's changing the game in mobile space Saffo : Fire Phone shifts focus of mobile devices to satisfying our shopping urges He says features of Fire Phone will turn stores into de facto showrooms for Amazon Saffo : Get ready , the next phase will be "  augmented reality " shopping
New Delhi  CNN  -- Ending years of speculation over the future leader of one of India 's largest and most influential business groups , Tata Sons Wednesday named 43-year-old Cyrus Pallonji Mistry as the successor to business icon Ratan Tata , the man who has led the $ 80 billion conglomerate for the past two decades . The company broke away from tradition by appointing a non-family member for the first time in its almost 150-year-old history . Mistry said in a statement that he was "  deeply honored " and he was aware that an "  enormous responsibility , with a great legacy , has been entrusted " to him . Mistry is not new to the group ; he has been on the board of Tata Sons since 2006 and will now serve as the group 's deputy chairman until Ratan Tata retires in December 2012 . Mistry is currently the managing director of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji & Co. . His family owns 18 % stake in Tata Sons , making the family the second biggest share-holder behind Tata Trust which has a 67 % stake . Mistry said in a statement that he will "  legally dissociate " himself from the management of his family businesses however "  to avoid any issue of conflict of interest . " Tata said the appointment of Mistry was a "  good and far-sighted choice " and that he had been "  impressed with the quality and caliber of his participation , his astute observations and his humility . " "  I will be committed to working with him over the next year to give him the exposure , the involvement and the operating experience to equip him to undertake the full responsibility of the group on my retirement , " he added . Tata , 73 , is a bachelor with no children . He took over the family business in 1991 and has been credited for pioneering different markets and turning "  Tata " into a household name . With more than 100 companies in various sectors from steel to automobiles to tea , spread across 80 countries , Tata Sons employs almost half a million people around the world . His international forays include the acquisition of British luxury automobiles brand Jaguar and Land Rover , Tetley Tea and European steel giant Corus . At home , Tata made headlines when he launched what he has described as his favorite venture the Tata Nano -- the world 's cheapest car . Tata Sons also own the Taj group of hotels , including the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower in Mumbai which was at the center of the deadly 2008 terrorist attacks . In a recent interview with CNN , Tata had said he would like to leave behind a group of companies that continues his family 's legacy . "  What I would like to do is to leave behind a sustainable entity of a set of companies that operate in an exemplary manner in terms of ethics , values and continue what our ancestors left behind . And , I hope my successor will will be as committed to that as I have tried to be . " He went on to say , "  My only regret is that I am not 20 years younger because I think India 's going through a very exciting period in its history . "	Tata Sons is an $ 80 billion conglomerate Ratan Tata has no children Mistry has been on the board since 2006
CNN  -- With Ferrari currently enduring one of its least competitive Formula 1 seasons in years , the man who helped the team to the top of the sport is to step down as chairman . More than two decades after first taking up the post in 1991 , Luca di Montezemolo will leave the Scuderia on October 13 , with chief executive officer of parent company Fiat Sergio Marchionne is set to succeed him . "  This is the end of an era and so I have decided to leave my position as chairman after almost 23 marvellous and unforgettable years , " read a statement from Di Montezemolo . Under the Italian success became almost routine for Ferrari . Eight Constructors ' World Championships arrived in that time , while Michael Schumacher dominated as a Scuderia driver , claiming five straight World Championships between 2000 and 2004 . Away from the track , Di Montezemolo also played a key role away in helping to transform the brand into one of the world 's finest luxury car makers . "  Ferrari is the most wonderful company in the world . It has been a great privilege and honour to have been its leader , " Di Montezemolo 's statement continued . "  I devoted all of my enthusiasm and commitment to it over the years . Together with my family , it was , and continues to be , the most important thing in my life . " Marchionne paid tribute to the man he is due to succeed -- someone he was appointed alongside to the Fiat Board of Directors in 2003 . "  We worked side by side , sharing concerns , difficulties and successes , " said Marchionne in a statement . "  As chairman of Ferrari , he drove the company to a new level of technological and organizational excellence which also brought with it outstanding financial results . " Since 2008 , however , Ferrari have been starved of such successes , with the team having now gone nearly six years without either a Drivers ' or Constructors ' World Championship title . The 67-year-old Di Montezemolo 's future had been the subject of speculation due to Ferrari 's poor form on the track this year -- Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen sit fifth and 10th respectively in the World Championship standings , while the team itself lie fourth in the Constructors ' World Championship , 292 points off leaders Mercedes . Reports emerged ahead of Sunday 's Italian Grand Prix in Monza about a Di Montezemolo exit , although the Italian was insistent afterwards about staying in the role despite Ferrari suffering their worst performance of the season -- Alonso was forced to retire , while Raikkonen had to settle for ninth . Marchionne , though , immediately contradicted his colleague -- "  We are good friends but his statements ... these are things I would n't have said myself . "  Luca and I have discussed the future of Ferrari at length , " Marchionne 's statement continued . "  And our mutual desire to see Ferrari achieve its true potential on the track has led to misunderstandings which became clearly visible over the last weekend . "  I want to thank Luca for all he has done for Fiat , for Ferrari and for me personally . " Di Montezemolo first arrived at Ferrari in 1973 , becoming assistant to the manufacturer 's founder , Enzo Ferrari , before going on to manage the team from 1974 . A number of different roles in Fiat followed during the 1980s , before he assumed his position as president in 1991 . "  I wish the shareholders , particularly Piero Ferrari who has always been by my side , and everyone in the Company the many more years of success that Ferrari deserves , " Di Montezemolo added .	Luca di Montezemolo to resign as Ferrari chairman Di Montezemolo has enjoyed much success in the role over 23 years The 67-year-old to be succeeded by Sergio Marchionne In recent Formula One seasons Ferrari has struggled
CNN  -- The Bank of England knowingly helped to sell looted Nazi gold from occupied Czechoslovakia months before the outbreak of World War II , according to experts . On Tuesday the Bank of England 's archives -- published digitally for the first time -- reveal that # 5.6 million of gold was transferred just days after the Nazi siege of Czechslovakia in 1939 , which was one of the catalysts that sparked the war . While the transfers themselves were known at the time , the archives unmask private letters and telephone conversations where the Bank of England avoided questions over its Czech gold holdings from the Treasury . The bank sanctioned the transfer of gold -- worth an estimated # 736.4 million  $ 1.1 billion  today , according to the Financial Times -- between two accounts held by the National Bank of Czechoslovakia and the German central bank , known then as the Reichsbank . Albrecht Ritschl , professor of economic history at the London School of Economics , told CNN that the Bank of England "  in cold blood , and pretending not to know what these accounts were and where the gold was coming from , agreed to the transfer . " Ritschl said : "  From the Czech point of view this was very clearly a breach of trust . " The Bank of England declined to comment when contacted by CNN . The archived document claims bank officials suspected but were "  not sure " the accounts were Czech and German . However , they believed it was "  no business of theirs , " as both accounts were held by the Bank of International Settlements  BIS  -- a central bankers ' bank . But David Blaazer , a historian at the University of New South Wales and author of a study on the Bank of England and Czech gold , told CNN : "  There is absolutely no doubt that the Bank knew which numbered BIS account belonged to which central bank . " Despite an attempt by the British government to block all Czech assets in the UK , the transfer went ahead and the story caused an outpouring of public anger . Banker for Germany With the UK heavily exposed to the German debt crisis in 1931 , such transfers were part of an "  economic appeasement " plan of Nazi Germany by Britain , according to Ritschl . British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was keen to avoid conflict with Adolf Hitler 's Germany after the human cost and economic devastation caused by the First World War . This culminated in Britain , France , Germany and Italy signing the ` Munich Pact , ' leading to the annexation of Czechoslovakia and the country 's eventual invasion . Ritschl said : "  This policy started in 1933 when Hjalmar Schacht was reinstalled by Hitler as president of the Reichsbank . "  This was beneficial in the short term for Britain , as Nazi Germany unblocked British assets frozen in Germany , " Ritschl told CNN . "  Britain then resumed its traditional role as a banker and insurer for Germany 's foreign trade . As the episode shows , the Nazis had a reliable partner , " he said . After the gold transfer , the assets were "  disposed " of with around # 4 million going to the central banks of Belgium and Holland and the remainder sold in London , according to the official report . Ritschl said the personal friendship between Reichsbank President Hjalmar Schacht and then-Bank of England Governor Montagu Norman may have had a bearing on the bank 's actions at the time . Government intervention In May 1939 , then British Chancellor of the Exchequer John Simon wrote to Norman to ask whether the bank was still holding Czech gold . In his reply , Norman did not answer the question but pointed out "  that the bank held gold from time to time for the BIS and had no knowledge of whether it was their own property or that of their customers . " According to Blaazer , the Bank of England could not refuse to follow the order of a customer  the BIS  to transfer gold between its own accounts . He said : "  The bank claimed , and the government accepted , that this particular transaction fell beyond the governments and the banks power . "	Bank of England archives reveal # 5.6 million of gold was transferred days after Nazi siege of Czechslovakia in 1939 The bank sanctioned the transfer of gold , which is worth an estimated # 736.4 million  $ 1.1 billion  today Despite an attempt by the British government to block all Czech assets in the UK , the transfer went ahead
CNN  -- As smoke clears from two deadly bombings near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday , focus turns to identifying those responsible . And that 's no easy task . The massive number of cell phones and closed circuit cameras on the street provide an incredible wealth of video and photo . "  This is probably one of the most well photographed areas in the country , " said Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis . The wealth of photographic and video evidence available is both a challenge and an opportunity . "  We intend to go through every frame . " The Boston marathon extends over 26 miles of streets and is largely open to the public . The crime scene around the bombing covers 12 city blocks . "  This is the most complex crime scene we 've ever had to deal with , " said Davis at a press conference Tuesday about the bombings . "  We are processing all the digital photographic evidence we can , " says Richard DesLauriers , the special agent leading the FBI 's Boston Division . He asks that "  the public continue submitting whatever they have to police . " There 's a huge amount of video evidence to process , he says , creating a logistics issue . Grant Fredericks is a forensic video analyst and instructor at the Law Enforcement and Emergency Services Video Association  LEVA  in Indianapolis . LEVA is the only digital multimedia evidence processing lab in the world designed to train video investigators and analyze massive amounts of forensic video evidence , Fredericks says . Which is exactly what 's needed in Boston . Fredericks says there 's no standard in law enforcement to acquire video from the public in the wake of a tragedy such as yesterday 's marathon bombings . But the best example of mass video collection for investigative purposes occurred in June 2011 , when riots occurred after the Vancouver Canucks lost the Stanley Cup finals to the Boston Bruins . The City of Vancouver set up a system in which the public could provide video evidence , such as photos and videos from cell phones , anonymously to police . In response , Vancouver police received 5,000 hours of video from the public . Considering the size of the Boston Marathon and the growing prevalence of smartphone video cameras , the raw volume of footage after this tragedy could be much larger . After gathering those 5,000 hours of footage , Vancouver police then contacted LEVA through the Forensic Video Analysis Response Team to go through all that video . Fredericks says 52 analysts then spent 14 days processing that footage , identifying 15,000 criminal acts perpetrated by 300 rioters . The analysis is not magic , Fredericks says . Three shifts of video forensics experts distributed the raw video evidence to analysts , who then put the evidence into a single interoperable format , and uploaded it into a central management system . From there , it was watched and coded -- meaning that anyone perceived to commit a criminal act was profiled and then attached to a special code that would identify , for example , whether they were wearing a backpack or a hoodie , whether they were carrying anything with them , and any other physical attributes that could be identified .  CNN describes the first potential suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing as "  seen with a black backpack and sweatshirt " and "  trying to get into a restricted area about five minutes before the first explosion . " The purpose of this is to tag people so they can be identified later -- to say , "  hey , this is the same person " identified in previous videos , he says . Fredericks notes that Boston police are likely now going through a similar process , collecting every piece of digital media available from transit and nearly 600 closed circuit television cameras covering the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority alone . According to the ACLU of Massachusetts , "  Stored video can be easily shared with other -LSB- police departments -RSB- over standard web browsers using a system protected by a basic username and password . " In a post Tuesday , Popular Mechanics quoted the study , inferring : "  If the bomber  s  took public transportation , there 's a good chance those steps can be retraced through video footage . " But does this profiling open the possibility for wrongful arrests ? Recall the tragedy of Richard Jewell , the security guard falsely accused of bombing Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park during the 1996 Olympics . "  The thing about profiling is that you 're not profiling an individual , you 're profiling a type , " Fredericks says . In Boston , authorities are now combing video evidence for "  anyone with a backpack . " In other words , it 's not the video analyst 's role to worry about whether people are wrongly accused of involvement in the Boston marathon bombings ; it 'll be up to law enforcement to get evidence before they start arresting people . "  The video officer is just a technician , " Fredericks says . In an email to The Verge , Larry Compton , a video analyst with Forensic Video Solutions in Washington D.C. , sees where improvements might be made in the future to make the process easier . "  What needs to be developed is a solution for governments to accept public video and images for such situations , as there were likely several Zapruders who captured evidence , " he writes , referencing the famous film of the Kennedy assassination . "  It needs to be far more comprehensive and useful than just random submissions to the 911 centers . " He suggests that such a system should accept wireless , web , and email submissions when activated . Each submission should include basic contact information , camera info , as well as a time sync reference . "  This would provide a quick bigger picture , " Compton writes . And beyond the video evidence , Fredericks says federal authorities will already have a list of potential terror suspects who could be involved . "  They 'll ask , ` who 's in town , who are we tracking ? ' " Those people become instant suspects before video evidence is analysed . "  The message is this : the most prolific source of evidence available to law enforcement comes from video evidence , comes from video sources , " he says . "  These kinds of cases really underscore that the general public is collecting video evidence every moment of every day . So when you have a major incident in a major area like this where you have a huge gathering of the public , everyone there with a cell phone now has an evidence collection device that can be used by law enforcement . " "  Law enforcement just needs to get that video . " UPDATE : "  The FBI has set up a tip line -- at 1-800-CALL-FBI -- for anyone who has information , images , or details relating to yesterday 's explosions along the Boston Marathon route . We are particularly interested in reviewing video footage captured by bystanders with cell phones or personal cameras near either of the blasts . In an investigation of this nature , no detail is too small . " Read the original article on The Verge : In Boston bombing , flood of digital evidence is a blessing and a curse © 2013 Vox Media Inc. . All rights reserved	The many cell phones and cameras on Boston streets give authorities a wealth of images Police : "  We intend to go through every frame " Authorities are asking witnesses for photos and video that might offer clues to the bomber Vancouver police used video footage to identify criminal acts after 2011 riots in that city
CNN  Hillary Clinton 's lawyerly news conference Tuesday , at which she doggedly parried suggestions that her use of a private email server to conduct official State Department business was improper , might extinguish the matter for most Americans -- but it does n't get Clinton out of the woods politically . The real possibility of lasting political damage to the former secretary of state will come if her emails reveal any favoritism to any of the foreign donors who contributed to the welter of powerful charitable organizations housed at the Bill , Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation . This is the multibillion-dollar foundation Hillary Clinton leads alongside ex-President Bill Clinton and their daughter , Chelsea . What we already know about the foundation 's donors is controversial : Some of the corporations , banks and foreign governments that have funded foundation projects have abysmal human rights records and have been involved in everything from drug money laundering to aiding terrorism in violation of American law . The Clintons can make a plausible case that it 's best to solicit money from companies and foreign governments -- even ethically challenged ones -- and put it to good use attacking problems of global poverty . As Bill Clinton recently told reporters : "  You 've got to decide when you do this work whether it will do more good than harm if someone helps you from another country . " It 's an interesting and important debate , and most Americans would probably approve the idea of putting "  bad " money to good use . But the argument only works if Clinton 's work as secretary of state was completely separate from the foundation 's tip-toeing around ethical challenges . To figure that out requires analyzing the history of what began as the William J. Clinton Foundation shortly after he left office in 2001 . Different initiatives were added over the years to combat AIDS , climate change , poverty and other ills ; the most high-profile of these projects , the Clinton Global Initiative , added in 2005 , brings world leaders together to tackle the world 's problems . To make things even more complicated , the foundation 's website says its mission is supported by the Clinton Presidential Center in Arkansas , which includes an archive of the President 's papers . The foundation recently co-sponsored a Black History month event with the center . The foundation 's thicket of relationships with corporate donors and foreign heads of states is difficult for outsiders to penetrate and understand . And with 350 employees spread across 180 nations , running the foundation is an expensive proposition : in 2012 , the various initiatives spent $ 214 million according to The New York Times but still ended up $ 8 million in the red . Who gave , and why , is hard to figure out . According to The Wall Street Journal , "  The Clinton Foundation does disclose its donors , which is n't required by law . But the disclosure is limited ; dates and exact amount of the donations are n't disclosed . Donations are listed in value ranges and updated annually with only the previous year 's donor getting an asterisk by his or her name . " Hillary and Bill Clinton have put some safeguards in place to put distance between her job as secretary of state and the inner workings of the foundation . During Hillary Clinton 's years as secretary of state , the high-profile Clinton Global Initiative split off from the larger Clinton Foundation , and Bill Clinton says he had no direct involvement in its day-to-day operations . Hillary Clinton also stayed away from the foundation during her time at the State Department and agreed to subject possible conflicts to the department 's ethics office . It was only after she resigned that she formally joined the foundation and added her name to its title . Ideally that would settle the matter , but there 's the possibility that the elaborate formal safeguards may have been breached or ignored . An investigation by The Wall Street Journal found that "  at least 60 companies that lobbied the State Department during her tenure donated a total of more than $ 26 million to the Clinton Foundation , " raising questions about whether the firms were using the donations to curry favor with the secretary of state . In one well-publicized case , Hillary pressed a state-owed Russian airline to buy American planes from Boeing . The effort worked : Boeing ended up with a $ 3.7 billion contract .  To be sure , secretaries of state are always lobbying foreign countries to purchase American products . It 's part of their job .  But weeks after Clinton 's persuasion  what she called a "  shameless pitch "  , Boeing donated $ 900,000 to the foundation . A CNN investigation by Alexandra Jaffe recently showed that half a dozen banks that gave money to the Clinton Foundation were involved in ethically questionable behavior and might have used donations to the foundation and/or its CGI spinoff as a way to gain favor with the Clintons and enhance their tarnished reputations . In 2012 , the British bank Standard Chartered paid $ 667 million in fines for violating sanctions against Iran and HSBC paid $ 1.92 billion to settle claims of illegally doing business for customers in Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Myanmar and allowing drug dealers to launder money through the bank . Both banks have been major contributors to the foundation . As Jaffe notes , "  the fact that the foundation partnered with banks that were actively under investigation raises questions over what restrictions , if any , the foundation placed on its fundraising operation . " And according to The Washington Post , seven nations donated millions to the foundation during Clinton 's time as secretary of state , including a $ 500,000 gift from Algeria that the foundation failed to clear in advance through the State Department 's ethics office . That sort of corner-cutting , and the cozy-seeming connections between Clinton and various corporations and governments , will be tough to explain on the campaign trail . If emails suggest Clinton was aware of the corporations , banks and nations sending money to her foundation during her time at the State Department -- or worse , took action to help encourage the flow of donations -- the issue would almost certainly derail her likely presidential campaign . It 's much too early to count Hillary out , of course . The Clintons can credibly argue that the money they collected has funded more than a billion dollars ' worth of good works , from lowering the price of HIV-fighting drugs in developing countries to advancing green technology and educating girls and women . But there 's no scenario in which voters can be expected to ignore or support the former secretary of state if she is shown to have been simultaneously arranging pay-to-play deals with businesses and governments seeking help or favors from the U.S. government while she was in office . What will matter is not why or how Hillary stored her emails but whether the actual emails show her in ethical quicksand from which no presidential candidate can escape .	Errol Louis : Bigger question than kind of email used is whether Hillary Clinton 's emails show favoritism for donors He says some corporations and foreign nation donors stained by sanctions for illegal behavior Louis : If voters see a quid pro quo from the former secretary of state 's emails , it could derail her candidacy
CNN  -- It was a night for underdogs at the Golden Globes -- and a particularly rich one for the biggest underdog of them all , "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Dev Patel and Freida Pinto star in "  Slumdog Millionaire , " which was named best drama at the Golden Globes . The modestly budgeted movie -- about a poverty-raised orphan in Mumbai who goes on the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " -- won awards for best drama , best director  Danny Boyle  , best screenplay  Simon Beaufoy  and best original score  A.R. Rahman  . The victories were all the more astonishing given the film 's unlikely production history , which included cobbling together a $ 15 million budget , shooting on the streets of Mumbai and then struggling for distribution . The film 's principals , including Boyle and Beaufoy , were thankful for the support of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which presents the Globes . "  Your mad , pulsating affection for our film is much appreciated , " said Boyle . Watch stars on the red carpet " "  We really were n't expecting to be here in America at all at one time , so it 's just amazing to be here , " said Beaufoy . With the film 's victories at the Critics ' Choice Awards last week , it must be considered the front-runner in the Academy Awards ' best picture race . The Academy Award nominations will be announced Thursday , January 22 . iReport.com : Sound off on awards season Another underdog , actor Mickey Rourke , won best actor in a drama for his performance in "  The Wrestler . " Rourke , who described himself as "  almost out of the business " not so long ago , gave credit to his agent for backing him and "  Wrestler " director Darren Aronofsky for sticking with him when the film had trouble finding funding . "  The Wrestler " also won a Globe for its theme song , written and sung by Bruce Springsteen . Watch Golden Globe highlights " Kate Winslet was n't considered quite as much an underdog , but she still outdid the odds by winning both categories for which she was nominated : best actress in a drama  for "  Revolutionary Road "  and best supporting actress  for "  The Reader "  . Gallery : Winners at the Globes " Perhaps she surprised herself most of all . After winning best supporting actress -- the first award of the evening -- she asked the audience , "  You have to forgive me , because I have a habit of not winning things . " After the best actress win , she took the stage in a mild state of shock . "  I 'm so sorry ! Anne , Meryl , Kristin -- oh , God , who 's the other one ? -- Angelina , " she said , referring to fellow nominees Anne Hathaway , Meryl Streep , Kristin Scott Thomas and Angelina Jolie . Not long after , being told to wrap it up , she said , "  You have no idea how much I 'm not wrapping up , " before emotionally thanking a variety of people , including co-star Leonardo DiCaprio and husband Sam Mendes , "  Road 's " director . See the list of Globe winners , nominees Another win was expected , if tinged with tragedy . The late Heath Ledger won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor for his performance as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight . " "  All of us who worked with Heath on ` The Dark Knight ' accept with an awful mixture of sadness but incredible pride , " said director Christopher Nolan . "  For any of us lucky enough to work with him , he will be eternally missed , but he will never be forgotten . " Ledger died almost a year ago of an accidental prescription drug overdose . Ledger 's performance was widely praised and he is considered the front-runner for an Academy Award for supporting actor . He was 28 when he died on January 22 , 2008 . Oscar nominations will be announced on the first anniversary of his death . Before the show , "  Knight " co-star Aaron Eckhart told CNN , "  I 'm considering it his night tonight . " The Globes also honor TV programs , and in the television categories there were few surprises . HBO 's miniseries "  John Adams , " which dominated the Emmy Awards in September with 13 trophies , won four Globes : best actor  Paul Giamatti  , best actress  Laura Linney  , best supporting actor  Tom Wilkinson  and best TV movie or miniseries . "  Mad Men " won best TV drama , as it did at the Emmys , and "  30 Rock , " another Emmy winner , won best comedy TV series . Though star Tina Fey was announced as the person to accept that award , she let co-star Tracy Morgan have the microphone . "  Tina Fey and I had an agreement that if Barack Obama won , I 'd be accepting the awards from now on , " he said . Fey later won for best TV comedy actress , joining her co-star Alec Baldwin  best TV comedy actor  as Globe winners . The Israeli film "  Waltz With Bashir " won best foreign-language film . In his speech , director Ari Folman expressed hope for peace in the Middle East . Noting the "  eight beautiful production babies " born during the show 's four-year creation , he said he hopes the children can see the film when they get older , and "  I hope it looks like an ancient video game that has nothing to do with their lives whatsoever . " Other Globe winners included Sally Hawkins , who won best actress in a musical or comedy for her performance in "  Happy-Go-Lucky " ; Colin Farrell , who took home best actor in a comedy or musical for "  In Bruges " ; "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona , " Woody Allen 's latest , which won best comedy or musical ; and "  WALL-E , " which won best animated film . For those casting metaphorical grass blades into the breeze to see which way the Oscar winds are blowing , the "  Globes " may have created front-runners in some races , confusion in others . Anne Hathaway had won a few honors for "  Rachel Getting Married , " but Winslet 's win over her at the Globes creates a tighter contest for best actress . Rourke 's victory is a feel-good story for an actor many had written off , but he may have to face Frank Langella  Richard Nixon in "  Frost/Nixon "  , Sean Penn  a highly praised Harvey Milk in "  Milk "  and Leonardo DiCaprio  Winslet 's "  Revolutionary Road " husband  for best actor . "  Milk , " in particular , received short shrift from the HFPA ; the Motion Picture Academy is expected to be kinder . The Globes ' loose atmosphere -- a trademark of the event , which features an open bar and celebrities sitting at large tables -- was evident from the beginning . Jennifer Lopez , noticing a distinct rumble of chatter as she attempted to begin the show , demanded quiet with "  Hello ! Hello ! Mama talkin ' ! " Later , Tom Wilkinson , having won a supporting actor honor for his performance in the miniseries "  John Adams , " forgot the last name of a person he wanted to thank . There were even a couple of TV no-nos on the live broadcast : "  Wrestler " director Aronofsky humorously flashed Rourke a middle finger as Rourke talked about how hard Aronofsky worked the cast , and one of the "  Slumdog " producers uttered the F-word upon seeing he was being rushed through his speech . It was the kind of party people have come to expect from the Globes , a show in which Jack Nicholson once bared his backside and Christine Lahti once was engaged in the ladies ' room upon being named a winner . And , if throwing a glamorous party in these nervous , market-plunging times seems a little unusual , it 's also something Tinseltown does well -- and that people are expecting , participants said before the broadcast . "  I think these things are entertainment , " Mendes told CNN . "  This is people 's escapism . ... I think in that respect they should be embraced . "	"  Slumdog Millionaire " wins best drama ; nets four total wins Mickey Rourke wins best actor in a drama for "  The Wrestler " Kate Winslet wins two Golden Globes -- one for actress , another for supporting Heath Ledger wins best supporting actor for "  The Dark Knight "
CNN  -- Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. was booked Friday into the Clark County , Nevada , detention center to serve a 90-day sentence for a conviction last year on a domestic violence charge , police said . The high-profile athlete will be kept in isolation from the facility 's 3,000 other inmates . "  He will receive one hour free time per day by himself , " the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said in a news release . The undefeated boxer was convicted after police said he punched the mother of his children at his home . Mayweather had been set to go to jail earlier this year , but a Nevada judge pushed back his reporting date so that the boxer could compete last month against WBA super-welterweight champion Miguel Cotto . Mayweather , whose nickname is "  Money , " won a unanimous decision in the Las Vegas fight , which paid him $ 32 million . A Michigan native , Mayweather has won seven titles in various weight classes since turning pro in 1996 . A picture posted on his website and dated Thursday showed Mayweather seated on a footstool and leaning back on a pillow as he received a pedicure .	The undefeated champion will serve a 90-day sentence He was convicted last year of domestic violence Mayweather is to be kept apart from the other inmates
Rolling Stone  -- In the new issue of Rolling Stone , on stands in the digital archives this Friday , Phil Collins says he believes that he may have lived past lives -- and that he 's contemplated suicide . The reclusive singer -- who has n't released an album of new material in nearly ten years -- took writer Erik Hedegaard into his surprisingly modest home in Switzerland and explained that most of his time is now spent working on his gigantic collection of artifacts from the Alamo and raising his two young sons from his last marriage . Photos : Thirty Years of Genesis Decades of criticism have taken their toll , and Collins says he has little desire to create more music beyond his new disc of Motown covers , Going Back . Rolling Stone : Collins ' Motown road show brings soul classics "  I sometimes think I 'm going to write this Phil Collins character out of the story , " the singer says . "  Phil Collins will just disappear or be murdered in some hotel bedroom , and people will say , ` What happened to Phil ? ' And the answer will be , ` He got murdered , but , yeah , anyway , let 's carry on . ' That kind of thing . " Other highlights from the article : • Collins has noticed glowing , semitransparent light orbs in a series of photos he took at the Alamo . "  It 's paranormal energy , " he explains , noting that a psychic recently told him he fought at the fort in a previous lifetime . "  I do n't want to sound like a weirdo . I 'm not Shirley MacLaine , but I 'm prepared to believe . You 've seen the pictures . You ca n't deny them , so therefore it 's possible that I was there in another life . " Rolling Stone : Collins on overcoming nerve damage • A neck injury has left him unable to hold drum sticks , sign his signature or even  at times  wipe himself in the bathroom . "  I was going to stop drumming anyway , " he says . "  I had stopped . I do n't miss it . " • Collins admits that he 's had suicidal thoughts in recent years . "  I would n't blow my head off , " he says . "  I 'd overdose or do something that did n't hurt . But I would n't do that to the children . A comedian who committed suicide in the sixties left a note saying , ` Too many things went wrong too often . ' I often think about that . " Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Singer Phil Collins says he believes that he may have lived past lives His time is now spent working on his gigantic collection of artifacts from the Alamo Neck injury has left him unable to hold drum sticks , sign his signature "  I would n't blow my head off , " Collins says . "  I 'd overdose or do something "
CNN  -- An Indiana man is demanding a direct apology from a Transportation Security Administration agent in Florida who , the man says , spilled his grandfather 's ashes during an airport bag check and then laughed off the incident . And John Gross is also demanding that the TSA release any security surveillance tapes of the incident , tapes that the federal agency said simply do n't exist . Gross , 30 , was returning home from visiting family in Orlando , Florida , on June 19 , carrying with him a portion of his grandfather 's ashes that had been passed along by an uncle -- a "  real sentimental kind of guy , " said Gross -- when he approached TSA screeners . A female agent wearing blue latex gloves inspected the contents of his bag , says Gross , including the jar clearly labeled "  Human Remains . " Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' "  I said , ` Please be careful , these are my grandpa 's ashes , ' " Gross told CNN Wednesday . But , he said , the agent proceeded to stick her finger in the jar then accidentally spilled its contents on the airport floor . She then laughed , according to Gross , not an uproarious cackle , but a chuckle that he found offensive nonetheless . "  She thought it was funny , " he said . "  I wanted to smack her . " While not directly contradicting Gross , the TSA said it believes his sequence of events is incorrect . Triumphs and woes : A timeline of the TSA 's evolution "  Our initial review concluded that the circumstances as described in some reports are inconsistent with what we believe transpired , " an initial statement from the TSA said . That pronouncement prompted Gross , who said he would otherwise be content to drop his contention , to once again assail the agency . "  I do n't want this to continue , " he said Wednesday in an interview with CNN , but "  now I 'm really heated because the TSA is coming back and saying there 's inconsistencies in the reports . " Report : TSA security breaches mishandled The TSA statement added that "  under no circumstances should a container holding remains be opened . " "  TSA recognizes the importance of screening human remains with utmost respect and dignity while remaining vigilant of our security mission to protect the traveling public , " its statement said . TSA spokesman David Castelveter said Tuesday that there is no surveillance video relevant to the episode , and the agency followed that on Wednesday by adding that the security cameras in question are being upgraded . Gross , however , said he believes the agency is concealing the truth . "  If they do n't have any tapes , it obviously shows they are hiding something , " he told CNN . The situation calmed later Wednesday , after Gross said he received what he viewed as a "  sincere " and "  heartfelt " apology from a TSA administrator , but he was still bothered by the federal agency 's public declaration that his story had "  inconsistencies " with what the TSA said happened . And he still wanted "  the apology from the person who did it ... " As for the spilled ashes of his grandfather , Gross said he did the best he could to recover as much as possible . "  I could n't get a broom and dust pan , but I picked up the bigger pieces on the ground and I put them in the jar , " Gross said . "  But not everything . I tried getting what I could but there was a long line behind me . " No-fly ` glitch ' has toddler removed from plane	John Gross was carrying his grandfather 's ashes through airport security He says a TSA screener accidentally spilled the ashes , then laughed off the incident Gross says he 's received a "  heartfelt " apology from a TSA administrator But he wants to hear directly from the screener , and he wants security tapes released
CNN  -- A radio host pointed it out to me on my book tour , with alarm : a chapter in my new book -- written three years ago about my president , Goodluck Jonathan , and his handling of Boko Haram , terror and insecurity in Nigeria -- could have been written today , almost word for word . "  The truth is that I do n't feel safe , " I wrote in "  Searching for a Vote of Confidence . " "  I , like many others living in Nigeria , will myself to feel safe , knowing I must take the risk and get onto the roads each day ; we have no choice . But when it comes to the meat of it , you can not possibly , really feel safe . Children have been kidnapped ; average Nigerians ' parents , "  big men "  the elite  , "  oyinbos "  foreigners  , and celebrities -- from the forbidding Pete Edochie to the clownish Mr. Ibu -- have been kidnapped ; government officials have been kidnapped , and now youth corps members have been kidnapped . " Three years later , it has n't gotten even the slightest inch better . On 14 April 2014 , it happened again -- like Nigeria had never seen before . More than 200 girls were taken from school in the dead of night , by deadly terrorists with Boko Haram , in Chibok , northeastern Nigeria . It is more than two months later and we are desperate with hopelessness ; we do n't know when the girls will be back or , to hear a former president , Olusegun Obasanjo , tell it , if they will be back at all . According to a New York Times report , the Nigerian military is  and it hurts deeply to see this  rendered incompetent based on a collage of factors including corruption , lack of modern training , inadequate equipment and vanished morale . The Nigerian government , which is responsible for this state of affairs , has sadly shown no public will to focus on this matter until the girls are brought home . First , the president and his men were silent after the kidnap , for about two weeks , until Nigerians took to the streets , and the world paid attention . Next , it engaged in a shameful back and forth with the equally disappointing governor of Borno , the state from which the girls were kidnapped . Not done , it turned against its own citizens for shaming it into action . First , it asked protesters , with dripping disdain , to take their protests to the terrorists . Then it claimed a #BringBackOurGirls protest had been hijacked by the opposition party . When all of these threats failed , it moved into action . There have been accusations that government buses took touts to disrupt peaceful protests demanding better ; the police commissioner in charge of Abuja -- forgetting briefly that the military left in 1999 , apparently banned public protest -- although he later denied there was a ban . One of the president 's advisers has given himself to farce , branding the informal head of the protests Obiageli Ezekwesili -- who co-founded Transparency International , was vice president of the World Bank 's Africa division and has heroically given her life to this cause -- as "  an opportunist who profits from national tragedy . " While all of this is going on , Boko Haram continues to brazenly terrorize Nigerians . On June 18 Boko Haram was reported to have abducted 60 females , including children , and killed 30 men in a raid on a village in northeastern Nigeria . And just as this piece is filed , reports come in of another explosion -- the third this year -- in Abuja , the nation 's capital , taking the lives of at least 21 people . We are , clearly , on our own . You hear Nigerian intellectuals say all the time -- sometimes with irritating smugness -- that Chinua Achebe 's seminal "  The Trouble With Nigeria , " written in 1987 when I was two , could have been written today and every word would yet be relevant . They are sadly right . "  The trouble with Nigeria is simply and squarely a failure of leadership , " Achebe wrote in the book . That much is true about the kidnapped Chibok Girls . This is why citizens have refused to let #BringBackOurGirls die , more than two months after . That is why the hashtag continues to dominate conversation , protesters have refused to leave the streets , and why this is almost surely going to be an election issue . From the opposition government of Borno to the ruling government at the center , citizens will be asking why Nigerians should be punished with incompetent , thoughtless leaders who choose politics over effectiveness , pettiness over responsibility . The problem starts from our president . We really have to ask Goodluck Jonathan what he 's up to , I wrote those three years ago . It is very difficult to look at our state of affairs at the moment and deliver a vote of confidence . Officials will have us believe everything is being done behind the scenes -- but governance is not a matter of faith . It is a matter of facts . We ca n't simply trust that the president has good intentions and knows what he is doing . Government must be seen to be working . A people can not simply have faith in their government ; the government must earn the trust of its people . A leader can not afford to amble on , assured in his sense of destiny , without giving the followers that same sense of confidence . It is a leader 's duty to lead . If our kidnapped girls are not home yet , do not be deceived ; it is not a question solely of international terrorism or porous borders . Nigeria 's problems go deeper than that -- we are cursed with leaders who can not see beyond their noses , captains with no capacity for vision . On #BringBackOurGirls , Nigerians desperately need their leaders to lead . They will have no peace until they do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chude Jideonwo .	Nigeria "  desperate with hopelessness " over kidnapped girls , says Chude Jideonwo He criticizes the country 's leaders for their inaction "  The government must earn the trust of its people , " he says
CNN  -- A southwestern Missouri man has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of 10-year-old Hailey Owens . Craig Michael Wood , 45 , of Springfield , was also charged with armed criminal action and child kidnapping , Greene County Prosecuting Attorney Dan Patterson told reporters Wednesday . He praised the community 's response to the case . "  It is a tragedy that it was not quick enough to save Hailey , " Patterson said . Wood is being held without bond . Hailey 's body was found earlier at a home where Wood 's been living , police said . She was allegedly abducted Tuesday afternoon . An Amber Alert was issued after two witnesses told police that a man pulled Hailey , of Springfield , into a gold Ford Ranger , while she was walking about a block from her home , according to a probable cause document . The man pulled up next to the girl and asked her for directions , one of the witnesses said . Hailey turned away from the car . The man opened his driver 's - side door and motioned for her to come back , according to the witness . She took a couple of steps closer , and the man "  lunged out of the vehicle , grabbed the girl with his left hand and threw her into the truck ` like a rag doll , ' " the probable cause document said . Both witnesses gave the same description of the man and his vehicle , and one of them was able to get the license plate number . Police traced the plates back to Wood 's parents , who told them that their son drove the car . Police went to Wood 's home on Tuesday night and , after he drove up to the residence , took him in for questioning . Officers who did an initial search of the house for Hailey could smell bleach in the basement , and the floor was wet . After getting a search warrant , investigators found Hailey 's body in a storage bin . She had suffered what appeared to be a gunshot to her head , according to police . It was n't immediately clear whether Hailey knew Wood . Since 1998 , Wood has been employed by Springfield Public Schools , working as a paraprofessional and athletic coach at Pleasant View K-8 School , according to a statement from the schools . He has since been suspended . Hailey was a student at Westport Elementary School . She attended Bowerman Elementary School last year . "  Last night we learned the terrible news that one of our students had been abducted near her home . This morning , our sadness is compounded by the recent developments in the case of Hailey Owens ' abduction , " said Superintendent Norm Ridder . He added : "  Students and staff at three of our schools are coping with this situation . To support these school communities directly impacted by this tragedy , I have assigned additional counseling staff and school police officers to be on hand until further notice . "	Craig Michael Wood , 45 , is charged with first-degree murder He 's being held without bond , an official says Hailey Owens , 10 , was abducted in Springfield , Missouri , Tuesday afternoon It was n't immediately clear whether the girl knew her alleged killer
CNN  -- Today is a landmark anniversary for Tim Berners-Lee . In March 1989 he wrote a proposal to his employers at CERN for a somewhat abstract "  global hypertext " system he called Mesh . A year later he re-named that system the World Wide Web . It caught on . A quarter of a century later , Berners-Lee is like a proud father , seeing his baby all grown up and making its way in the world without him . "  I feel a certain amount of inventor 's pride , " he tells CNN . "  My greatest pride has been the spirit of collaboration we 've had for the last 25 years . " He 's watched the Web grow through a carefree childhood and turbulent adolescence , reaching the kind of age when things suddenly get more serious , and it 's time to make some important decisions about the future . "  At 25 it 's more like a young adult , " he explains . "  Suddenly it needs its independence ; young adults are at the stage when they 're looking for freedom , and in terms of what they do they 're asserting their rights . "  Now , 25 years on , Web users are realizing they need human rights on the Web ... We need independence of the Web for democracy , we need independence of the Web to be able to support the press , we need independence of the Web in general . It 's becoming very important to sort out all that . " Recent years have been marked by growing pains . Revelations of mass surveillance by the NSA and other agencies have caused international outrage . Arguments over net neutrality persist and copyright wars pitching open-net activists against mainstream creative industries have grown bitter , with Berners-Lee himself criticized at times . The stock and use of illicit material has grown with the dark net . Berners-Lee is clear that our ability to speak and associate freely is under threat . The widespread data gathering of the NSA revealed a "  broken " system , he believes , and he praises whistle blowers like Edward Snowden whose leaks expose the excesses . "  When  systems  break the whistle blower is the person who saves society by pointing out something that nobody else will , because it 's illegal , " he says . "  One thing I 'd like to see built in the future is an international convention and international respect for whistle blowers . " If spying is one threat , Berners Lee believes censorship is another . He recalls the situation in Egypt , where the Internet was cut off at the height of anti-government protests in January 2011 . "  For a lot of people that was the first time they realized you could turn it off , and they asked themselves , who could turn it off for me ? " he says , adding that "  turning off the Internet is more or less a signal that the regime does not trust its citizens and that the regime is on the way out . " At 58 , Berners-Lee is not taking a back seat . Having invented the Web once , he hopes to re-invent it through the "  Web We Want " initiative , aiming to create a universal "  Internet Users Bill of Rights . " Key targets of the manifesto include spreading net access to the nearly two thirds of the world that still does n't have it . Establishing clear regulations is also a priority , as is the protection of personal user information . Berners-Lee still enjoys enough power over his creation to make big changes realistic , through two authorities he founded and continues to lead . The World Wide Web Consortium  WC3  determines standards for all Web infrastructure , backed by the world 's leading academic institutions and software developers . The Web Foundation manages the spread and ethical application of the Web , bringing pressure to bear on governments through initiatives such as The Web Index , which ranks nations by Internet access standards . The Web We Want campaign will rely on mass mobilization across industries , nations and activist bodies to succeed , but Berners-Lee is confident of fostering a spirit of cooperation . He has seen it before and considers it the Web 's greatest accomplishment . "  It 's really a story of collaboration , people working painstakingly on getting protocols right ... There 's an international spirit that ignores boundaries , " he says . As for what the Web will look like over the next 25 years , as it enters its middle age , Berners Lee sees a smarter Web emerging , with users empowered by the huge amounts of personal information collected as part of the "  Web of data " -- information that could help personalize our Web experience . "  People are worrying about what other people are doing with their data , " he says , "  but they have n't realized what they can do with their own data . " As we grow more connected to , and reliant on , the Web , so the potential for abuse increases . How we use such a powerful tool amounts to a test of our species , says Berners-Lee , but it 's one he is confident we can pass together . "  In general the Web enables humanity to be more powerful and that power can be used for good things and to do horrible things -- but on balance when it comes to humanity I 'm a tremendous optimist . " In pictures : What the Internet really looks like	Tim Berners-Lee wrote the original proposal for the World Wide Web in March 1989 He is a champion of Web rights and warns of the threat from surveillance and censorship At 25 the Web is like a "  young adult , " he says . "  It needs its independence "
CNN  -- Peru and Yale University have reached an agreement that will return a massive collection of pre-Columbian Inca artifacts to the South American country -- a settlement that could end a lengthy dispute over relics excavated nearly a century ago . A high-level university representative pledged in a 90-minute meeting Friday to return the artifacts excavated from the ancient Inca ruins of Machu Picchu , Peruvian President Alan Garcia said . "  The Peruvian government is grateful for this decision and recognizes that Yale University conserved these parts and pieces that otherwise would have been dispersed in private collections throughout the world , and perhaps would have disappeared , " Garcia said in a statement . Yale also expressed its satisfaction that the disagreement may be over . "  Yale is very pleased with the positive developments in the discussions about the return of Machu Picchu artifacts to Peru , " the university said in a statement Saturday . "  It has always been Yale 's desire to reach an agreement that honors Peru 's rich history and cultural heritage and recognizes the world 's interest in ongoing public and scholarly access to that heritage . " The controversy had taken on added heat recently , with Garcia asking U.S. President Barack Obama in June to help Peru regain custody of the artifacts . Thousands of Peruvians also demonstrated in several cities in June demanding the return of the collection . Hopes had remained high in Peru , with Foreign Minister Jose Garcia Belaunde telling CNN two weeks ago that an agreement was expected soon . The pieces would be returned at the beginning of 2011 -- in time for the country 's celebration of the 100th anniversary of Machu Picchu 's rediscovery , Garcia said . The artifacts were excavated from the site by historian Hiram Bingham in 1912 during the first of several expeditions he led to Peru . Bingham was an adjunct professor of Latin American history at Yale between 1907 and 1915 . His collection of archaeological pieces , documents and photographs are housed at the university 's Peabody Museum . After they are returned to Peru , the relics would be handed over to San Antonio Abad del Cusco University , where investigators will continue studying them , Garcia said . Peruvian officials have demanded their return for at least seven years and filed a civil lawsuit against the university in April 2009 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia . Garcia said he hashed out the deal Friday with former Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo , who directs the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization . There are between 4,000 to 40,000 pieces , depending on how they are catalogued , said Yale University spokesman Tom Conroy . But only about 350 are museum quality pieces , he told CNN . John Verano , an anthropologist from Tulane University , studied the skeletons in the Yale collection in 2000 . Much of the Yale collection , he said , consists of shards and fragments , not complete objects that can easily be shown in a museum . "  The collection , " he said , "  is one of the most valuable Inca collections there is . In terms of beauty , though , the collection there is pretty junky . It 's not museum quality . " The controversy over who has rights to the collection stems from Bingham 's expeditions . "  There 's some difference of opinion whether Hiram Bingham had a legitimate permit to export , " Verano said . Peruvian Foreign Minister Garcia Belaunde pointed out that a November 1916 letter from Bingham to the National Geographic Society , which funded the Peru expeditions , stated that the artifacts were on loan . "  Now they do not belong to us , but to the Peruvian government , who allowed us to take them out of the country on condition that they be returned in 18 months , " Bingham wrote about skeletal remains to Gilbert H. Grosvenor of the National Geographic Society . "  The whole matter has assumed a very large importance in the eyes of the Peruvians , who feel that we are trying to rob their country of its treasures , " Bingham wrote in the letter , which CNN obtained from the Peruvian government . But Yale 's stewardship of the artifacts has often been lost in the argument , Verano noted . "  Unfortunately in issues of bureaucracy , the injured party -- in this case Peru -- gets swept up in nationalism and human rights , " the anthropologist said . Machu Picchu , the 15thcentury Inca citadel where the relics were found , is a national treasure in Peru . The government declared the site a Peruvian Historical Sanctuary in 1981 , and the ruins were designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 . That makes the relics even more significant to many Peruvians . "  Machu Picchu is Peru 's premiere self-identity and tourism site , " Verano said , pointing out that the ruin gets 1 million visitors annually and Peru earns $ 100 million in ticket and permit sales . On the flip side , there 's the issue of Yale 's investment . "  Yale spent a lot of infrastructure money conserving the objects and preserving them , " Verano said . Yale could argue , he said , that Peru does not have the facilities to properly store the artifacts . "  It 's true that the infrastructure quality in Peru is very poor , " Verano said . "  There are objects rotting there . " Garcia , Peru 's president , acknowledged those difficulties in his statement Friday . "  With all these goods in Peru , " he said , "  we need a place where the Universidad San Antonio Abad can exhibit them and we will request a supplemental credit to parliament , a budget enabling of the millions required to enable a house , a building where these artifacts can be exhibited , where archaeologists from Cusco , Peru , Yale and around the world can continue its studies . " Yale also may have been reluctant to return the artifacts because it did not want to set a precedent . "  Once a museum returns something , " Verano said , "  other countries would jump in and want something back . " Not to mention , he said , that "  every museum hates to give all their stuff away . " Verano , who has spent every summer for the past 26 years digging through the ruins of north and central Peru , understands each side 's argument . "  I have sympathy for both sides , " he said . "  In this case , there have been missteps and there should have been more diplomacy on both sides . "	A university representative pledges to return the ancient Incan pieces Peruvian president says the government is grateful They will be turned over to a Peruvian university , the president says Peruvian officials have demanded their return for years
Stop worrying about the website and start talking about Obamacare 's benefits . That was President Barack Obama 's message to the nation on Tuesday as he kicked off a three-week public relations blitz intended to generate more participation in his signature health care reforms . A day after officials declared the previously dysfunctional HealthCare.gov website working smoothly for most users , Obama held a White House event to try to shift the focus of a fiercely partisan public debate to how much help the 2010 Affordable Care Act offers Americans in need . He noted the botched website launch of October 1 set back implementation of the reforms , and encouraged supporters to help him reintroduce the law to a still skeptical nation . "  Our poor execution in the first couple months on the website clouded the fact that there are a whole bunch of people who stand to benefit , " Obama said . "  Now that the website 's working for the vast majority of people , we need to make sure that folks refocus on what 's at stake here . " The administration hopes the new ability of HealthCare.gov to handle 800,000 users a day or more without major problems signals a major step forward in getting people to sign up for health coverage now required by law under the reforms . However , officials including Obama , warn that glitches will persist and describe the website as a work in progress . In another potential problem disclosed Tuesday , a Treasury inspector general audit cited possible security weaknesses against potential fraud by people getting government subsidies under Obamacare to lower their health insurance costs . The Internal Revenue Service , which will enforce compliance with the law 's mandate to obtain health coverage , responded that it continues to develop systems to detect and prevent fraud involving subsidies when recipients file their 2014 tax returns . Meanwhile , insurance companies say some "  back-end " aspects of the HealthCare.gov system continued to malfunction . In particular , insurers cite problems with applications from people who signed up through the website , including erroneous or missing information . White House spokesman Jay Carney said tech experts were working on the processing problems , offering assurances they would be fixed in time for enrollment starting on January 1 , 2014 . "  We 're confident that they 'll be able to achieve that , " Carney said . Critics , led by conservative Republicans trying to dismantle the health care reforms known as Obamacare , say the website problems foreshadow deeper failings of the law that passed with no GOP support . "  It 's not just a broken website ; this bill is fundamentally flawed , " House Speaker John Boehner said Tuesday , later adding that "  when you look at Obamacare , what you see is a government-centered health care delivery system . " Americans do n't want that , the Ohio Republican insisted , declaring they instead "  want to be able to pick their own type of health insurance , they want to be able to pick their own doctor and they want to be able to pick their own hospital . " Obama challenged Boehner and other Republicans to come up with something better instead of simply opposing and trying to obstruct the implementation of Obamacare . "  We may never satisfy the law 's opponents , " he told an audience of supporters at the White House , including embattled Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , whose department oversees the reforms . The President listed specific benefits , such as an end to lifetime caps on coverage and denial of coverage due to pre-existing conditions . Because of Obamacare , parents can keep their children on family policies up to age 26 , and people can get free mammograms and other screening . Now , he said , the 1 million visitors to HealthCare.gov on Monday showed the robust public interest in new health insurance exchanges under the reforms . "  Some have already convinced themselves that the law has failed , regardless of the evidence , " Obama said , prompting applause when he rejected Republican efforts to delay or dismantle the reforms . "  We 're not repealing it as long as I 'm President , " he said , adding "  We 're not going to walk away from it . If I 've got to fight another three years to make sure this law works , then that 's what I 'll do . " In a blog post on Tuesday , the Department of Health and Human Services announced that more than 1.46 million people have been added to Medicaid and Children 's Health Insurance Program rolls due to expanded services under the health care reforms . The Affordable Care Act offered states additional federal funding to offer Medicaid and CHIP coverage to more low-income Americans . So far , 24 states and the District of Columbia have accepted the expansion funding while three others are still deciding and 23 have declined . More events will occur daily through December 23 , the deadline for people to get coverage that will take effect on January 1 . A new-found confidence Over the weekend , officials announced they had met their self-imposed November 30 deadline for getting the site working for the "  vast majority " of users , saying response times and error rates had been slashed while capacity increased . Jeffrey Zients , a former administration official brought in to oversee the website fixes after its launch , compared the hardware upgrades so far to widening a highway on-ramp from two lanes to four . That means chronic breakdowns , error messages and delays users experienced two months ago when the website went live have mostly disappeared , he said , noting the average response time was less than 1 second and the system 's "  uptime " -- a measure of system stability -- was consistently surpassing 90 % . It all means that HealthCare.gov can now handle its original intended volume of 50,000 concurrent users for a total of 800,000 visitors a day , according to Zients . A new component that put users in a waiting queue during periods of high volume provided a better-managed delay than the site freezes and error messages of October . The waiting queue also asked users if they wanted to receive an e-mail notifiying them when they could try again at the front of the line . According to an HHS official , 13,000 people requested an e-mail and 60 % of them -- roughly 7,800 -- later returned after getting the email notification . Administration : Obamacare website working smoothly Not all roses in the Rose Garden Vocal throughout the launch of the program and the successive problems , the GOP stayed vigilant with its critique . "  President Obama and his administration repeatedly claimed the Obamacare website would be fully functioning by the end of November , but this has proven to be just another broken promise , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said Monday . "  The Obama administration had over three years to build HealthCare.gov , and all they 've produced is a non-functioning website , wasting hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars . " Obamacare site fix : 5 things to look for Insurers : Site glitches persist In October , the first month of a six-month enrollment period , just over 106,000 people signed up for Obamacare . Less than 27,000 of them did so through the HealthCare.gov website , which was supposed to be the main enrollment portal . An administration official familiar with the matter told CNN that about 100,000 people signed up for coverage last month on the site . The official cautioned the number was preliminary and final numbers would be released in mid-December . Joanne Peters , a Health and Human Services spokeswoman , said enrollment through alternate channels and successful exchanges in 14 states would help bolster November figures . Initial enrollment figures lower than hoped Website progress garners muted reaction from Congress Marilyn Tavenner , the official charged with implementing Obamacare as director of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , told a congressional hearing last month that the administration initially hoped to enroll 800,000 people by the end of November . The overall enrollment target by the March 31 deadline for 2014 is 7 million . A properly functioning HealthCare.gov is crucial to implementing the most vital provisions of the health law that require people to have health coverage . The coming months will show if it was successful . With website deadline met , Obamacare scrutiny increases	Treasury audit warns of possible Obamacare subsidy fraud President Obama says the health care website works , reforms are "  here to stay " His remarks kick off a public relations offensive for Obamacare Republicans continue relentless attacks on the 2010 Affordable Care Act
CNN  -- Is it ever acceptable to stand by and let people drown ? European leaders seem to think so ; in fact it 's their new policy . This week Mare Nostrum , the search and rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea deployed to help those who get into difficulty while trying to reach the safety of Europe , is due to end . Since it began last year , the Italian naval operation has rescued 150,000 people from death at sea . Tragically , it has also pulled 3,343 bodies from the waves . The Italians have now decided that Mare Nostrum is too costly to bear alone and have asked the rest of Europe for help . But the other European governments have declined , finding it politically expedient to turn their backs on the mothers , fathers and children drowning in the Mediterranean . After all , they 're someone else 's family ; some other country 's problem . Mare Nostrum will be replaced by Operation Triton , run by EU border agency Frontex , from November 1 . Frontex has said the exclusive focus of Triton will be on border control . There will be no search and rescue function . The justification is a classic example of self-serving doublespeak , disingenuously expressed by the UK Foreign Office Minister Baroness Anelay earlier this month when she told Britain 's parliament : "  We do not support planned search and rescue operations in the Mediterranean . "  We believe that they create an unintended ` pull factor ' , encouraging more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing and thereby leading to more tragic and unnecessary deaths . " The British Government 's contention that search and rescue operations are a pull factor is an affront to basic humanity : The suggestion is that if we allow people to drown at sea , it will deter others from setting sail . This is macabre logic . Do liver transplants encourage people to drink more alcohol ? Do seatbelts encourage dangerous driving ? The argument is as flawed as it is chilling . The current increase in boat journeys across the Mediterranean began after Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown in Libya , and reached a peak last summer , when Mare Nostrum was established as a response . People were n't embarking then because they expected to be rescued , and it 's not why they 're embarking now . Our leaders act as if oblivious to the fact that the world is in the grip of the greatest refugee crisis since World War II . Over 50 million people around the world have been forcibly displaced , with the Syrian conflict alone spawning more than 3 million refugees . Those fleeing atrocities will not stop seeking safety in Europe if we stop throwing them life rings . Putting your life in the hands of unscrupulous people smugglers and boarding a rickety , overcrowded boat in Libya will remain a rational decision if your country is in flames and you 're scared for your life . The perversity of the European Union 's inhumane stance is further exposed by the fact that many of those who set sail from North Africa are granted refugee status in EU if they arrive safely , as the majority are Syrians , Eritreans or Somalis . We know these people are likely to need our protection , so why do we make them undertake a deadly journey before we provide it ? The answer is not higher walls around Fortress Europe -- it is to provide more safe and legal channels for people to access protection . People are forced to risk their lives in order to reach safety because they have no other choice . We must provide them with alternatives , and there are plenty of options . We could loosen restrictions on family reunification , establish temporary humanitarian admission programs and offer protected entry visas . Or we could heed the UNHCR 's call for European countries to accept more refugees for resettlement . The majority of the world 's refugees who flee persecution and conflict are unable to travel far beyond the borders of their home country . Developing countries host 86 % of the world 's refugees , with thousands forced to live in refugee camps for years . A resettlement place is a lifeline . It offers the chance of sleeping in a real bed ; of ensuring children have a decent education ; of accessing running water ; of hope . UNHCR estimates that , today , 691,000 refugees around the world are in urgent need of resettlement . These people will never be able to go home , and are unable to rebuild their lives in the poor countries to which they have fled . Currently , the number of resettlement places offered by EU countries is pitiful : emergency programs aside , only 5,500 resettlement places are available annually . The UK 's contribution is a meager 750 . EU leaders must not close their eyes or turn their backs to this refugee crisis . More can and should be done to help . Pulling up the drawbridge to Fortress Europe will only consign more desperate , scared people to death by drowning , with their bodies washing up on the beaches of Southern Europe . READ MORE : 40,000 migrant deaths since 2000 : Report READ MORE : ` Laughing ' traffickers ram boat , kill 500 READ MORE : Italy 's navy rescues 6,000 migrants in four days	Italy 's search and rescue operation for migrants crossing Mediterranean Sea to end Politicians claim it encourages more people to try and make their way to Europe by sea Refugee advocate Maurice Wren insists their "  argument is as flawed as it is chilling " "  Those fleeing atrocities will not stop seeking safety in Europe if we stop throwing them life rings "
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy submarine and a Navy amphibious ship that collided Friday in the Strait of Hormuz south of Iran have arrived in Bahrain to be assessed for damage , the Navy said . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans are shown in Navy photos . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans arrived Saturday in Mina Salman pier to "  to further assess and evaluate the damage that resulted from their collision at sea , " the service said in a written statement . Fifteen sailors were slightly hurt aboard the Hartford in the collision , which occurred early Friday morning . On Friday , Navy officials in Washington told CNN that there was significant damage to the sail , or tower-like structure on the topside of the submarine . On Saturday , the Navy said there was no damage to the submarine 's propulsion unit . No injuries were reported aboard the New Orleans . The ship 's fuel tank ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of marine diesel fuel in the Strait of Hormuz , the U.S. Navy said in the Saturday statement . "  Aerial searches of the area where the fuel spill occurred were conducted yesterday , and revealed no indication of any remaining fuel on the ocean 's surface , " the Navy said . "  The quick dissipation of the fuel is likely due to the type of fuel , and various environmental factors to include air and water temperatures , winds and seas . " When the collision occurred , both vessels were headed to ports in the Persian Gulf to stock up on provisions and allow for some recreation , Navy spokesman Lt. Nate Christensen said Friday . Christensen said there were about 200 sailors in the sub and 1,000 sailors and Marines aboard the ship . The Strait of Hormuz is located between the United Arab Emirates and Iran , linking the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It is heavily used by oil tankers . Both vessels are on regularly scheduled deployments to the U.S. Navy Central Command area of responsibility , and conduct Maritime Security Operations .	Vessels in Bahrain "  to further assess and evaluate the damage , " says Navy USS Hartford , USS New Orleans collided near Arabian Peninsula 15 sailors on Hartford slightly injured Fuel tank on New Orleans ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of fuel
CNN  -- Mali is a ticking time bomb . Once hailed as a model of democracy in Africa , a coup and an uprising of Islamist militants in the north threatens to create an arc of instability for the continent . The militants have destroyed ancient shrines , once a major draw for Islamic scholars from around the world . They have banned music . And reports of human rights abuses grow daily , including the public stoning death of a couple accused of having an affair . International leaders , concerned that al Qaeda will capitalize on the chaos and set up a haven there , are considering sending troops to Mali soon to reclaim a large portion of the north from extremists . What 's the story behind the instability ? Mali gained independence from France in 1960 . The landlocked West African nation went through growing pains after independence , including droughts , rebellions and years of military dictatorship . It held its first democratic elections in 1992 , and had a strong democracy for the most part . That was until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , undermining the nation 's growing economy and relative social stability . What led to the coup ? A group of outraged soldiers accused the government of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the north . On March 22 , a riot erupted at a military camp a few miles from the presidential palace in the capital of Bamako . Disgruntled soldiers marched to the palace . A few hours later , a soldier appeared on state television and said the military was in control of the nation . The president was nowhere to be found . The Tuareg rebels took advantage of the power vacuum and seized some parts of the north . They have always wanted independence , and have staged several rebellions since the 1960s . After Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was killed and Libya plunged into chaos , his weapons became available . The Tuareg -- many of whom fought for him -- seized them and took up arms against the Malian government . How did the north end up in the hands of Islamist militants ? After Tuareg rebels seized it , a power struggle erupted with local Islamist radicals . The Islamist extremists toppled the tribe and seized control of two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . Various factions of al Qaeda-linked militants are reportedly in the area , including Ansar Dine . The international community is also worried that al Qaeda 's north African wing is expanding into Mali . U.S. officials have said that the wing , the al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , is linked to the deadly Benghazi attack that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three others . Why does the instability concern the international community ? The international community is concerned that al Qaeda will capitalize on the chaos to set up a haven there . The area is remote and hard to access , making it an appealing location for the militants . Tuareg rebels have retreated from the well-armed militants , but have vowed to fight back against the Islamists . The Tuareg want their own country in the north , which they call Azawad . And as the world seeks a solution , the Islamist militants are busy applying their strict interpretation of sharia law . What are some of the human rights concerns in Mali ? Islamists controlling most of the north have vowed to impose a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . "  We do n't have to answer to anyone over the application of sharia , " Islamist commissioner Aliou Toure said in August . Locals are not receptive to the extreme interpretations ; they practice a much more relaxed form of Islam . Some have taken to the streets in protest . As part of their new laws , the radical groups banned music , a major setback for a country known for "  Festival au Desert , " where acts like Robert Plant and Bono have performed . They 've also said no to smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . At least four times this year , the militants have destroyed Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines , claiming the relics are idolatrous . The picturesque city was once an important destination for Islamic scholars for its ancient and prominent burial sites . Rights groups have expressed concerns of mounting human rights abuses . The militants are compiling a list of mothers who 've had children out of wedlock , raising fears of cruel punishments , according to the United Nations . They have also condemned relationships outside marriage , and publicly stoned a couple to death in July for reportedly having an affair . Terrified residents watched quietly . Public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhuman punishments are becoming common , the United Nations says . Is military intervention next ? West African states and international leaders say a rapid military intervention is essential to solving the security crisis . During a meeting in the Malian capital on October 19 , the U.N. deputy secretary-general said the world body is ready to bring military planners and security advisers . The meeting was a followup to an October 12 resolution by the U.N. Security Council that gave regional leaders 45 days to provide detailed plans for an international military intervention "  This is a threat we can not afford to take lightly , and the danger extends far beyond Africa , " said Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , chief of the African Union Commission . "  The sooner we deal with it , the better . " What is the public opinion on military intervention ? Opinions are varied . Malians for and against military intervention have protested in recent days , highlighting a divide in the citizens ' outlook . While some analysts agree quashing the rebels is vital , they are urging caution . "  The human cost could be high -- fighting urban warfare in cities against an enemy who does not wear a uniform and can easily blend into the civilian population , " said Ayo Johnson of ViewPoint Africa , which sells content on the continent to the media . "  There will be many casualties and civilian deaths caught in the crossfire . " Johnson said the influx of refugees streaming to bordering nations will be a burden on neighboring host countries already dealing with lack of adequate services such as health care , schools and water . In addition to the fleeing the conflict , throngs of Malians are living in neighboring nations to avoid a food shortage affecting the Sahel region . More than 16 million people in the Sahel region are affected by the food shortages and malnutrition , according to the United Nations .	Mali , once hailed as a model of democracy , is a time bomb Northern parts of Mali have been taken over by Islamist extremists Militants have destroyed ancient shrines , banned music
Attorneys for the family of a 17-year-old student found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at a southern Georgia high school called on authorities Thursday to release surveillance video that they say could show what happened . Kendrick Johnson , they allege , was slain in January -- counter to authorities ' conclusions that the three-sport athlete suffocated in the mat while reaching for a sneaker . "  There is one eyewitness that we know is available -- it is the video recordings made from surveillance cameras there in the gymnasium where the body was found , " attorney Chevene B. King Jr. told reporters in Valdosta , Georgia . "  For some unknown reason , this tape has been withheld , " he added . Gym mat death shocker : Body stuffed with newspaper Attorney Benjamin Crump , who recently joined the case after representing the family of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , said that Johnson was "  murdered , and we intend to get to the truth of what happened . " Johnson was found dead at Lowndes County High School in Valdosta on January 11 , his body resting headfirst in the rolled wrestling mat . A Georgia Bureau of Investigation autopsy found that he died from positional asphyxia , and the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office determined the death was accidental . But a second autopsy , which a private pathologist conducted at the request of Johnson 's parents in June , found that he died because of "  unexplained , apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma . " Teen 's death not accidental , family 's autopsy finds The Lowndes County sheriff has declared the case closed , and the U.S. Justice Department said in September that it would n't open a civil rights investigation . But Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney for the district that includes Valdosta , is reviewing the case and weighing whether to open his own investigation . ` Getting to the facts ' King acknowledged Thursday that Moore 's office has surveillance material from the school and that he believes Moore is "  making every effort to establish what in fact the ... tapes may show . " Still , King said , he does n't know whether Moore has all the relevant tapes , and he said his team should be permitted to see them -- which he said has n't yet happened . "  I 'm  awaiting  some word from  Moore  as to whether or not " he 'll release the tapes to the team , King said . Moore released a statement saying that "  this is about getting to the facts and the truth , and we want the Johnson family and the community of Valdosta to have confidence in the process . " "  I am cognizant of time , and we continue to move the process along , " he said . King and Crump , watched by a few dozen supporters of Johnson 's family , made their comments on what would have been Johnson 's 18th birthday . Before the news conference , the supporters held signs calling for answers in the death , and chanted refrains like : "  No justice , no peace ! " Johnson 's father , Kenneth Johnson , spoke briefly , asking authorities to give his son "  a good present today . " "  Give us the videotape , " Kenneth Johnson said . Internal organs removed The attorneys ' plea also came after Johnson 's parents told CNN this week that their son 's body and skull had been stuffed with newspaper before burial . That discovery was made during the second autopsy in June . The private pathologist , Dr. William R. Anderson with Forensic Dimensions in Florida , told CNN that every internal organ from the pelvis to the skull was gone when he opened up the teen 's remains . "  We have been let down again , " Kenneth Johnson told CNN . "  When we buried Kendrick , we thought we were burying Kendrick , not half of Kendrick . " During an autopsy , internal organs are generally removed and examined before being returned for burial . GBI spokeswoman Sherry Lang told CNN that after the first autopsy , "  the organs were placed in Johnson 's body , the body was closed , then the body was released to the funeral home . " The funeral home would not comment to CNN . But in a letter to the Johnsons ' attorney , funeral home owner Antonio Harrington said his firm never received the teen 's organs . Harrington wrote that the organs "  were destroyed through natural process " due to the position of Kendrick Johnson 's body when he died , and "  discarded by the prosector before the body was sent back to Valdosta . " A prosector dissects the body for pathological examination . King said Thursday that his team would take a close look at what happened to the body between the first autopsy and the burial .	Attorney : "  For some unknown reason , this tape has been withheld " Kendrick Johnson , 17 , was found upside down in a rolled-up gym mat at high school Second autopsy : Teen 's death caused by "  apparent non-accidental " trauma Georgia law enforcement had said his death was accidental
Sen. John McCain went on Comedy Central 's "  Colbert Report " Monday night with the intention of talking about his new book , "  13 Soldiers , " but he left with an endorsement for another presidential bid . After McCain said that Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel was never "  the right man " for the job , Colbert asked him whether he was on the show to announce his ambitions for the post . "  Actually I was thinking about running for president again , " McCain joked . "  What do you think ? " Following a roar of cheers , a stunned Colbert endorsed the five-term Arizona senator . "  You would have the full resources of the ` Colbert Report ' at your back in 2016 , if it were still on the air , " he said , a reference to how Colbert 's show will end after he takes over CBS 's "  The Late Show " next year . How to run for president from the Senate Instead , McCain , who has served in the Senate for 30 years , might need his help in another race that year : his potential Senate reelection . Earlier last month McCain told Arizona reporters that he is "  strongly considering " and "  leaning towards " another bid . While he has yet to announce his decision , McCain may want to stick around a little bit longer now that he 's been elected the new chairman of the Armed Services Committee . The senator , who has proudly touted his experience as a Vietnam War solider , has been a tough critic against President Barack Obama 's recent foreign policy decisions in the fight against ISIS . McCain told Colbert that boots will inevitably touch ground in Syria soon enough , especially if the President is still committed to eradicating ISIS . He said that more Air Force controllers , special forces , and intelligence agents must be sent over to win the fight , but warns against "  a flawed policy " like the one the Bush administration implemented in Iraq and Afghanistan . John McCain 's political comeback "  It 's got to be done in a way that would be more effective than sending in a whole bunch of troops , not sending in the large numbers that we did in Iraq and Afghanistan , " he said . He adds , "  I was against it ... guys like you were calling me the brave maverick , now when I said that Obama 's mishandling it , now he 's the angry old man . I 'm not sure which one I am ! " John McCain : ISIS fight reminds him of Vietnam War	Sen. John McCain jokes that he 's thinking about running in 2016 on the Colbert Report McCain said that he is "  leaning towards " another Senate reelection bid in 2016 He will chair the Armed Services Committee starting in January 2015
CNN  -- At least 10 people were killed and more than 100 wounded following a pair of bombings Saturday in the southern Thai city of Yala , Thai media reported . The two blasts were the result of bombs stashed in stolen trucks , Police Lt. Gen. Paitoon Chuchaiya told CNN affiliate MCOT . Video from the scene showed damage to buildings , cars and motorcycles on the street . The blasts set fires to nearby vehicles , including a van , which itself exploded , leading to initial reports of a third bomb , Chuchaiya said . Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said she has been informed of the Yala bombings and has instructed national police chief Gen. Prewpan Dhamapong to investigate the crime scene immediately , according to MCOT . Police investigators believe suspected insurgents are behind the attacks , MCOT said . Last month , a series of bombs detonated in Bangkok . No one was killed in those blasts , and an Iranian suspect was arrested in connection with the incident .	Police : Two apparent car bombs exploded in the city of Yala At least 10 people were killed and more than 100 injured Bangkok was hit by a series of bombings last month
The Hollywood Reporter  It may be time to light the lights . ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "  The Muppets , " The Hollywood Reporter has learned . "  The Big Bang Theory " co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at May 's upfront presentation to Madison Avenue advertisers . Sources tell THR that the project , if all goes well , could go straight to series . Bob Kushell  "  Anger Management , " "  3rd Rock From the Sun "  will also co-write and is attached to serve as showrunner , with Wilfred 's Randall Einhorn attached to exec produce and direct the presentation . ABC 's "  Muppets " revival is being produced by ABC Studios and The Muppet Studios , which Disney owns . The presentation is set to film next weekend on the Disney lot in Burbank with some of the original Muppet performers returning . Sources say the concept for the presentation includes the regular cast of characters created by Jim Henson -- Kermit the Frog , Fozzie Bear , Gonzo and Animal , among others -- gathering at ABC Studios for a meeting about the new "  Muppet Show . " However , the show wo n't move forward unless Miss Piggy signs on , and her current relationship with frequent love Kermit is on the rocks , preventing the show from getting off the ground . Early plans call for two celebrity cameos -- including Miss Piggy 's current co-star -- as well as new roles including Fozzie 's girlfriend and her parents . For Prady , the revived "  Muppets " -- which landed at ABC after initial interest from Netflix -- marks a return to his roots . The producer , who currently does not have an overall deal , started his career working for Henson in 1982 and ultimately started writing for "  The Jim Henson Hour , " remaining on the series until a year after Henson 's death in 1990 . This marks the second time Prady has attempted to revive "  The Muppets . " The writer-producer shot some test footage before CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory " that Disney ultimately passed on . For his part , Prady earned an Emmy nomination in 1991 for writing tribute "  The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson " in 1990 and has contributed writing to Disney 's Muppet-themed attractions . Should ABC order "  Muppets " to series , Prady would juggle both that project and CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory , " which he exec produces . Created in 1955 by Henson , the original Muppet characters appeared on "  Sam and Friends " from 1955-61 before going on to appear on late-night talk shows and commercials and becoming a regular part of "  Sesame Street " in 1969 . "  The Muppet Show " launched on its own as a comedy-variety series and ran from 1976-81 , with Kermit serving as the de-facto showrunner on the syndicated series that was produced out of the U.K. . The franchise has spawned multiple movies  1979 's "  The Muppet Movie , " 1981 's "  The Great Muppet Caper , " 1984 's "  The Muppets Take Manhattan "  as well as NBC 's 1989 series "  The Jim Henson Hour . " Following Henson 's death , the franchise continued with "  Muppets Tonight " airing on ABC in 1996 with reruns airing on sibling Disney Channel from 1997-2000 . That was the last television series to feature the Muppets characters . On the feature side , the franchise featured 1992 's "  The Muppet Christmas Carol , " 1996 's "  Muppet Treasure Island " and 1999 's "  Muppets From Space , " the latter two of which were co-produced by Disney , who acquired rights to the Muppets in 2004 and formed The Muppets Studio . The company rebranded the franchise in 2008 with Jason Segel 's "  The Muppets , " with an eighth feature in the franchise , "  Muppets Most Wanted " bowing in 2014 . For ABC , the Muppets revival comes as variety shows are in the midst of a resurgence on the broadcast networks . NBC has made the format a priority , unspooling Marlon Wayans-hosted celebrity variety series "  I Can Do That ! " in the summer and has Neil Patrick Harris entry "  Saturday Night Takeaway " in the works . The decision to revive "  The Muppets " also comes as remakes and reboots are having their moment in the sun on the small-screen , as broadcast networks look to fan bases for existing franchises to help cut through the clutter and draw eyeballs in an increasingly crowded scripted space . On the comedy side , "  The Muppets " arrives as it has become increasingly challenging to launch original scripted half-hours . Prady is repped by Rothman Brecher and Lichter Grossman ; Kushell is with ICM Partners ; Einhorn is with WME , Odenkirk Provissiero and Bloom Hergott . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	"  The Muppets " might return to television on ABC "  The Big Bang Theory " co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing a pilot script The old Muppet gang would return for the variety show
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Officials say two men in Iran have been stoned to death for adultery and murder , while another escaped death by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried to face a similar fate , according to media reports . The sentences follow sharp criticism by human rights groups of Iran 's use of such punishments . Judiciary spokesman Alireza Jamshidi on Tuesday told reporters about the stonings , which took place in the northeastern city of Mashhad about 20 days ago , the reports said . According to the Mashhad prosecutor , the men committed various crimes , including adultery and murder , Jamshidi said . In the practice , the men are buried up to their chests and people pelt them with stones until they die . A third was supposed to have been stoned to death . However , he freed himself by climbing out of the stone hole . He still awaits punishment . "  Stoning is a horrific practice , designed to increase the suffering of those facing execution , and it has no place in the modern world , " Amnesty International said last year . Jamshidi said Iran 's judiciary chief , Ayatollah Heshemi Shahroudi , had made recommendations that would ban the practice and said that a measure has been introduced in Parliament to stop the punishment . But "  until this measure is approved and becomes law , the judges have the independence not to pay heed to the recommendations of the Judiciary chief , " Jamshidi said . Amnesty said in a report last year that Iran 's penal code allows execution by stoning as the penalty for adultery . The group said the law calls for stones "  large enough to cause pain , but not so large as to kill the victim immediately . " In August , Amnesty International issued a statement welcoming an announcement that stoning had been suspended and several women had their sentences commuted . In that announcement , the group said at least one stoning execution was carried out in 2007 in Qazvin province and a woman and a man were known to have been stoned to death in Mashhad in May 2006 . "  The majority of those sentenced to death by stoning are women . Women are not treated equally with men under the law and by courts , and they are also particularly vulnerable to unfair trials because their higher illiteracy rate makes them more likely to sign confessions to crimes they did not commit , " Amnesty said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Officials say two men in Iran stoned to death for adultery and murder Country heavily criticized for its use of stoning punishment One man escaped death by digging his way out of hole where he was buried
CNN  Scarlett Johansson has become the go-to woman for action movies . After major turns in movies such as "  The Avengers " and "  Lucy , " Variety reports that the actress won the lead role in DreamWorks ' live-action version of "  Ghost in the Shell . " Johansson 's casting lit up social media on Monday because of the hardcore fan base from the original anime film from 1995 , which was based on a manga series . The original film is considered a cyberpunk classic . It 's about a future society where people have cyberbrains , allowing them to plug into computer networks . A police force is assigned specifically to track down hackers , including the movie 's main character , Major Motoko Kusanagi . Part science fiction , part crime drama , it has been praised for what were then advanced animation techniques . DreamWorks ' Steven Spielberg has been wanting to adapt the movie for many years , and Rupert Sanders is attached to direct .	Scarlett Johansson has been cast in adaptation of "  Ghost in the Shell , " Variety reports The live-action movie is to be based on a classic anime film It would be the latest action role for Johansson after "  Avengers , " "  Lucy "
WIRED  -- Who says Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has no sense of humor when it comes to "  The Social Network , " the Oscar-nominated film which he has said got nothing right except his T-shirt collection ? Zuckerberg made a very sporting cameo tonight on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live , " running lines with guest host Jesse Eisenberg and SNL player  and frequent Zuckerberg "  impersonator "  Andy Samberg , during the show 's opening monologue . As Samberg and Eisenberg -- Oscar-nominated for his portrayal of Zuckerberg in "  The Social Network " -- bantered on stage , the camera cut away to the real Zuckerberg in trademark T-shirt and hoodie off stage with show producer Lorne Michaels . "  Those guys are just nerds , " said Zuckerberg , whose company was recently valued at $ 50 billion and is perhaps the wealthiest person ever to take the SNL stage . "  I invented ` poking it ! ' " Moments later Zuckerberg joined Eisenberg and Samberg as they were comparing notes on how they each nail their own impressions of the Facebook CEO . "  I wear this sweatshirt and I say , "  I am Mark Zuckerberg , " Samberg shared . "  Have you not met , " Samberg asked , as both Zuckerberg and Eisenberg shook their heads . "  AWK-BERRRRRG WAAAARD ! " he said , bowing out . Faux nervous silence ensued . "  I really liked you on '60 Minutes , ' " Eisenberg finally offered . "  You ... ever end up seeing the film ? " Zuckberg nods . "  And what did you think ? " Eisenberg asked . "  It was ... interesting , " Zuckerberg replied . "  OK -- I 'll take it . " WIRED : Why Zuckerberg should like ` The Social Network ' Then Zuckerberg introduced the program and it was all , handshakes , smiles and pats on the back . Zuckerberg , still all smiles , stuck it out for the entire 90-minutes program , taking a final bow with Eisenberg at 1 a.m. Maybe he 'll even put in an appearance at the wrap party . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Zuckerberg makes a sporting cameo on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " Facebook founder runs lines with guest host Jesse Eisenberg Zuckerberg is perhaps the wealthiest person to ever take the SNL stage
CNN  -- The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family 's "  lives were just changed forever " by the tragedy . Chip Auman said his 18-year-old daughter survived the fire but was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation . "  The thought of losing a child is unimaginable to me , and as a father my heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation , " he said . Auman said the situation was "  hard to fathom . " "  There 's just no words to describe what we 've been going through , " he said , asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died . "  We 're numb , we 're confused , we 're heartbroken . " Two college campuses mourned Monday . Six University of South Carolina students and a Clemson University student died in the fire early Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina . Six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time . The six were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital , but Auman 's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville , South Carolina . Authorities from the state Bureau of Investigation and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire . Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith said the house was "  engulfed " in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after being notified . The flames shot into the sky and ultimately left little more than portions of the framing . Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved . Watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire " Dennis A. Pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the University of South Carolina , said investigators have said it would be Tuesday or Wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . It could be as much as a month until investigators know the cause of the fire , Pruitt said . The university did not cancel classes on Monday , but Pruitt said arrangements had been made for those who need to go home or stay out of class at the 28,000-student campus . Pruitt said meetings had been held Sunday with members of Delta Delta Delta sorority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity . The South Carolina students were affiliated with those houses , he said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function . He also said counselors and ministers were available to help students deal with the loss of their classmates . The university president , Dr. Andrew Sorenson , contacted the families of those who died in the fire to express the condolences and support of the university community . Jay Laura , student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon , said the campus would pull together after the tragedy . "  If any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is South Carolina , " Laura said at a Monday afternoon press conference . Fire survivor Tripp Wylie , a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends . "  I could see a buddy of mine off to the left who had gotten out . He was just yelling at me to jump and stuff , " Wylie told CNN affiliate WYFF . "  The smoke was pouring out , could n't really breathe , so I had to make a quick decision . -LSB- I -RSB- just kind of leaned out the window and luckily I jumped far enough to make it into the canal . " Neighbors flocked to see the fire as firefighters battled and ultimately got the blaze under control . See the scenes of devastation " George Smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see "  the whole sky lit up . " "  The whole house was completely engulfed in flames , up to about 20 feet , " he said . "  I have never seen -LSB- a fire -RSB- move so fast . " George Smith said the house 's occupants were "  partying in there yesterday and into the night . " After about 10:30 p.m. Saturday they quieted down , he said . Linda Sing said she was walking her dog when she saw the fiery destruction . She noted that firefighters had saved an adjacent house by spraying it down with water . "  We knew there were people in there , but we hoped and prayed they 'd gotten out , " Sing said . "  This is the worst thing I 've ever seen . We 've had hurricanes , but this is worse . " Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along North Carolina 's southern coast . The year-round population of the 7-mile-long island is about 425 , but it swells to about 25,000 during the summer season , according to the town 's Web site . E-mail to a friend	"  Heartbroken " house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape University of South Carolina mourns deaths of six students
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- The Catholic Church in Ireland has launched an investigation into claims that a priest accidentally showed gay pornography pictures during a presentation to parents . The incident happened at a grade school in Pomeroy , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland . Parents said images were projected onto a screen during the meeting , held as part of preparations for First Holy Communion by schoolchildren . The leader of Ireland 's Catholics , Cardinal Sean Brady , issued a statement Monday admitting that "  inappropriate imagery was inadvertently shown by a priest at the beginning of a PowerPoint presentation . " The statement went on the say the material "  was immediately removed from the screen " and "  the priest has stated that he had no knowledge of the offending imagery . " The church reported the incident to police , but it appears a prosecution is not being considered . Brady 's statement said : "  The archdiocese immediately sought the advice of the PSNI  Police Service of Northern Ireland  who indicated that , on the basis of the evidence available , no crime had been committed . " According to Brady : "  The priest is cooperating with an investigation of the matter on the part of the archdiocese . " Police spoke with CNN on Monday , saying : "  The incident has been reported to us , we have advised that no criminal offences have been disclosed at this time -- and anything else is a matter for the CCMS  Council for Catholic Maintained Schools  or the diocese . " However , parents say they were "  horrified " by what they saw and want action to be taken . Parishioners planned a protest outside the local church Sunday , but the demonstration was called off when it emerged that the priest involved in the communion presentation , the Rev. Martin McVeigh , would not be present at Mass. . In a statement , parents have questioned why the priest has not been suspended by the archdiocese pending its investigation . The latest controversy comes after a series of child sex abuse scandals involving Catholic Church clergy in Ireland . In March , the Vatican released a major report into the problem , begging forgiveness from victims . However , victims hit out at the report 's finding that new safeguards are working .	Images were on screen at Northern Ireland grade school during presentation to parents Irish Catholics ' leader says priest had "  inappropriate imagery " in PowerPoint presentation Church statement : Priest "  has stated that he had no knowledge of the offending imagery " Archdiocese is investigating , police say no charges planned ; parents say they want action
CNN  -- Police said Thursday that evidence and a surviving victim tie a man killed while trying to rob an Illinois tanning salon to a two-state shooting spree earlier this year . Gary Amaya , 48 , was killed Saturday after he walked into LA Tan salon in Orland Park , Illinois , brandishing a .38 Colt revolver . A customer , Jason McDaniel , rushed at Amaya and killed him after turning the gun on him , according to surveillance video . Will County , Illinois , Sheriff Paul Kaupas said Thursday that the weapon used by Amaya in this weekend 's botched robbery was similar to the one used in two shootings October 5 along the Illinois-Indiana line . One person was killed and three were wounded in those shootings , police have said . In addition , Amaya 's vehicle outside the Orland Park shooting matched one seen in Washington Township , Illinois , and Lowell , Indiana , where the October incidents took place , Kaupas said . The Indiana survivor , too , told detectives it was Amaya who shot him . "  The evidence at this time ... tells us that the suspect that was killed in the armed robbery at Orland Park ... does match the information from the previous homicide-slash-shooting in Lowell , Indiana , " Kaupas said . Yet Kaupas did not go as far as saying definitively that Amaya was behind all three shootings , noting that he was awaiting results of more forensic tests . Police on Thursday did not expand on widespread reports that the gunman in the first two shootings randomly discussed honey bees before shooting his victims -- leading media to brand him "  the Honey Bee Killer . " But Kaupas did say Amaya previously worked at a hunting lodge in rural Grundy County , Illinois , where he cared for honey bees . Authorities also elaborated on Saturday 's botched robbery and shooting . Orland Park Police Chief Tim McCarthy said McDaniel , who was in the shop with a worker , offered Amaya his money and explained that he had a young child . "  The comment by Amaya was , ` Whatever , ' " McCarthy said at the Thursday news conference . "  At that point , both feared for their life , that this was going to be more than a robbery . " Video shows McDaniel , 29 , rushing at robber and , during the struggle , Amaya being shot . McDaniel told CNN affiliate WGN that he acted after coming to the conclusion that there was something wrong with Amaya . "  There was no ... hurry , " McDaniel said . "  He was very calm , like he wanted to hurt somebody -- like that was his intended goal . " This weekend 's shooting come more than two months after a gunman killed one construction worker and hurt two in Washington Township . An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell , Indiana , authorities believe the same gunman struck again -- this time firing on a farmer . Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder , arm and elbow , and then was robbed . The farmer talked with police detectives after this weekend 's incident . "  Mr. Dahl has unequivocally identified Gary Amaya as the person who shot him , " Lake County , Indiana , Sheriff Roy Dominguez said at Thursday 's news conference . Amaya is not the first person arrested in connection with the October shootings . Lynwood , Illinois , police officer Brian Dorian was charged with first-degree murder , but four days later was released from jail after authorities were able to verify his alibi . "  I feel horrible that Brian Dorian went through this , " said Will County State 's Attorney James W. Glasgow . "  At no time did we stop looking for exculpatory evidence . "	Gary Amaya was shot and killed Saturday while trying to rob an Illinois tanning salon Police say the gun Amaya used matches that in two shootings In those , a gunman killed one and wounded three near the Illinois-Indiana line That gunman reportedly asked his victims about bees ; police say Amaya tended bees
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that the United States is prepared to enter into talks with North Korea , but only if it is serious about negotiating the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula Kerry is in Seoul meeting with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se amid heightened tensions spurred by North Korea 's recent nuclear threats and provocations . He landed in Seoul , about 30 miles from the demilitarized zone separating the two countries . The Korean peninsula is rife with tensions over the belligerent threats issued by Pyongyang . The United States will defend itself and its allies if needed , Kerry said . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " he said at a news conference with Yun . "  The rhetoric that we are hearing is simply unacceptable . " Pentagon intelligence assessment suggesting North Korea may have the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon on a missile has set off a flurry in Washington , with top officials trying to play down concerns about the capabilities of the Pyongyang regime . The Pentagon 's intelligence arm has assessed with "  moderate confidence " that North Korea has the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon with a ballistic missile , though the reliability is believed to be "  low . " First disclosed by a congressman at a hearing Thursday and then confirmed to CNN by the Defense Department , the assessment by the Defense Intelligence Agency is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . Will Kim Jong Un listen to China ? The United States calculates that a test launch of mobile ballistic missiles could come at any time . But a senior administration official said there is no indication that missiles that North Korea is believed to be readying for tests have been armed with any nuclear material . The surprising development comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea in recent weeks , including that of a possible nuclear strike . Kerry 's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan . The tour comes at a time when all three countries have new leaders . The North Korea we rearely see It 's the first time the Obama administration is engaging with all three countries in the same trip , the State Department said . The top U.S. diplomat 's trip comes days after he warned the North on what he calls leader Kim Jong Un 's "  provocative ... dangerous , reckless " rhetoric and actions . China , U.S. officials say , is growing more concerned about the North 's provocations , but it also is closely watching Washington 's latest military moves in the region . Report sparks intel controversy Kerry will try to convince leaders in Beijing that Pyongyang is "  putting China 's own interests at risk , " a senior administration official said . Pyongyang 's provocations are the immediate threat , but the Obama administration 's "  pivot to Asia " has broader strategic implications for Beijing . Throughout his Asia swing , Kerry will have to balance his short-term and long-term diplomatic objectives . "  Secretary Kerry can reassure regional states that , as a Pacific century dawns , the United States will continue to be right in the middle of it and will not allow any power to edge the United States out of a region where nearly every country welcomes its leadership , " said Daniel Twining , the German Marshall Fund 's senior fellow for Asia . "  He should also make clear that the United States will not countenance aggression against any territory covered by the U.S.-Japan Security Treaty and commit to working closely with Japan to meet security challenges across Asia , starting with North Korea . "	NEW : The United States will defend itself and its allies if needed , Kerry says Kerry 's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan His three host nations all have new leaders
Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he plans to endorse his Kentucky colleague , Rand Paul , in his widely expected bid for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination . "  I 'm almost certainly going to be doing that at some point , " McConnell said Monday in an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash . His comments -- a month after telling the Lexington Herald-Leader that he 'd back Paul in "  whatever he decides to do " in 2016 -- could enhance Paul 's credibility with the GOP donor class . They also underscore how quickly Paul has been embraced by institutional figures to whom his father , Texas Rep. Ron Paul , was always an outsider . Do n't expect to see McConnell on the campaign trail , though . "  I 'm going to be helpful to him in any way I can be , but I 'm not going to be tromping around in New Hampshire and Iowa , I can tell you that , " he said . In backing Paul , McConnell will be choosing a favorite out of a Senate Republican caucus that includes several other potential candidates for president -- including Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida . Just four years ago , the two Kentucky Republicans were squaring off against each other in a Senate primary -- with Paul defeating McConnell 's choice for the seat , Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson . But they 've grown closer since then , as Paul helped McConnell fend off a conservative primary challenge and win a hard-fought 2014 re-election campaign against Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes . "  We started off on opposite paths , but we 've become great allies . I 'm a big fan of his . I think he 's a very , very smart , capable guy , " McConnell said . "  We 've become real allies . I really admire him a lot , and we 've worked together on a lot of things . And I 'm going to try to be helpful to him . "	Mitch McConnell says he 'll "  almost certainly " back Rand Paul for president in 2016 The incoming Senate majority leader said he 'll "  be helpful to -LSB- Paul -RSB- in any way I can be " McConnell called himself a "  big fan " of Paul , his fellow Kentucky Republican senator
CNN  -- On January 6 , 1367 , at the Abbey of St. Andrew in Bordeaux , a royal baby was born . It was a boy . His father was the Prince of Wales , Edward of Woodstock  known to history as the Black Prince  . His mother was a fabulously glamorous princess called Joan of Kent . The child 's grandfather was the aging King Edward III , and although at the time of his birth little Richard of Bordeaux had a brother , the elder child would die , and Richard would grow up to be king of England himself , crowned as Richard II in 1377 , when he was just 10 years old . His reign would be more or less a disaster , but we need n't delay ourselves too much with that right now . Richard of Bordeaux 's birth was a moment of broad international interest . It mattered to the French , with whom the English were engaged in the Hundred Years War . It mattered in what we now call Spain , where the Black Prince was waging a brutal military campaign . It mattered to the other dignitaries of Europe . Richard 's baptism was attended by three monarchs : Jaime IV , king of Mallorca ; Richard , king of Armenia ; and Pedro , the deposed king of Castile . In short , insofar as a medieval royal birth could be a world news event , this was . Cohen : How to raise a royal baby Where I stood today at St. Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London , where Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , Monday gave birth to a baby boy , there were no foreign kings and queens hanging about to take part in the pageantry . But the birth of the royal baby was a world news event all the same . There were rolling news crews from all over the world , beaming back to every inch of the globe pictures of ... well , of rolling news crews from all over the world . They knocked shoulders with tourists and well-wishers , who ranged from idle passersby to devoted monarchists wanting to drop off gifts for mother and baby . A few actual patients of the hospital leaned in doorways or rolled around in wheelchairs , looking bemused . It was a sweaty , heaving scrum . Why ? How is it that when the power of the English royal family is a nano-fraction of what it once was , that the Windsors ' celebrations and reproductions still captivate the world just as the births of Plantagenet and Tudor babies once did ? ` Wicked ' author : Royal baby stands for hope The news crew with which I was filming today told me that they had also interviewed a sweet couple from Indiana , who said they thought that the British monarchy was marvelous . Given half a chance , said these beaming visitors and arbitrary bellwethers of American sentiment , they would gladly have a king and queen of the United States . Did someone say 1776 ? No ? Thought not . I ca n't speak for the rest of the world , but in Britain it is fairly easy to analyze our own continuing fascination with , and popular enthusiasm for , the monarchy . Trite as it is to say , the royal family is a living link with our national history . Our history is built -- or taught , at any rate -- around reigns and dynasties . Our wonky constitution has largely evolved around the monarchy , from Magna Carta in 1215 to this year 's Succession To The Crown Act , which provides  now , it seems , unnecessarily  , for a girl to inherit royal power on equal standing in precedence to a younger brother . Opinion : Why I would n't want to be royal baby Culturally , monarchy has also become a form of very upmarket reality TV show : a magazine-shifter and a newspaper-seller , whose present season has some really good characters , both old and young . There is human sympathy for the royals as "  real people " who have been through "  tough times , " but there is also the sneaking voyeurism attached to a family anointed , inescapably , with mystical celebrity . Who needs the Kardashians ? We have the Royals , and they 've been going for nearly a millennium . And then , of course , we secretly recognize that the royal family is virtually the only surviving relic of the rigid class system of the British past . Even if  most of us  do n't miss it in practice , there is a shared snobbish pride among swathes of the conservative middle Britain in being able to present ourselves to the world as a land of ranks and titles , blue blood and high birth , a nation that still has a nonsensical strain of privilege at its heart . Opinion : Baby helps make a monarchy better The very fact that this seems to fly in the face of every liberal credo of our times -- equality , democracy , meritocracy , openness , transparency , fairness -- only makes it more delicious . There is something medieval at the core of modern Britain , and I think we rather like the fact that the whole world is still prepared to sit up and celebrate it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Jones .	Dan Jones : Royal births in past were world news events , as they were key to world politics He asks : Why , when Windsors have so little sway now , does a birth still captivate world ? He says Brits care : royal family a link to nation 's history ; Americans ' interest less clear Jones : Monarchy like reality show ; a tie to old class system . Brits jazzed that world cares
Editor 's note : Clark Howard , the Atlanta-based host of a nationally syndicated radio show , will be host of a new television show designed to help viewers save more , spend less and avoid getting ripped off during these tough economic times . "  Clark Howard " debuts on HLN January 3 . The show will air Saturdays and Sundays at 6 a.m. , noon and 4 p.m. Clark Howard says there are good bargains in store for those who wait until January to shop . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Retailers have received the biggest lumps of coal in their Christmas stockings in memory . Americans have been on a buyers ' strike all fall and have not been interested in 50 percent off sales , doorbusters or any other promotions to get them to pry open their wallets . In a normal year when Christmas season sales are strong , retailers offer whatever they have left after the holiday , just the unloved stuff that did n't sell , at incredible markdowns . This year is different . You may get some bargains after Christmas , but if you want really rock-bottom prices , wait until January 5 . Retailers are going to be stuck with massive amounts of goods and those will be reduced to fire sale prices . If you have money that you can afford to part with , get out there the first full week of the New Year . Everything from electronics to clothing to appliances to furniture will be a deal . Be careful if you shop from December 26 through January 4 . The bargains are mostly fake ones during those 10 days because patterns are completely disrupted by gift cards . Most people are off from work between Christmas and New Years , have the time to shop and have the gift cards burning a hole in their wallets . Stores are able to "  pretend " to offer bargains in the immediate after-Christmas period and people feel like they "  have " to spend right away with store credit from returns and that gift card dough . As a result , the discounts are relatively small . However , follow my way and your wallet will really smile on you . Wait to do returns until after the 5th and those long return lines are gone . Retailers usually give 14 or so days after Christmas to do returns so you are still OK on the deadline and you do n't have to wait in lines , which I avoid like the plague . Then think about it : You get the pick of all the merchandise that people returned that has been marked down and you get access to all the stuff that did n't sell that is on final clearance . But that 's not all : I love January shopping because you have the stores virtually to yourself . My favorite time to go is Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday night when you will find more employees than customers in the stores . I do have a special warning about all those gift cards . A lot of retailers that have been selling gift cards this season are not going to make it . Expect a wave of retailer bankruptcies in January , February and March . Over and over again bankruptcy court judges have wiped out the value of gift cards . Do n't let your 's lie around in a drawer gathering dust after Christmas . Use them over the next month before they go bad . Speaking of stores going bust , do n't get fooled by "  Going Out of Business " sales , known in the lingo of the trade as GOB 's . They are as phony as a $ 3 bill . When any chain store goes broke , they hire a specialist company known as a liquidator . The liquidator is the one who puts those big going out of business sale banners on the stores and pays those guys to stand on street corners holding signs that say 40 percent , 50 percent , even 60 percent off . But the deals are usually fake . Many liquidators will sell the store 's merchandise at a discount , but usually not as good as prices on a regular sale . The real money is made by the liquidator in many cases by bringing in what I call "  fake " goods . They are not literally fake , just things that were never sold in the store in the first place . Those items are priced with high prices that are then "  discounted " 50 percent or more to fool you into thinking you are getting a real deal . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Clark Howard .	Clark Howard : American consumers have been reluctant to buy this year He says you may get bargains after Christmas , but big sales could come in January Howard : January shoppers also wo n't have to face holiday crowds He says consumers should beware of "  going out of business " sales
CNN  -- Normal service was resumed at the Etihad Stadium on Monday night as Manchester City overcame West Bromwich Albion 3-1 in the English Premier League . After taking one point from their last two matches , City snatched all three to rekindle their title challenge and deepen West Brom 's relegation woes . A frantic first 15 minutes saw three goals with Pablo Zabaleta opening the scoring with a diving header in the third minute . The Argentine right-back responded first after goalkeeper Ben Foster had palmed away Sergio Aguero 's rasping drive to steer the ball home . Seven minutes later City were two up as Aguero played a neat one-two with Samir Nasri before thumping home a precise low shot past a helpless Foster . Graham Dorrens showed that Sunderland could also finish in style with a superb goal in the 15th minute -- the Scottish midfielder flicking the ball over his shoulder before hitting a volley past keeper Joe Hart . But the Sky Blues restored their two-goal cushion nine minutes before the break when Martin Demichelis was gifted a simple tap-in following a corner kick . In the second half , City continued to dominate but could n't add to their tally -- a fact that was n't helped by the departure of David Silva who was stretchered off with an ankle injury in the 65th minute . "  I think we made a very good first 45 minutes -- we scored three goals and had more chances to score , " City manager Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports . "  The second half we were not so clear with the ball but we  got  the result and that 's what is important . " The win means City now have 74 points and trail league leaders Liverpool by six points , but they do have a game in hand . Defeat for West Brom keeps them perilously close to the relegation zone in 16th place with 33 points and only four games remaining with West Ham United up nest at the Hawthorns . City , meanwhile , have two testing away fixtures to contemplate . On Sunday , they travel to in-form Crystal Palace who have won their last five games before heading to Goodison Park to face Everton on May 3 . Roberto Martinez 's side sent David Moyes ' Manchester United packing with a 2-0 defeat on Sunday . Several reports in the British media on Monday suggest that Moyes , who took over from Alex Ferguson last year , is on the verge of losing his job with The Telegraph reporting that the 50-year-old Scot has lost the support of owners , the Glazer family . When CNN contacted United for a response to the reports , Phil Townsend , the club 's director of communications , said : "  Nothing has happened at all . I do n't know where the suggestion has come from . " Read more : Liverpool inspired by Hillsborough words	2012 league champions get back on track with a 3-1 win over struggling West Brom Manuel Pellegrini 's side secure three points after claiming just one in previous two games City now trail league leaders Liverpool by six points but have a game in hand
LifeWire  -- After weathering a troublesome roommate situation for a year , Dave Sotelo , 26 , was ready to move out . His girlfriend , Ngoc Nguyen , had the perfect solution : moving in together . It 's better to find a new place to live than to move into one person 's established home , says expert . "  Conveniently , an apartment in my four-unit building became available at the very same time , " says Nguyen , 26 . There are obvious advantages to cohabitation , both emotional  living with the person you love  and financial  sharing expenses like rent  . The drawbacks are just as glaring , like adjusting to annoying personal habits and accommodating your loved one 's passion for knickknacks that make your cringe . One thing 's for certain , experts say -- the more you discuss before you move in together , the more likely your relationship will succeed . Sotelo 's and Nguyen 's certainly has improved in the year and half they 've lived together . "  We 're engaged ! " Nguyen says happily . The wedding is scheduled for August 26 . The Albany , California , couple is in good company : According to The State of Our Unions 2007 , a report by the National Marriage Project at New Jersey 's Rutgers University , "  over half of all first marriages are now preceded by living together , compared to virtually none 50 years ago . " Get on the same page But living together does n't guarantee success . In fact , about half of all couples that move in together end up separating within five years , according to the Centers for Disease Control . There 's no way to guarantee your relationship wo n't become another statistical failure , of course . But there are steps you can take to increase the chances for success . Before moving in together , discuss the ultimate purpose and how this might affect your relationship -- is it a matter of convenience to provide shelter or financial support , or is it the next step toward marriage ? "  Are they going to truly commit to each other 's well being on every level ? If not , forget it , " says Lee Richey , a marriage and family therapist based in Fishers , Indiana . Have a plan to merge possessions Coordinate a plan of attack : Assess space constraints , sort out what you want and what you need , and get rid of duplicate items . Natural selection should take place : Keep whatever is cleaner , nicer and newer . If you 're a pack rat like Nguyen or Sotelo , negotiate space for what 's most important to each of you . "  He does n't really like to let go of boxed-up old things , and I have more clothes than I could ever hope to wear , " says Nguyen . "  It 's a slightly tenuous cease-fire at the moment . We just try our best to keep the open areas clean and clutter-free . " The solution , Richey says : "  Discuss a limit on sentimental items before hand , given there will probably be limited space . " He advises starting fresh in a brand-new place as opposed to moving into one person 's established space . Each of you will have your own quirks , so try to respect that . "  I get sensitive over an unclean bathroom shower ; he gets touchy over a greasy stovetop , " says Nguyen . "  We claim our territory ever so subtly . " In addition to being mindful of common space , carve out individual space so you can have some time alone if you wish . Be meticulous about money It 's not romantic , but take care when buying big-ticket items with your significant other , advises Frederick Hertz , an Oakland , California-based attorney and co-author of "  Living Together : A Legal Guide for Unmarried Couples . " "  If you 're doing any significant purchase or credit where you ca n't afford to just walk away from it if your lover turns out to be a total sociopath , then have a written agreement , " Hertz says . Other money matters : • If you take out a credit card in your name , use it only for your own expenses . • If you buy a house together , make sure the title reflects your share of the financial contribution . • If you decide to open a joint bank account , understand that each person has full access to that money . • If one partner is financially supporting the other -- helping pay for graduate school , for instance -- there should be "  no expectation of payback , no strings attached , " says marriage therapist Richey . "  If you do n't feel completely comfortable supporting your loved one , then do n't start . " If you separate Even if a couple takes all of these steps , there 's still a change that one day they 'll part ways . If that happens , cohabitating couples have some of the legal protections of married couples if they meet their state 's definition of common-law spouses or draft written agreements before the split , Hertz says . An agreement does n't have to be drafted by a lawyer to be recognized by a court . In about 40 states , an unmarried cohabitant can make a claim based on an oral , written or implied agreement . The courts so far have extended the same rights and rules to both heterosexual and homosexual couples , Hertz says . Every state has different laws , so if moving in does n't work out , you 'll want to speak with a local lawyer . LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Jocelyn Voo is a freelance journalist and relationships editor at the "  New York Post . "	Expert : More you talk about before moving in together , the better your success Discuss money , whose stuff will make the move or go to curb , housecleaning CDC : About half of cohabiting couples break up within five years Do n't make big joint purchases you will fear losing if relationship fails
CNN  -- A 5.8-magnitude earthquake struck Tuesday off the Cayman Islands , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The 6.2-mile deep quake hit at 9:23 a.m. ET , 40 miles from George Town , Cayman Islands , the USGS reported . George Town , the capital , is on the western shore of Grand Cayman Island . There were no immediate reports of injuries in the three-island chain in the Caribbean . The British territory of the Cayman Islands is about 600 miles  1,000 kilometers  west of Port-au-Prince , Haiti , which was devastated last week by a 7.0-magnitude earthquake . Tuesday 's quake struck about 32 miles  52 kilometers  east-southeast of Bodden Town in the center of the southern coast of Grand Cayman Island . Are you in the Cayman Islands ? Share photos , video It caused shaking at the Pedro St. James National Historic Site , about a 10-minute drive from Bodden Town , said Sonya Hydes , the gift shop manager . "  There was quite a bit of shaking , " she said . Hydes said she called her husband after the shaking stopped to see if their house was affected . He told her that he felt the quake but that it did not damage their house . There are reports that the quake toppled power lines in Bodden Town , said Kafara Augustine , a news producer for Cayman 27 . Augustine said she felt the shaking from within her office in central George Town . She and her colleagues quickly evacuated the building , seeking safety in the streets , she said . The two-story building did not suffer any damage and from what she could see , everything else seemed unharmed during the quake , she said . The quake startled Davy Ebanks , general manager of the North Sound Club , a golf course on the Seven Mile Beach strip of western Grand Cayman Island . He said he was reading about the earthquake in Haiti on the Internet when he suddenly felt shaking . "  I just bolted , " he said . "  It was rocking and rolling pretty good . " The trembling knocked some picture frames off balance and sent some mannequins tumbling in the pro shop , but otherwise did little damage at the club , he said . About 215 miles  346 kilometers  from the temblor in Cienfuegos , Cuba -- a city on the southern coast of the communist island -- residents said they felt nothing . The Caymans are about 167  268 kilometers  miles northwest of Jamaica and about 140 miles  240 kilometers  south of Cuba , according to the CIA World Fact Book . CNN 's Mark Bixler and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	No immediate reports of injuries after earthquake off Cayman Islands "  There was quite a bit of shaking , " says shop manager in George Town , Cayman Islands U.K. territory in Caribbean about 600 miles west of Port-au-Prince , Haiti
I fell in love on a Monday night . Now , many may say a teenage girl ca n't know about such things . But that night as I watched Dallas Cowboys running back Tony Dorsett roll downfield 99 yards for a touchdown , I fell head-over-heels in love with the NFL . It was January 3 , 1983 -- Monday Night Football , Dallas vs. Minnesota . I 'd never seen anything so inspiring . Dorsett was so free , so graceful and so powerful to me . He was focused and determined . Watching him break free of his competitors , those who wanted to bring him down and stop him from reaching his goal , I was in awe . And I knew then that his run capsulized all that I wanted to accomplish in my life . That football game is one of my most cherished childhood memories . I have been a passionate NFL fan since that moment -- though I switched my loyalties to the Philadelphia Eagles , my hometown team . My family has never understood my love affair with the league . They have balked as play dates , family events , even church services have been rearranged or skipped to fit my football calendar . I ended up spending much of my career in sports journalism , a dream job if ever there was one . But after 30 years , my love and respect for the game is fading . And I 'm seriously considering giving up football completely . I do n't want to , but I am left with little choice . I 've come to this pass because of a recent airing of "  League of Denial , The NFL 's Concussion Crisis , " the PBS documentary that details the hidden story of the NFL and brain injuries . Based on a book by journalists Mark Fainaru-Wada and Steve Fainaru , the program examines the NFL 's attempt to cover up medical science that has linked Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy , called CTE , to concussions in NFL players . Players with CTE have battled depression , memory loss , and in some cases dementia . The NFL consistently has denied any connection . But many of the men who play the game feel differently . "  I think I 'm just paranoid . But ... from their standpoint , I think they are looking forward to covering their own  butt  more than anything , more than player safety , " Baltimore Ravens Super Bowl champion Terrell Suggs told the Baltimore Sun . Hall of Famer Troy Aikman , whose concussion in 1994 was featured in the documentary , told PBS : "  I do not have a son ; if I had a son , I would n't necessarily discourage him from playing football , but I do n't know that I would encourage him to play , either . ... I do n't know what the data show , but I have n't sensed there 's been a reduction in head injuries . With that in mind , that 's concerning . As long as we 're having contact and as long as there are collisions , there 's going to be head injuries . " The NFL , which did not participate in the documentary , agreed in late August to a $ 765 million settlement in a concussion lawsuit with more than 4,500 players and their families . The proposed settlement allows the NFL to avoid a public trial to fight accusations that the league concealed what it knew about the dangers of head injuries . Under the terms of the pending settlement , which is still awaiting approval by a judge , the NFL likely wo n't have to disclose internal files about what it knew , or when it knew of any links between concussions and permanent brain injury . When I watch the games today , the awe is gone . Instead , I thank God that my son never wanted to play football , that it was basketball that stole his heart . And I find it ironic and a bit disingenuous that the NFL , in an effort to make the game more attractive to its 44 % female audience , adorns the players and the field in Breast Cancer pink . Imagine where breast cancer research would be today if the science around the cause of the disease was rejected , or covered up . Imagine if women were told to ignore the warning signs of this killer disease , or if we were denied access to lifesaving treatment . Today , instead of telling kids how football helped to inspire me to go after what I want in life , I advise them and their parents to avoid the game at all costs . It 's not safe at any level . Play other sports . I 'm not alone . The Hall of Fame Giants linebacker Harry Carson , who was a leading voice in the documentary , does n't believe the game is safe for children today . "  I pray parents understand all they 're getting into when they allow their kids to play football , " he said . "  My oldest son luckily gravitated to basketball , and as a doctor he understands what concussions are about . My younger son did n't play , and to this day I 'm grateful , " said Carson , who begs his daughter not to let his grandson play . "  Because concussions happen all the time on every level of football , the long-term damage is terrible , and we 're seeing evidence of it all the time . " I agree . I 've worked with former NFLers who suffer blackouts in midsentence , after being diagnosed with numerous concussions over their careers . And many of us knew Junior Seau and other football players who have taken their own lives . Too many of us in the sports industry stood by and watched yesterday 's heroes implode , or fall into depression in retirement . It 's easy to sit back and pontificate about why so many players are violent , both on and off the field , or how they ended up with ruined lives . We often blamed the players themselves . "  They were irresponsible men , or had bad agents , girlfriends , wives who took advantage of them , " we explained . We blamed everything but the game itself for so many ruined lives and serious psychological problems . Now I see that I have been an enabler , blindly protecting the game -- the game that afforded me a lucrative career at ESPN . How could I criticize any NFL commissioner for doing the same ? We have all made a very comfortable living off the game and the backs of men like Harry Carson , Tony Dorsett and Junior Seau . I want to save my relationship with the league , but it needs to own up about CTE . Stop endlessly denying the findings of medical science that say playing football can cause permanent brain damage . End the lies . Just admit we have a problem . That is the first step . Stop the slick marketing campaigns to keep telling our children all they need is to learn a "  safe way to hit in football , " while denying each hit comes with a dire consequence . This relationship is toxic . If my beloved NFL continues to lie and deny while men and boys are suffering and dying , then it 's time for this fan to say good-bye .	Roxanne Jones says she fell in love with football 30 years ago ; became a sports journalist She says new book and PBS documentary show NFL denied terrible effects of brain injury She says she loves game , but now urges youngsters , parents to avoid it as too dangerous Jones : Too many have enabled this deception . NFL must own up to CTE caused by football
CNN  -- In more than eight Earth years , NASA 's unexpectedly tough Mars rover Opportunity has been stuck in a sand dune , nursed a bad shoulder and endured five brutal winters on Mars . Its new rover , Curiosity , should be so lucky . Scientists at the space agency 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California planned for Opportunity to last for 90 days on Mars after its landing in 2004 . Instead , it 's now run for more than 3,000 martian days and traversed 22 miles of the planet 's surface -- scoured by sandstorms and working through temperatures that range from 86 degrees to 112 degrees below zero Fahrenheit  30 to -80 C  . "  The rovers were designed to last in extreme conditions , and we 've taken great care in how to operate them , " said JPL roboticist Vandi Tompkins , one of Opportunity 's former operators . "  Someday , some essential part will go that stops it . It 's going to happen . But we try our best to push that as far as out as we can . " Even after all these years , "  You still see a lot of excitement " at Opportunity 's control center at JPL , " Tompkins said . NASA spent $ 800 million to launch Opportunity and its sister rover , Spirit . The twin craft lifted off from Cape Canaveral in June 2003 aboard separate Delta II rockets and landed successfully the following January , bouncing onto the surface inside a cocoon of air bags . The roughly 5-foot-long , 380-pound rovers were loaded with a variety of cameras and instruments used to analyze martian rocks and soil , and their findings have helped convince NASA that Mars once had water on its surface . ` Crazy ' Mars landing coming NASA lost contact with Spirit in 2010 and wrote off the rover in May 2011 , but Opportunity kept on going . Among its findings was a vein of the mineral gypsum -- an indication that water once ran across the surface of the Red Planet . And it beamed back its 100,000 th picture , a sweeping panorama of the martian surface , in early July . Not that it 's been unscathed . It 's got a worn "  shoulder " joint on its robotic arm , making some operations difficult . It was stuck in a sand dune for nearly two months in mid-2005 . But it has had unexpected luck , as well . "  The solar panels were expected to collect a lot of dust , and they did , " Tompkins said . "  But we 've had winds that have cleaned the solar panels occasionally , and that has given it a new lease on life . " Tompkins is now working on the much-larger Curiosity . Designers built the 2,000-pound craft with lessons from Spirit and Opportunity in mind , including a longer , more advanced robot arm , a hammer drill that can crack apart rocks and a laser that reduces rock to a hot plasma , allowing an on-board spectrograph to determine its composition . Opportunity 's neighborhood is known as the Meridiani Planum , a sandy desert located a few degrees south and west of the martian equator and its prime meridian . The site is nearly halfway around the planet from Spirit 's location , and from where Curiosity is expected to touch down at 1:31 a.m. Monday ET . It can run more than 100 meters  325 feet  in a day , but it 's not exactly a speed demon : Opportunity tops out at about 2 inches a second . But it 's also capable of climbing up to 30-degree slopes . Building an out-of-this-world menu for Mars Tompkins says the goal for operators is "  pushing the limits and keeping it safe . " "  The fact that the rovers have lasted also has to do with how carefully you operate them , " she said . The average distance between the Earth and Mars is about 225 million miles , but it varies widely during the year as both planets orbit the sun . When they 're the farthest apart -- about 400 million miles -- a radio signal from NASA takes more than half an hour to reach the rovers . That means controllers have to pre-program Opportunity 's daily movements , working from a three-dimensional model of the surrounding terrain , Tompkins said . JPL transmits the plan to the rover , which carries out the program and beams the data back to Earth via two satellites now circling the Red Planet , the Mars Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . That means the programs have to be completed by the time those satellites are in range , adding one more wrinkle to controllers ' calculations . "  Imagine planning your drive from your home to your office , " she said . "  Even though you know that route truly well and there 's no traffic , imagine having to pre-think all those options . Then imagine it 's raining . " Complete coverage on the Mars landing	The Mars rover Opportunity has survived eight and a half years on Mars The 5-foot craft was designed to last 90 days "  We 've taken great care " in operating it , former driver says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen voluntarily entered an undisclosed rehabilitation center for treatment Friday , his representative said . "  He is most grateful to all who have expressed their concern , " Sheen representative Stan Rosenfield said . The announcement came a day after Sheen was rushed to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where Rosenfield said he was treated for severe pain related to a hernia . He checked out of the Los Angeles hospital Thursday night , he said . "  Charlie has had a hernia condition for some time , " Rosenfield said . "  I was told by the person who made the 911 call that it was hernia-related . " Sheen 's hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " has been placed on "  production hiatus , " CBS and Warner Bros. . Television said Friday . "  We are profoundly concerned for his health and well-being , and support his decision , " their joint statement said . Porn actress Kacey Jordan , who was at Sheen 's house the night before his trip to the hospital , issued a statement through her representative Friday . She is "  very happy that Charlie decided to get some help , it was clear to me if he did n't he would have died , " Jordan 's statement said . "  He is such a talented actor , and has his beautiful children to think about . " It was the second emergency trip to a hospital for Sheen in three months . He spent several hours in a New York hospital in October after police responded to an early morning call about "  an emotionally disturbed person " at the Plaza Hotel , a law enforcement source said at the time . Sheen 's representative blamed an "  adverse allergic reaction " to a medication . Sheen , the son of actor Martin Sheen , spent at least a month last year at a Malibu , California , rehab center , but it was never disclosed what he was treated for there . He was arrested in December 2009 after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen , Colorado , police that he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . A Colorado judge allowed the actor to count his time at Promises of Malibu toward a 30-day jail sentence after he entered a guilty plea in August in that case . The plea deal reduced the charges from felony domestic violence to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan , Brooke Anderson and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Porn actress says she 's "  very happy " Sheen 's going to rehab The decision to enter rehab comes a day after he was rushed to a hospital CBS puts "  Two and a Half Men " on "  production hiatus " His rep blames the hospital visit on "  a hernia condition "
