CNN  -- It seems like everybody loves a good scandal except the people involved in it . How must it feel to be Jill Kelley right now ? Talking heads , journalists and the Chatty Cathys everywhere are telling stories about her and how she might be tied to the downfall of America 's top spy , David Petraeus . National security secrets could be at stake , though no one has offered proof of a breach . Jill Kelley , honorary consul She 's kept quiet , yet details of her personal life are quickly leaking out . Reports do n't reveal much except that she 's a socialite who threw charity events for the military community in Tampa where she lives with her oncologist husband and three kids . Her hometown newspaper in Philadelphia trotted out some basic biography : Kelley 's parents immigrated to the United States from Lebanon in the 1970s and once ran a restaurant in New Jersey . She has a twin sister . A picture of Kelley walking out of her home wearing a smart canary yellow dress and carrying a hot pink handbag has led stories on major news outlets with headlines such as Family : Scandal will ` brand ' Jill Kelley ` for life ' and Jill Kelley : Five Facts About the Petraeus Affair 's Mystery Woman . It all sounds so salacious . And some of it is very harsh . A senior official close to another military superstar ensnared in the controversy -- the commander of U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen -- called Kelley a "  bored , rich socialite involved with every single senior commander " because she did unpaid work as a military "  honorary ambassador . " Allen has his own role in this controversy . More on him later . What is known , beyond all the speculation and whispered excitement , is what the FBI has said , according to U.S. officials : Last summer , Kelley went to a friend who worked at the agency 's Tampa branch because she was receiving allegedly "  jealous " e-mails from an unknown person . That person is now believed to be Paula Broadwell , a woman with whom Petraeus was having an affair . Petraeus , who has acknowledged his relationship with Broadwell , is a married father of two who many regarded as one of the finest military commanders in recent U.S. history . Petraeus pillow talk : ' A spy agency 's worst nightmare ' Before the scandal broke , Broadwell said in numerous interviews to plug her book about him , titled "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus , " that she spent hours with Petraeus in Afghanistan . The two bonded on long runs together , she said . Critics have described Broadwell 's biography as gushing . The Daily Show 's Jon Stewart joked about whether her book made Petraeus look "  awesome or incredibly awesome . " Now "  All In " is being parsed for double entendres . FBI investigators , whose investigation began with Kelley 's complaint , eventually found explicit e-mail exchanges between Petraeus and Broadwell that revealed the affair . Petraeus resigned as CIA chief on Friday , writing to CIA staff that he 'd acted in ways "  unacceptable both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours . " What we know so far Cue the insatiable news media and its endless news cycle . By Monday , FBI agents had searched Broadwell 's tony home in Charlotte , North Carolina , telling CNN they were looking for any documents sensitive to national security . Back in Tampa , Kelley called 911 on November 11 complaining that a man she did n't know was on her property and told police that she is an "  honorary consul general , " which meant she has "  inviolability . " Listen to Kelley 's 911 calls "  So they should not be able to cross my property , " she told the 911 operator . "  I do n't know if you want to get diplomatic protection involved as well ... " Kelley called police at least five times concerning people in and around her home , Tampa police spokeswoman Laura McElroy told CNN . Reporters are outside the residence . Kelley appears to be a volunteer who helped to welcome international visitors to Tampa but had no official job with the U.S. government or the State Department , CNN learned Wednesday . Top military brass have been guests at the Kelley home , but it 's unclear if Allen or Petraeus were aware of the Kelleys ' financial difficulties or the unusual background of a charity they founded . Public records show that in April of 2010 , about six years after the Kelleys purchased their $ 1.5 million home , Regions Bank filed to foreclose on the property , saying the couple had n't made a mortgage payment since September 2009 . The Kelley family faced at least nine lawsuits involving money , according to public records , including large unpaid credit card bills of more than $ 320,000 . The records also say the Kelleys founded a cancer research charity in 2005 called the Doctor Kelley Cancer Foundation . But in a telling 2008 federal tax return , the Kelleys ' charity reported that it spent the exact same amount of money as it raised -- $ 157,000 . The charity 's money paid for parties , transportation , legal bills and other administrative costs . There is no evidence any of the money was used for cancer research or caring for cancer patients . Asked for the Kelleys ' side of the story , a source close to the family told CNN the source did n't have enough information to respond . For its part , the U.S. Central Command released a statement saying that Kelley has "  no official position with U.S. Central Command . She is a volunteer and a private citizen , not an employee ; because of this , and because there is an ongoing investigation , we have no additional information to provide . " Kelley and her husband , Scott , have n't talked to reporters . Earlier they released two sentences : "  We and our family have been friends with General Petraeus and his family for over five years . We respect his and his family 's privacy and want the same for us and our three children . " More glimpses at the Kelleys come from a gossip column in 2010 in the Tampa Bay Times . It describes Petraeus and his wife arriving in a 28-cop motorcade to a pirate-themed party under a white tent on Jill and Scott Kelley 's front lawn . High-profile partiers munched lamb and crab cakes . Petraeus wore a tan baseball hat and an outfit that looked more suited for mall speed-walking than black-tie waltzing . Holly Petraeus , to whom he 's been married for more than 37 years , posed for a photo with Kelley and her twin sister , Natalie Khawam . Photos : Who 's who in the Petraeus scandal Kelley was dedicated to helping host parties that benefited the military , local event planner Linda Baldwin told the Tampa Bay Times . "  Jill was such an awesome client , " said Baldwin , the owner of Events by Amore , which catered the pirate party Petraeus attended . Kelley "  did so much for the military , fabulous mother and amazing wife ; ca n't say enough nice things about her . She never spared anything for the military . It was all about them . " Karyn Anjali is a longtime social and celebrity columnist for Tampa area high society magazine Panache Vue . She said she frequents many military functions as well as the celebrity affairs in the area . She told CNN she 'd never heard of Kelley . "  I have no idea who she is . I have handled all the major events in this town for a long time now , and I am a little surprised I do n't know her , " Anjali said . "  A lot of us go to the same places , the same restaurants for lunch , the same parties , the same functions . I myself am quite well-known , and I do not know her . " So far the only member of Kelley 's family who has spoken to reporters is her brother David Khawam . "  My sister got anonymous e-mails , " he told CNN affiliate KYW Philadelphia . "  Because of her stature and her position , she was scared . She filed a complaint with the local authorities , and that trickled down to everything that 's going on right now . " Kelley is a "  dedicated mother , a dedicated wife , " her brother added . After that initial interview with the affiliate , Khawam refused to talk further and referred all media inquiries to Judy Smith , Washington 's top scandal spinner who is said to have inspired the new television drama "  Scandal . " Jill Kelley has retained Smith and top Washington lawyer Abbe Lowell , famous for representing clients such as disgraced former Sen. John Edwards and ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff . Widening scandal focuses on ` flirtatious ' e-mails Regardless of who is talking , the scandal involving Kelley is growing by the hour . The Pentagon said Tuesday that the investigation surrounding Petraeus and Broadwell has expanded to include Allen . Allen replaced Petraeus after he left that post to lead the CIA . According to U.S. officials , the FBI has looked at between 20,000 and 30,000 pages of documents â $ " most of them e-mails â $ " and have found "  potentially inappropriate " correspondence between Kelley and Allen . Some of the e-mails between Allen and Kelley might be described as "  flirtatious , " according to a defense official who was cleared to speak to the media . However , the official told CNN that flirtatious could mean anything from "  Hey , you look good in that dress the other night " to something more serious . "  There was no security information exchanged . There was nothing hateful in the messages , " the official said . "  It was not threatening . " The Petraeus affair : A lot more than sex CNN 's Barbara Starr , Chris Lawrence and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Tampa socialite Jill Kelley considered David and Holly Petraeus family friends Kelley and her husband founded a charity while battling lawsuits , foreclosure and debt She hosted big charity bash for military ; Kelley 's brother calls her "  dedicated wife "
CNN  -- A bored U.S. marshal using Google connected an alleged scam artist arrested this year under an alias to a lawyer who disappeared decades ago before he was indicted on federal fraud charges . The suspect in a fake charity scam that stole millions in donations intended for Navy veterans is also wanted by the FBI for questioning in a spy case , federal officials said . When U.S. marshals arrested "  Bobby Thompson " five months ago , they said they knew he was using a fake name . He 's been held in the Cuyahoga County , Ohio , jail since then . "  We always knew there was a reason that ` Thompson ' signed his name as ` Mr. X ' and did not want to be identified , " U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott said Monday . "  We now know why . " His real name John Donald Cody , who graduated from Harvard Law School in 1972 , served as a captain in the U.S. Army 's military intelligence unit , worked as a lawyer in Arizona and speaks "  many , many different foreign languages , " Elliott said . Cody , now 65 , disappeared in 1984 as IRS agents were investigating him in a case that led to his indictment in 1987 on four counts , including making false statements to an investment brokerage firm , taking stolen funds across state lines and lying on a loan application , according to court documents . But time and technology caught up with Cody when Elliott opened his web browser and began a series of Google searches . "  I happened to be a little bored that Friday afternoon , " Elliott said Monday . "  Thank goodness for Google . " He searched for cold-case fraud fugitives with ties to military , he said . Google images yielded a 1969 photo of a man with a pompadour hairstyle in a military uniform and several later photos of the same man with a similar haircut , he said . Both Cody and Thompson favored the pompadour , he said . "  In our profession , one and one always equals two , and I believe man is always a creature of habit , no matter what identity he takes , " Elliott said . He also found an FBI wanted flyer for a cold-case fraud fugitive wanted since 1987 . It was from 1987 when the FBI began searching for Cody . Since Cody fled before he was arrested , the FBI had no fingerprints to compare to Thompson . But the military did , and they matched , Elliott said . The "  Thompson " case drew a lot of attention in May when "  Thompson " was arrested in Oregon after a two-year nationwide manhunt during which he was placed on the list of "  America 's Most Wanted " fugitives . Investigators found almost $ 1 million in a storage unit the arrest . Cody allegedly founded a fake charity -- the U.S. Navy Veterans Association -- through which he collected nearly $ 2 million from donors in 41 states in a telemarketing scam between 2005 and 2010 , authorities said . While the government acknowledged a possible connection between Cody and a FBI espionage investigation , no other details have been disclosed . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	"  Bobby Thompson " is John Donald Cody , a fugitive Arizona lawyer , officials say Cody , now 65 , disappeared in 1984 as IRS agents were investigating him for fraud Cody allegedly founded a fake charity that stole $ 2 million intended for veterans "  Thank goodness for Google , " U.S. marshal says
FALLUJA , Iraq  CNN  -- Like many young boys , Khidir loves playing with toy cars and wants to be a policeman like his father when he grows up . But it was his father 's very job that caused the tiny child to suffer the unimaginable . Khidir , now 8 , was kidnapped and held hostage for two years by operatives with al Qaeda in Iraq . Khidir was just 6 years old when he was savagely ripped away from his family , kidnapped by al Qaeda operatives in Iraq . "  They beat me with a shovel , they pulled my teeth out with pliers , they would go like this and pull it , " said Khidir , now 8 , demonstrating with his hands . "  And they would make me work on the farm gathering carrots . " What followed was even more horrific , an ordeal that would last for two years in captivity . Khidir and his father spoke to CNN recently , more than half a year after his rescue by Iraqi police . Watch boy describe torture " "  This is where they hammered a nail into my leg and then they pulled it out , " he says , lifting up his pant leg to show a tiny wound . He says his captors also pulled out each of his tiny fingernails , broke both his arms , and beat him repeatedly on the side of the head with a shovel . He still suffers chronic headaches . He remembers them laughing as they inflicted the pain . "  I would think about my mommy and daddy , " he replies , when asked how he managed to get through the agony . His father , Abdul Qader , struggles for words . "  When he tells me about how they would torture him , I ca n't tolerate it . I start crying , " he says . "  What hurts me the most is when they hammered a nail into his leg . " The father , a police officer , was sleeping at the police station in Falluja when his son was kidnapped . It was too dangerous to go home regularly . Although Falluja was no longer controlled by insurgents , assassinations against police were common . "  I woke up to the sound of a huge explosion ... and then I heard my name on the radio . I ran outside and they came to me saying your house was blown up , " he says . "  When the police patrol came back , they all started kissing and comforting me , " he continues . "  I was asking , ` What 's going on ? Where is my family ? ' They told me that they took my son . This was a disaster . I went mad that day , I was n't normal , I was hysterical . " Khidir 's grandmother was at home with the family at the time . "  The kidnappers climbed the fence and kicked in the door , " she says . "  They were screaming for Abdul Qader . I told them he 's not here . They called me a liar and said we want his son . His son was hiding behind me , clutching my clothes . I said this is not his son . They hit me on the back with a rifle and ripped him out of my arms . " The last thing she remembers were his screams of "  Granny , Granny ! " The attackers rigged the house with explosives and demolished it before taking off with the 6-year-old . The boy 's grandmother and seven other family members rushed out of the home before it exploded . "  The kidnappers called me on the phone and demanded that some prisoners that we had be released or they would slit his throat , " Khidir 's father says . "  But I said no to the release . I would not put killers back out on the street that would hurt other Muslims . So I thought to myself , ` Let my son be a martyr . ' " He even held a secret funeral for his little boy . He did n't want to tell the rest of the family that he had refused the kidnappers ' ultimatum , allowing them to hope that he was still alive . Last December , nearly two years later , police in Taji , about 45 miles  70 kilometers  away , received a tip that terrorists were holding kidnapped children . "  We thought that it was just a tip to ambush us , but we considered the mission as a sacrifice , " said Iraqi police Capt. Khalib Ali . "  Either we find the children and free them or face the danger and take the risk . " The tip led the Iraqi police to a rundown farm and a series of mud huts . Khidir 's tiny body was twisted abnormally . And in another hut , they found another child . Two children are still believed to be with the kidnappers . Al Qaeda in Iraq has historically kidnapped children for money , to pressure officials , and even to use in terrorist attacks . For Khidir 's father , it was as if his son had come back from the dead . "  He did n't recognize his mother or his grandmother , " Abdul Qader says . "  But then he saw me in uniform and ran to me . I went flying toward him to hug him . People said be careful ; both his arms are broken . So I held him from his waist , and he hugged me , kissed me , smelled me , and then broke into a smile . " The father flips through old family photos -- all they were able to salvage from their destroyed home -- and notes some of the kidnappers are still at large . He still fears for his son 's safety , but says he wo n't quit the police force . "  Never , never , " he says . "  If I leave the police force , if others leave the force , who will protect us from the terrorists ? We are the only ones . " CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Iraqi boy survives two-year hostage ordeal by al Qaeda in Iraq operatives Terrorists took the boy to blackmail his father , who was a police officer in Iraq "  They pulled my teeth out with pliers , " the boy tells CNN Dad says he wo n't leave police force despite intimidation , threats
CNN  -- American driver Robby Gordon won the fourth stage of the Dakar Rally by just one second from Stephane Peterhansel , who extended his overall lead to more than seven minutes in South America on Tuesday . NASCAR star Gordon claimed his first victory of this year 's race , and his third overall , as he snatched the quickest time on the shortened 163 kilometer stage from Fiambala in Argentina to Copiapo in Chile . It was cut by 40km as some competitors arrived late following Monday 's leg . He clocked one hour , 40 minutes and 21 seconds in his Hummer to head off BMW 's Peterhansel , who has won three car titles and six on bikes . The Frenchman now leads Carlos Sainz by seven minutes and 36 seconds , with the former world rally champion finishing fourth behind Qatar 's Nasser Al-Attiyah . Defending champion Giniel De Villiers gave Volkswagen with three drivers in the top five , but is still way back in 20th due to his problems on Monday . Gordon was left eight overall , more than an hour off the pace , while his compatriot Mark Miller is fourth in another Volkswagen after placing sixth on Tuesday . "  Today 's special stage was perfect for us with a lot of camel grass . It 's on this type of terrain that the Hummer is doing great , " Gordon told the race 's official Web site . "  I am glad we managed to recover from yesterday . I got stuck twice yesterday and the engine overheated . We lost one hour . It 's sad but the race is still long . We 've only had four days of raid so far . A stage victory means nothing to us . It 's the final victory we are in for . " In the bikes , defending champion Marc Coma bounced back from losing moer than 40 minutes over the last two days to win the stage . The Spaniard was left in sixth overall , 38 minutes and 50 seconds behind Frenchman Cyril Depres , who was third on the stage also riding a 690cc KTM machine . His compatriot David Casteu , riding a smaller 450cc Sherco machine , was runner-up to retain second overall -- almost nine minutes behind with 10 stages left .	Stephane Peterhansel extends lead in Dakar Rally cars section in his BMW Frenchman is more than seven minutes ahead of second-placed Carlos Sainz American driver Robby Gordon wins the fourth stage to be eighth overall In the bikes , Frenchman Cyril Depres leads by almost nine minutes after placing third
CNN  Most visitors to Niagara Falls consider it a place for romance . Ice climber Will Gadd thinks of the famous falls as a spot for adventure . There have been countless attempts by daredevils to ride down both parts of Niagara Falls -- the American Falls on the U.S. side and Horseshoe Falls on the Canadian side . But earlier this week , Gadd made history when he became the first person to climp up the falls . The Canadian ice climber used only ice hooks to scale the frozen cliffs at Terrapin Point , a 147-foot section directly next to Horseshoe Falls . "  I checked out the spot we were thinking of climbing in the summer . You 'd be swept away by the torrential downpour then , " Gadd said on redbull.com . "  On a warm winter  day  , there 's no climb here . " But on a cold , freezing day in late January , the wall of water is a wall of ice -- the icing is so heavy that the area is closed to tourists during the winter months -- a perfect scenario for Gadd . He clambered up the frozen walls three times , taking about an hour each trip , according to redbull.com . Gadd described the ice as "  unstable " because it formed in distinct layers of ice and snow , which made the climb more difficult . "  That climb beat me up , " he said . "  I may have reached the top , but Niagara won the war . At the end of the day I was hypothermic . " Indeed , Gadd 's biggest challenges in the climb seemed to be getting really cold and really wet . As he climbed , right next to him 681,750 gallons of water per second surged down Horseshoe Falls . "  I was so close to the water , I could reach out and stick my ice tool in the Niagara Falls , " Gadd told redbull.com . "  At one point I was behind the water , climbing on ice that froze behind the falls . I got a whole lot of Niagara down my neck ! " Scaling the falls is the latest feat for Gadd , who was recently named a Nat Geo Adventurer of the Year . He 's also a three-time gold medalist at the X Games and won the Ice Climbing World Cup , according to his website . Free-climbers reach top of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park	Ice climber Will Gadd scaled a frozen cliff at Niagara Falls Gadd , a triple gold medalist at the X Games , described feeling "  hypothermic " after the climb
CNN  -- Soul singer Solomon Burke has died at the age of 70 in the Netherlands , his Dutch representative said Sunday . Burke died of natural causes after arriving at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport , his family said in a statement posted on Burke 's website . He was in town to perform for a sold-out show with the Dutch band De Dijk . "  This is a time of great sorrow for our entire family . We truly appreciate all of the support and well wishes from his friends and fans . Although our hearts and lives will never be the same , his love , life and music will continue to live within us forever , " his family said . Hailed by Atlantic Records producer Jerry Wexler as "  the greatest soul singer of all time , " Burke was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001 . He joined the Atlantic Records stable in 1960 , putting him in the company of Ray Charles , Ben E. King and Wilson Pickett . His first hit with them came almost immediately , with "  Cry to Me . " He had top R&B hits in 1965 with "  Got to Get You Off of My Mind , " and "  Tonight 's the Night , " the rock museum says in Burke 's biography . He continued to tour until his death , and was scheduled to perform Tuesday in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .	NEW : His family says Burke died of natural causes He was part of the 1960s Atlantic stable with Ray Charles , Ben E. King and Wilson Pickett His hits include "  Got to Get You Off of My Mind " and "  Tonight 's the Night " Burke was once hailed as "  the greatest soul singer of all time "
CNN  -- Olympic officials discounted an e-mailed threat to the upcoming Winter Games in the Russian city of Sochi on Wednesday , but the reported warning raised new concerns about security at the events . Olympic organizing committees in the United States and several European countries got an e-mailed warning of a terrorist attack against visitors to Sochi , where President Vladimir Putin 's government has mounted a massive security effort to protect the events . "  The IOC takes security very seriously and passes on any credible information to the relevant security services , " International Olympic Committee spokeswoman Sandrine Tonge told CNN . But the e-mail received by the national organizations "  contains no threat and appears to be a random message from a member of the public , " she said . At least two countries , Slovakia and Hungary , reported receiving e-mails in English that warned about threats to their citizens and Olympic athletes . The Olympic committees for Italy and Germany also confirmed that they had received the e-mail . Others said the warnings had been forwarded to them from other countries or the IOC . The e-mail received in Hungary suggested that "  there might be a terrorist attack against nationals of Hungary and the Hungarian team , and that members of the team may be blown up , " Zsigmond Nagy , director for international relations for Hungary 's National Olympic Committee , told CNN . Nagy said the Hungarian Olympic Committee had shared the letter with the organizers of the Sochi Winter Olympics as well as the IOC . Hungary 's counterterrorism agency was analyzing the e-mail , but Hungary does not intend to change its plans to attend the Games in Sochi , Nagy said . The U.S. Olympic Committee also received the message and sent it "  to the appropriate authorities , " committee chief Scott Blackmun said . "  The safety and security of Team USA is our top priority , " he said in a written statement . "  As is always the case , we are working with the U.S. Department of State , the local organizers and the relevant law enforcement agencies in an effort to ensure that our delegation and other Americans traveling to Sochi are safe . " Medvedev : Huge security buildup The warnings come as Russian authorities are clamping down on suspected Islamic militants in the region surrounding Sochi , a resort city on the Black Sea coast . Russia has been battling a low-level Islamist insurgency in the North Caucasus region for more than a decade , and militants have vowed to strike at the Olympics . Among those hunted by Russian security forces are three women suspected of being "  black widows " -- a group of women who have carried out high-profile suicide bombings after government forces killed their insurgent husbands . Police have handed out fliers with the women 's names and pictures to hotels in Rostov-on-Don , a southwestern Russian town through which the Olympic Torch relay was due to pass Wednesday , and in the Sochi area . In an interview set to air Wednesday on CNN 's "  Amanpour " program , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said "  there are always some threats " to public events , "  not only this country , but also in others . " But Russian authorities are aware of those threats and are planning accordingly , he said . "  I am referring to the mobilization , buildup , of police forces , and a huge number of policemen will watch the progress of the Games , " Medvedev said . Over the weekend , as Putin told reporters that his government has a "  perfect understanding " of the threat and how to stop it , a video posted online warned that insurgents had "  a present " for Olympic visitors . ` Well-fortified ' U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , told CNN 's "  New Day " show from Moscow that there were no guarantees when it comes to safety , but the security operation in Sochi "  is the most impressive and well-fortified that we 've ever seen in Olympic history . " McCaul , who has been in Sochi to assess the security situation , said cooperation between U.S. and Russian security teams was good , but there was room for greater intelligence sharing . The Russians "  have been not quite as candid with us , " he said . "  I think we could help them a great deal if they would open up information sharing more to us . " FBI agents are now going to Sochi to work with their Russian counterparts on counterterrorism efforts , McCaul said . Amid the concerns , the top U.S. military officer discussed sharing high-tech equipment to counter improvised bombs with his Russian counterpart Tuesday , a Pentagon spokesman told CNN . The matter came up "  on an exploratory level " in a meeting between Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Russian Gen. Valery Gerasimov , said Col. Edward Thomas , a Dempsey spokesman . McCaul said President Barack Obama had also spoken with Putin about the issue . A tight security cordon is in place around Sochi , the Texas congressman said , but it 's hard to be sure that no hidden threat exists . "  The problem is , how many of these ` black widows ' ... came into this area before the ring of steel came up ? " he said . "  We also know that one of these black widows actually was able to penetrate the ring in the Sochi area . " Russia has deployed huge numbers of security officials , McCaul said , "  but it only takes one suicide bomber to get in to cause a real problem . " ` Eyes of the world ' McCaul said it was likely that insurgents would carry out more bombings on softer targets outside Sochi , like those that hit a train station and trolley bus in the southern city of Volgograd at the end of last year . "  They know the eyes of the world are on these Olympics , and what better way to make a statement , " he said . Besides U.S. security officers deployed through the diplomatic security service , Olympic teams themselves are also hiring private security teams , he said . "  My concern is the 10,000 to 15,000 Americans who will be at these Games and our Olympic team itself being protected from these potential suicide bombers , " he said . "  It 's very eerie when you go into Sochi to see the mountains and to think about these black widows , as they call them , who 've had their spouses killed by the FSB  intelligence agency  , now retaliating through suicide bombing . " However , the Olympic Village itself is "  very well fortified , " McCaul said , and there 's an impressive show of force on the ground . "  We are all very hopeful these will be safe and protected Games , " he said . The radical extremists in the region are historically more interested in targeting Russia than the United States , he added . Giuliani : ` Tremendous security ' Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who 's involved in the planning for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , told "  New Day " that it was "  too late " to reconsider the decision to hold the Winter Olympics in Sochi . "  When you look back on it , it 's awfully close to one of the worst situations in the world in terms of terrorism , exportation of terrorism , " he said . But , at the same time , "  it happens to be in a country that has tremendous security . " Giuliani said he was familiar with the Winter Olympics held in Salt Lake City , Utah , only months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Those Games were almost canceled , he said , and had "  an enormous amount of security . " As for Sochi , Russia has "  devoted more resources to security than frankly I 've ever seen , " Giuliani said . "  In retrospect , could you have picked a place that 's safer ? I guess you could ...  but  the minute you hold the Olympics in a place , whether it 's Salt Lake City or it 's Rio de Janeiro or it 's London , you have actually brought all the world 's problems to you , " he said . "  So yes , Sochi is dangerous because it 's close to the Caucasus . However , the minute you have an Olympics , every one of these causes gets attracted to you and you got ta have enormous security . " CNN 's Joseph Netto , Stephanie Halasz , Lucy Pawle , Matt Smith and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	An e-mailed threat to national Olympic committees is n't seen as credible , IOC says The U.S. Olympic Committee and several European countries received the threat The warnings come amid a Russian security clampdown ahead of the Sochi games Police are hunting suspected Islamist insurgents , including so-called black widows
"  Yes , I identify as black or African-American , but I am not a Negro , " said a 25-year-old teacher from New York City . On Monday , when Raeana Roberson took the day off from work to report for jury selection , she was not prepared for what she called an offensive and disgusting experience . The juror information card all prospective jurors have to fill out included a race category that included , "  Black , African-American , or Negro . " "  Are you kidding me ? What year is this ? " Roberson thought when she read the form . When Roberson looked around , no one else in the room was apparently concerned by this , she told CNN on Friday . Since the words "  Black , African-American , or Negro " appeared as a part of a single category , Roberson crossed out the word "  Negro " and wrote next to it , "  offensive ! It 's 2014 ! " She then snapped a picture of the form and posted it on her Facebook page . Roberson returned the form to a court employee , hoping for some sort of reaction , but there was none , she said . With grandparents from North Carolina who lived through the Jim Crow laws of racial segregation , Roberson said she is especially offended by the contemporary use of the word "  Negro . " It is outdated and has a negative connotation , Roberson said . "  I do n't think it was malicious , " said Jeffrey Sammons , a professor of history at New York University . "  Negro " has been used from the late 1900s all the way to the Harlem Renaissance and beyond , Sammons explained . There were times when the word was used to describe educated and empowered African-Americans , he said . There have been various terms that have been embraced by different generations of African-Americans , Sammons said , and "  Negro " was one of them . The term lost popularity with the arrival of the baby boomers and the black pride movement , according to Sammons . "  I believe there are many black people who still prefer that term , " said Sammons . "  It is a generational issue . " It would be a problem if the word "  Negro " appeared on the form by itself , he said Friday . Race categories for New York courts come from the U.S. Census Bureau , according to Arlene Hackel , a spokeswoman for the New York State Office of Court Administration . The courts are required to collect demographic information about prospective jurors , per Judicial Statue Section 528 . As of September 13 , 2010 , every person who appears for jury service in any city in New York must complete a scannable data card , which includes specification of race , according to the statute . However , the statute only uses the word "  black " when referring to blacks or African-Americans . According to a 2010 blog post by then director of the U.S. Census Bureau , Robert Groves , the word "  Negro " was used in the 2000 census as a result of research in the late 1990s that showed approximately 56,000 people wrote in the word "  Negro " under the "  some other race " category . More than half of these individuals were under the age of 45 in 2000 . In the 2010 census , many respondents found the use of the word "  Negro " outdated and offensive , according to a press release by the bureau . Groves apologized to those who were offended . "  I am confident that the intent of my colleagues in using the same wording as Census 2000 was to make sure as many people as possible saw words that matched their self-identities . Full inclusiveness was the goal , " Groves wrote . Following the negative feedback , the Census Bureau conducted research on race and Hispanic origin using what it called the Alternative Questionnaire Experiment , according to the press release . The study found that removing the term "  Negro " does not have an impact on data quality and therefore recommended removing the term for future data collection . The Census Bureau , which follows the Office of Management and Budget for definitions of race and ethnicity , discontinued use of the word "  Negro " at the beginning of 2014 , according to a press release . New York courts will be following suit and discontinuing the use of the word soon , according to Hackel . "  Collecting demographic data is really important ; however , they may have had a technical hiccup in their choice of language , " said analyst Greg Hurley of the National Center for State Courts . Not all states collect demographic information from prospective juror , Hurley told CNN . It is a good thing that New York courts do this in order to ensure a fair cross-section of the community , he explained . The National Center for State Courts created its own form for prospective jurors , which does not include the word "  Negro . " According to Hackel , this is the first time officials have heard of anyone being offended as a result of the race categories on juror information cards . The story was first reported by The Huffington Post .	"  Negro " used as part of race category by New York courts Prospective juror was offended and posted picture of card on Facebook U.S. Census Bureau stopped using the term at the beginning of 2014
CNN  -- Reputed Boston mob boss and longtime fugitive James "  Whitey " Bulger is the defendant in a sensational murder and racketeering trial , but proceedings Friday in federal court had one prosecutor choking up with emotion while defending the work of another law enforcement officer . And that moment came before a jury has even been seated . Assistant U.S. Attorney Fred Wyshak choked up during arguments in the case as he defended one of his main investigators , Massachusetts Lt. Steve Johnson . Wyshak was responding to a defense claim that one of the key witnesses in the case may have been involved in further criminal activity since his release from federal prison in 2007 , and that a member of the Massachusetts State Police claimed the investigation into that defense witness ' activities was compromised . In court , Bulger attorney Henry Brennan said the state trooper who complained felt "  undermined by one of his superiors , Steve Johnson . " Brennan says the trooper was "  not only undermined ... so discontent he made complaints . " The defense witness , John Mortorano , has admitted he killed 20 people as part of Bulger 's criminal organization that ruled south Boston for decades . He was released as part of a plea deal in exchange for his testimony . Wyshak acknowledged in court that the Massachusetts state police investigated claims from "  sources " that Mortorano was again involved in criminal activity after he was freed . Wyshak said the investigation included "  numerous interviews " and that the "  allegations were unfounded , " calling the accusations "  a lot of smoke . " Wyshak said the information was turned over to the defense in May . What apparently was n't turned over was an additional internal state police investigation into Johnson 's handling of the case . Wyshak , addressing U.S. District Court Judge Denise Casper , became emotional as he defended Johnson , calling him , "  one of the best law enforcement officers I know . " Wyshak said the the internal investigation found complaints against Johnson were "  unsubstantiated " and that the "  real villain is the state trooper " who he says "  went off the deep-end " and denied the allegations when confronted . Wyshak said that trooper faces disciplinary action . The judge did not rule on whether the defense is entitled to documents pertaining to the internal investigation . The conduct of law enforcement is key in the case since prosecutors allege a corrupt FBI agent aided Bulger in his criminal actives while Bulger himself was a government informant . The Friday back-and-forth came as the two sides attempt to seat a 18-member jury , including six alternates , in the high-profile case . One hundred and 50 potential jurors whose questionnaires passed muster will be further scrutinized on Monday . Bulger was arrested in California in 2011 after 16 years on the run . Now 83 , he 's charged in the killings of 19 people during his days as the leader of south Boston 's Winter Hill gang . Federal prosecutors say Bulger led the Irish mob from the late 1970s through the mid-1990s . But after Bulger fled impending racketeering charges , investigators found he had been an FBI informant whose handler tipped him off about the charges -- a tale that became the inspiration for the Oscar-winning 2006 drama "  The Departed . "	A jury has yet to be seated in the "  Whitey " Bulger trial But proceedings are already focusing on the conduct of lawmen Bulger is charged in the killings of 19 people as the leader of south Boston 's Winter Hill gang . Prosecutors say he was an FBI informant whose handler tipped him off to charges against him
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- As chairman of Ferrari , Luca di Montezemolo is used to making things that move at breakneck speed . But rather than flashy sports cars for wealthy motor enthusiasts , the Italian businessman 's latest high-velocity project aims to cater for the traveling masses . The Italo train from NTV -- a passenger rail company of which di Montezemolo is also chairman -- is a high-speed service that has been dashing between Milan , Rome and other major Italian cities since April . With its dark red color scheme , streamlined shape and speeds as fast as a formula-one car , everyone 's calling Italo the "  Ferrari train . " A cinema carriage , free Wi-Fi access throughout the train , and luxury leather seats all add to the high-performance , luxury theme . But Italo is intended to be affordable and accessible to all consumers . Both Italo and state-run rival Trenitalia currently have promotional offers , but Trenitalia 's flexible standard tickets from Rome to Milan start from $ 107 and go up to $ 200 , whereas flexible standard tickets from Rome to Milan on Italo range from $ 110 to $ 163 . "  Our idea was to do a train for everybody , " di Montezemolo says . See also : In numbers : Europe 's high-speed trains He believes rail is the best way to travel in Europe and sees the emergence of NTV as a sign of rail renaissance . "  There are other trains in Europe but for me high-speed train will be the future of Europe , " he says . While Italy has had high-speed trains since the late 1970s , NTV is the country 's first rail operator not run by the state . Montezemolo and his consortium of partners , including French state rail company SNCF , have invested â ‚ ¬ 1 billion  $ 1.2 billion  in NTV , breaking Trenitalia 's monopoly . But Trenitalia was ready for Italo 's arrival . It has spent $ 100 million upgrading the interiors of its Frecciarossa trains and introduced free Wi-Fi . It welcomes a new high-speed player and is prepared to fight for every customer . "  It 's an opportunity for the consumer , " says Trenitalia 's Emanuele Carando . "  It 's an opportunity for us to really demonstrate the power of Trenitalia and Frecciarossa ... and I think our numbers are really unbeatable . We are the first high-speed train in Italy ... we served 25 million consumers in the last year and I think our numbers are unbeatable . " Cameron Jones , vice president of rail industry technology specialists SilverRail , agrees that competition in the sector can benefit the consumer . "  Privatization and competition drives more efficient businesses , " he says . "  With more efficient businesses those benefits and savings can be passed on to customers . So service gets better , product gets better and pricing gets better . " The expansion of other rail operators across Europe is having a similar effect , says Jones . "  Competition is driving a customer approach to rail ... and not just in Italy , " he says . "  We can see that with  German rail company  Deutsche Bahn announcing they 're coming into London to compete with Eurostar . Eurostar has invested Â # 700 million in upgrading their entire fleet and adding 10 new trains in the fleet . " See also : California 's high speed train to nowhere ? Italo hopes to have 25 % of Italy 's market by 2014 , and di Montezemolo does n't rule out expanding beyond the country 's borders . "  It 's too early to think outside of Italy but I think this will be the future , " he says . Ayesha Durgahee is the resident reporter on CNN 's Business Traveller . Follow Ayesha on Twitter at @AyeshaCNN .	NTV is Italy 's first high-speed rail company not run by the state The company 's Italo service has been nicknamed the "  Ferrari train " "  High-speed trains the future of Europe , " says NTV chairman
CNN  -- Isaiah "  Ikey " Owens , the keyboardist in Jack White 's backing band , has died . The musician also played with bands such as Mars Volta and Free Moral Agents . With Owens ' passing , the remaining shows in White 's Mexican tour have been canceled . White 's record label , Third Man Records , confirmed the news in an official statement on its website on Tuesday . "  He will be missed and loved forever by his family , friends , bandmates and fans , " the statement reads . "  We will all miss you Ikey . You were and are an incredible artist . " The cause of death has yet to be revealed . Mexican officials said an investigation is ongoing . He was 38 . According to Mexican publication "  Periodico Digital , " Owens was found dead in his Puebla , Mexico , hotel room , with authorities allegedly finding drugs and alcohol inside . The musician joined White 's band in 2012 and appeared on both the artist 's solo albums . Friends and fans of Owens took to social media to share their support of the late musician . Red Hot Chili Peppers ' Flea said , "  ikey beautiful ikey oh man love what a beautiful dude . r.i.p the beautiful ikey owens . " Questlove wrote , "  dude . I 'm so hurt over this man jesus . " People we 've lost in 2014	Isaiah ` Ikey ' Owens was a beloved keyboardist in Mars Volta and Jack White 's band The cause of death has yet to be revealed ; an investigation is ongoing Remaining tour dates have been canceled
CNN  -- Five members of a family died Saturday morning when a small plane crashed at an airport in Brussels , Belgium , an airport spokesman said . The plane is thought to have crashed as it sought to make an emergency landing after encountering problems shortly after takeoff , said David Gering , spokesman for the Brussels South Charleroi Airport . "  We know it was a family of five who were all of Belgian nationality , " Gering said . He did not give the victims ' ages . The airport was shut down , with flights diverted , delayed or canceled , he said , while accident investigators examined the crash scene . It was expected to reopen Saturday afternoon . The aircraft that crashed was a privately-owned five-seater Cessna .	Five family members died when their small plane crashed , an airport official says The plane was trying to make an emergency landing when it crashed , he says The family , who were in a privately-owned Cessna , were all Belgian , he says
CNN  There are countless organizations devoted to sending letters and care packages to troops overseas , but for one deployed airman , it was about sending a little bit of overseas to his kids at home . Zackary Trissell of Oklahoma 's Air National Guard returned home Tuesday from a nine-month deployment at Ali Al Salem Air Base in Kuwait , but he 's been corresponding with his three stepchildren with the help of a cherished childhood toy and a camera . Trissell was given three Lego figurines before he left by his stepson Matthew , who has muscular dystrophy . Matthew said the Legos represented him and his siblings . His older brother also lives with muscular dystrophy . "  Matthew  said if he could walk and was n't in a wheelchair , that he would have joined the military , " his mother , Linda Trissell , told CNN affiliate KOCO . While stationed in Kuwait , Zackary Trissell decided to have a little fun with the toys and started snapping them in full military mode , whether in front of a Humvee or with pilots in a cockpit . He included captions like "  Hey , Matthew ! This one 's for you ! " and "  Boots on the ground baby !!! " "  The kids got a kick out of it , so it was a way I kind of kept connected with them while I was gone , " Trissell said upon his arrival home , after embracing his wife . "  They need support getting through this deployment , just like we do over there . "	An airman sent his stepson a Lego-based photo series while deployed His stepson wo n't be able to join the military because he is wheelchair-bound
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- "  Now , come , travel back in time . See where and how these rulers lived , " Harrison Ford 's deep voice beckons just before double doors swing open into a labyrinth of galleries displaying more than 130 ancient Egyptian artifacts . This canopic stopper covered one of the openings of a container that held King Tutankhamun 's internal organs . The recorded introduction a la "  Indiana Jones " welcomes visitors to a new exhibit featuring treasures from boy king Tutankhamun 's tomb and artifacts tied to rulers spanning 2,000 years of Egyptian history . "  Tutankhamun : The Golden King and the Great Pharaohs , " presented by Emory University 's Michael C. Carlos Museum , premieres in the United States on November 15 at the Atlanta Civic Center . An array of objects associated with rulers dating from Egypt 's Fourth Dynasty into the Late Period  about 2600 B.C. to 660 B.C.  makes this the largest and most encyclopedic exhibit featuring Egyptian pharaohs presented in the U.S. , according to exhibition curator David Silverman , who has worked on other exhibits focusing on Tutankhamun . "  A lot of people , when they hear ` Tut , ' they think of gold , they think of the mummy , and they think of the discovery -- all of which is important . But when you think of more than 300 pharaohs , 31 dynasties , -LSB- Tutankhamun 's -RSB- is only one of them , " Silverman said . Listen to Silverman describe the ancient burial process and artifacts found in King Tut 's tomb " Carefully focused pools of light illuminate stone pharaohs , gold and carnelian jewels and objects intended for the afterlife in darkened galleries looking at themes including the family life , religion , court and gold of the rulers . A golden mask found on the mummy of Psusennes I presides over the gold gallery . Considered by ancient Egyptians to be the skin of the gods , gold was highly prized and used extensively in royal burial to assure pharaohs ' divinity in the afterlife . A gold collar found on the body of Neferuptah , daughter of Amenemhat III , showcases an intricate arc of carnelian and feldspar that terminates with golden falcon heads . Tour the galleries with exhibition curators " Four rooms at the end of the exhibit correspond with the four chambers of King Tutankhamun 's tomb . He was one of the last rulers of the 18th Dynasty ; his rule started in 1333 B.C. when he was only 9 or 10 years old and ended in 1323 B.C. when he died under mysterious circumstances . A tented entry , larger-than-life photos of archaeologist Howard Carter and his financial backer , Lord Carnarvon , and photos of the archaeological dig that revealed the tomb set the scene for some of the riches discovered by Carter in 1922 . One of four coffinettes that each held one of the king 's internal organs is among the lavish burial ornaments on display . Statuettes of servants also were found in the tomb , placed there to ensure that the king would do no forced labor in the afterlife . Ancient ritual and modern technology collide in the final gallery , where visitors can see CT scans of Tutankhamun 's mummy , part of an Egyptian research project in collaboration with National Geographic that will scan all of the ancient mummies . The scans of the boy king , long suspected to have been murdered , show no signs of foul play . A suspicious dark spot on the back of the skull was revealed to be a result of the embalming process , Silverman said . Other recent discoveries ? "  Unlike any of the representations that we see of Tut , these scans show that he had a recessed chin and a rather pronounced overbite , " Silverman said . After its conclusion in Atlanta in May , "  Tutankhamun : The Golden King and the Great Pharaohs " will open at the end of June in Indiana at the Children 's Museum of Indianapolis . CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	"  Tutankhamun : The Golden King and the Great Pharaohs " opens in Atlanta Exhibit places King Tut in a continuum of Egyptian history 130 artifacts span 2,000 years and more than a dozen reigns
CNN  -- Four shootings in less than an hour left three people dead in Omaha , Nebraska , police said . Two shooting victims were killed , as was one gunman , who was not identified , police said . Two other people were critically wounded . The shootings all took place in south Omaha on Saturday , the same day the city kicked off the College World Series -- the NCAA championship for baseball . Officers responded at 2:03 p.m. to the first shooting , which left 31-year-old Aaron Anderson in critical condition , police said . At 2:23 p.m. , police responded to another shooting across town , which critically injured 46-year-old Angel Cabrera . Four minutes later , officers arrived at the scene of a third shooting . Pascual Bautista-Raymundo , 25 , was hospitalized but later died , police said . Around 2:30 p.m. , there was a fourth shooting , in which 25-year-old Anthony Vazzano died . A neighbor followed the suspect and gave police his location . When officers caught up with the suspect , a gunbattle ensued . Police fatally shot the suspect ; no officers were injured . Omaha police said at a Sunday news conference that it appeared Anderson was targeted and the other shootings were random , CNN affiliate KETV reported . Police also are looking for the driver of a 1995 Ford Thunderbird who was seen near Anderson 's apartment before the shooting , the station said . Colt : No apologies for arming America Temperatures are up -- so are shootings in NYC	NEW : Police say first victim was targeted , other attacks were random , CNN affiliate reports Three people are dead and two are critically injured Authorities release names of four victims Four shootings occur within an hour in south Omaha , police say
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says he feels no pressure to run for president at 47 because a certain political rival of his is toying with the idea well into her 60s . "  I could run 20 years from now and still be about the same age as the former Secretary of State  Hillary Clinton  is right now , " the Republican governor said in an interview Sunday with CNN affiliate WITI . Walker , who was recently re-elected for a second term , says he believes that the closer you get to running for president , the more you realize how crazy you have to be to actually do it . "  The closer you get to something like that the more you realize -- and I say this only half jokingly -- that you have to be crazy to want to be president , " he said . "  And anyone who has seen pictures of this president or any of the former presidents can see the before and after . No matter how fit , no matter how young they are , they age pretty rapidly . " Noting the toll a presidency takes on one 's health , Walker opened up about his bald spot becoming an issue on the campaign trail . "  One of the frustrations for my campaign staff is they felt -- for whatever reason -- my opponent largely faced little or no scrutiny about anything , so it was an interesting contrast when I talked about the bald spot on the back of my head , which has admittedly grown beyond just being the focal point of a story or two , " Scott said . "  It was just one of those things where you raise your eyebrows and say , ` really ? ' But , you know , it is what it is . " But despite his national presence and ongoing speculation about a 2016 presidential run , Walker says that he still feels compelled to serve out his term as governor . "  The only thing I think someone ... should run for president not because they want to be or yearn to be , but because they feel called to , " he said . "  Right now , I still feel called to be the governor of the state of Wisconsin , and I 'm going to do the best job I can over the next four years . " This is not the first time the potential 2016 candidate has taken a dig at Clinton 's age . Shortly after the latest midterm elections , Walker told Fox News that Clinton , who recently turned 67 , embodies "  old " politics . "  I think the biggest loser  in the midterms  was Hillary Clinton , " Walker said . "  She embodies Washington . She embodies that old , tired top-down approach from the government . I think in the states as governors , we offer a much better alternative , and I think there 's a number of us who would be good prospects out there . "	Wisconsin 's governor says he has a lot of time to run for president , if he wants to Walker noted that he could wait to run for 20 years and be same age as Hillary Clinton The governor also said "  you have to be crazy to want to be president " Walker is often mentioned as a strong GOP contender for the 2016 race
CNN  -- She had nightmares about taking part in the New York City Marathon -- in one she even dreamed she was dead prior to getting to the start line -- but it turns out Caroline Wozniacki need not have worried . For one the tennis ace from Denmark completed the grueling 26.2-mile journey Sunday , which was impressive enough given only about a week ago did Wozniacki 's lengthy season come to an end in Asia . Secondly the former world No. 1 posted a time of just over three hours and 26 minutes . Wozniacki tweeted the secret to her finishing was "  carb loading , " posting a picture of herself munching mountains of popcorn , while watching the New York Rangers play ice hockey against the Winnipeg Jets with friend Serena Williams on Saturday . Waiting for her at the finish line was Williams , who just happened to beat Wozniacki in the U.S. Open final in New York two months ago . "  I never tried anything this hard , " Wozniacki was quoted as saying by the New York Daily News . "  This is the toughest physical challenge ever . "  You have to keep going , keep going . I just kept grinding out there . " It was always on Wozniacki 's "  bucket list " to run the marathon and she raised funds for the charity Team for Kids . Despite Wozniacki 's athletic background , the race did n't go down without a hitch . She hit a wall , said the Daily News , at the 20-mile mark . But the 24-year-old -- formerly engaged to golf No. 1 Rory McIlroy -- ended strongly and was congratulated by Williams . Her feat also drew praise from fellow players and retired greats such as Billie Jean King . Wozniacki said completing the marathon would help her tennis game . "  I know I can be out there for hours and be fine , " she was quoted as saying by the Daily News . "  I can keep battling it out there and I think that 's a great mental advantage to have when you go out to play . " Presumably , though , she 'll take a break first .	Caroline Wozniacki completes the New York Marathon in just over three hours , 26 minutes She was met at the finish line by one of her best pals , fellow tennis player Serena Williams Wozniacki ran for charity after saying it was on her "  bucket list " to take part in the race Wozniacki was formerly engaged to the world 's top-ranked golfer , Rory McIlroy
Hengdian , China  CNN  -- Never send a live cable across a body of water . Never . It 's just good common sense . But not for the local film crew I was working with in China 's Hengdian Studios . To power the lights for an episode of CNN 's "  On China , " a locally hired grip tied a rope to the end of a cable . From the movie set bridge he was standing on , he called out to a colleague to catch it on the other side of a moat and begin pulling the charged cable across . Fortunately , they were stopped before the count of three . Movie-making in China is not for the timid -- something I learned both behind the scenes and while talking to some of China 's leading movie-makers in Hengdian , home of the world 's largest outdoor film studio . GALLERY : Where China 's best films are made Sprawling across some 2,500 acres with a full replica of the Forbidden City , Hengdian World Studios is where Zhang Yimou 's "  Hero " was filmed as well as countless TV dramas for the Mainland market . It 's also where grips like to take short cuts with cables , and makeup artists do touch-ups with dirty brushes .  I opted to do my own makeup for the shoot . Movie-making in China is a quick and dirty business , a process director Eva Jin affectionately calls "  China Speed . " Her 2009 romantic comedy starring Zhang Ziyi , "  Sophie 's Revenge , " earned 100 million RMB  $ 16 million  at the box office , making her China 's first female director to break that symbolic barrier . "  The process in Hollywood is so slow , " Jin says . "  The average project development time is four years . In China , if you have a good script , tomorrow you can get the money . "  A few days later , the set is built . That 's ` China Speed . ' " As a purveyor of Chinese rom-coms , Jin has the benefit of speeding through China 's censorship regime . That 's not the case for Lu Chuan , a director unafraid to challenge convention . His third film , "  City of Life and Death , " was a commercial success but also received notice for its sympathetic portrayal of Japanese soldiers during the Nanjing Massacre . So how did he get it past the censors ? "  I do n't know , " says Lu . "  You have to allow them to check your script . For the script , it took almost one year , and after you finish the movie and post-production , you have to show the videotape to the censors and  it takes  another half a year . " "  It 's not the fault of a certain person , " Lu adds . "  It 's a system . " Working with Hollywood studio execs in China , producer Dan Mintz describes the censorship process as a moving target . As CEO of DMG Entertainment , he 's responsible for bringing blockbuster Hollywood-China co-productions to the big screen including "  Looper " and "  Iron Man 3 . " "  If you look at the films that are actually shown here , a lot of them do n't really follow the rules , " he says . Mintz references a list published by the government that details what types of films can not be screened in China . Examples of prohibited movies include those that "  disrupt social order , " "  endanger social morality " or "  promote cults and superstition . " "  If you look at that list , basically you would not really be able to make anything , " says Mintz . "  That 's very Chinese in a sense , saying ` let me say what you ca n't do , and we 'll work our way backwards . ' " Take , for example "  Looper . " A strict interpretation of the list would have filmmakers shy away from a time travel movie in fear of "  promoting cults and superstition . " But ultimately , the sci-fi thriller was filmed partly in China and became a major box office success in the country last year . "  Stars have rules , studios have rules , everybody has rules . You just forge ahead and if it 's something that 's really worthwhile , it will come out , " says Mintz . Eva Jin is also pragmatic in her view of the process : "  As filmmakers , we 're so used to getting everybody 's different input into the process , sometimes from investors , sometimes from producers , sometimes from the talent . We just have to deal with it and be smart about it . " But Lu Chuan is calling for change in the censorship system , hoping that Chinese filmmakers can be governed less by guesswork and more by a transparent rating system . Lu says there must be change for the sake of his craft and also because his audience demands it . "  In an American movie , you can blow up the White House . We can not blow up  Tiananmen  Square . It 's different . But the audience wants to see a lot of exciting visual things . So I think the leadership will think about that . " He 's asking for the freedom to film China 's own "  Independence Day , " the freedom to blow up anything without fear of political blowback . Just try to get it on film if that gonzo grip is standing by .	This month 's episode of "  On China " focuses on country 's booming film industry Episode filmed in world 's largest outdoor film studio , Hengdian World Studios Director Eva Jin says industry operates on "  China Speed , " much faster than Hollywood Lu Chuan calls for change in the censorship system to a more transparent rating system
CNN  -- Bombers killed at least seven people at a pro-regime Syrian satellite channel Wednesday , the government said , as world diplomats were making another try at ending the violence raging across the country . "  Terrorists planted explosive devices " in the headquarters of al-Ikhbaria , located near Damascus , killing three journalists and four security guards , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . The attackers also ransacked and destroyed studios , the news outlet said . "  The massacre wo n't go unpunished , " Information Minister Amre al-Zoubi said . The regime of President Bashar al-Assad has accused foreign media of conspiring against the country and said al-Ikhbaria works to counter the "  sinister campaign . " But observers say al-Ikhbaria is a mouthpiece for the government 's propaganda , refusing to acknowledge the regime 's violence on dissidents seeking freedom . The bombing comes a day after al-Assad said his restive country is in a "  state of war " and as United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan scheduled a meeting of top diplomats Saturday in Geneva , Switzerland , to tackle the conflict . Turkey hardens military position after Syria downs jet After more than 15 months , unrest in the Arab nation shows no sign of abating . Internationally , tension rose last week after Syria shot down a Turkish jet , an act deplored by NATO and many Western nations . At least 83 people were killed in nationwide violence Wednesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The diplomats want to address an environment in which , according to a U.N. report published Wednesday , new rebel groups are emerging and fighters are making strides and gaining potency . "  The situation on the ground has dramatically changed in the last three months as the hostilities by anti-government armed groups each day take on more clearly the contours of an insurrection , " said the report , issued by the Independent Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic . "  As a result of the estimated flow of new weapons and ammunitions , both to the government forces and to the anti-government armed groups , the situation risks becoming more aggravated in the coming months . The international community must not fail to implement a concerted effort to put an end to the violence . " The United Nations and other entities tracking the conflict in Syria noted the increasing clout of anti-government forces in past months . The report cites this trend , saying rebel "  operations in some locations are improving in efficiency and organization . " The opposition is growing across Syria and fighting government forces on several fronts . The groups are engaging with government forces in "  direct combat " and are attacking military and security facilities , the report said . "  Their increasing capacity to access and make use of available weapons has been demonstrated in recent weeks , " the report said . It said rebels have n't gotten "  new or more sophisticated weaponry . " But they are using improvised explosive devices "  against army and security convoys , patrols and facilities such as military buildings and checkpoints . " "  In at least one case , this has led to collateral damage among civilians and their properties . According to reliable sources , anti-government armed groups have also been using IEDs in assassinations , targeting government officials and individuals from the army and security forces . " The report said rebel forces "  have effectively challenged " the regime 's authority in Damascus , Homs , Hama , Idlib and Aleppo provinces . For example , it said , the government forces ' control of the country 's borders has been regularly undermined , and cross-border movements of refugees as well as of anti-government fighters appear to be more frequent and fluid . Can Turkey force U.S. and other NATO countries to attack Syria ? Burhan Ghalioun , former president of the opposition Syrian National Council based in Turkey , said he slipped over the border into Syria on a brief visit to Idlib province , and described rebel resolve and bravery amid a moonscape of destruction . "  The spirits of the fighters are very , very high , " he told CNN . "  They are ready to die for their freedom . The major problem that the fighters are facing is the nonstop bombardment by planes and tanks . This is making the battle difficult as the rebels do n't have heavy weapons . Many cities and towns are already liberated . I was driven around Idlib in a car with a banner saying ` The Free Syrian Army . ' " Many observers say the rebel fighting forces have been too autonomous and have lacked central command . Ghalioun said they are "  very united " and "  cooperating among themselves . " "  Despite that , there is no serious arming ; the rebels are gathering arms from the attacks and battles they do with the regime forces , " he said . "  They are so organized on the ground , they have formed committees to help each other : medical , social , political , etc. . I am simply amazed . " The Commission of Inquiry is investigating the killings last month of more than 100 people in the Houla region -- where most of those slain were reportedly women and children -- but has been limited because it has n't gotten access to the country . It has had to conduct interviews with people by telephone or in the countries to which they fled . So far , it said , it ca n't rule out , "  with the available evidence , " the possibility that perpetrators include pro-government militias , rebels or foreign groups . But , it said , "  forces loyal to the government may have been responsible for many of the deaths . " Many observers believe the Houla killings may have resulted from sectarian violence . Houla comprises three towns with a majority Sunni population . They are ringed by Shiite and Alawite villages . Most Syrians are Sunni , and many of them support the opposition . The government is dominated by Alawites , an offshoot of Shiism . "  Where previously victims were targeted on the basis of their being pro- or anti-government , the  Commission of Inquiry  has recorded a growing number of incidents where victims appear to have been targeted because of their religious affiliation , " the report said , describing conditions across Syria . The commission said special envoy Annan 's peace initiative "  offers the best framework for a resolution of the conflict , " and Annan 's planned Saturday meeting of the Action Group for Syria will work on steps to implement his six-point peace initiative . Annan said Wednesday he invited the top diplomats of the five permanent members of the Security Council -- China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States -- and Turkey . Envoys from the United Nations , European Union , and Arab League also were invited . The Action Group for Syria should "  agree on guidelines and principles for a Syrian-led political transition that meets the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people ; and agree on actions that will make these objectives a reality on the ground , " Annan said . "  I look forward to a productive meeting this weekend , where we can all agree on concrete actions to end the cycle of violence and bring peace and stability to the Syrian people . " U.S. sees stalemate in Syrian fighting U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton plans to attend the meeting . Speaking in Helsinki , Finland , she said that , if participants can meet on the basis of laying out a road map to a political transition in Syria , "  then a meeting makes a lot of sense " and "  could be a turning point . " A transition road map backed by Russia and China , which have blocked tough previous attempts by the Security Council to act against Syria , would send a strong message to the al-Assad regime , she said . Annan had wanted to invite Iran to the meeting , but the United States opposed that , noting Tehran 's support for al-Assad 's forces . The United Nations estimates more than 10,000 people have been killed since the Syrian crisis began in March 2011 . Opposition activists say the death toll has exceeded 15,000 , most of them civilians . About 1.5 million Syrians "  are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance , " said Jean-Marie Guehenno , U.N.-Arab League deputy envoy to Syria . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Rima Maktabi , Barbara Starr and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 83 people killed in Syria on Wednesday , opposition group says Action Group for Syria diplomats will convene in Switzerland A U.N. report details the growing clout of rebel forces U.N. : About 1.5 million people are in need of "  urgent " humanitarian aid
CNN  -- Famed tenor Luciano Pavarotti , who died on Thursday at the age of 71 , was one of opera 's most adaptable and ebullient performers , appearing on stage with singers as varied as Dame Joan Sutherland , U2 's Bono and Liza Minnelli . Much as the star power of Rudolf Nureyev and Mikhail Baryshnikov revived widespread interest in classical ballet in the 1970s and 1980s , Pavarotti 's beaming charisma and bravura style captured the attention of the late-20th-century audience for opera . Widely considered the greatest tenor of his time , Pavarotti began his life modestly in Modena , the son of Fernando , a baker and amateur singer , and Adele , who worked at the local tobacco factory . "  I dreamed to become a singer when I was four and I hear my father singing in the church with a beautiful tenor voice , " he told CNN in a 1991 interview . "  And I say to myself , well , let 's try to do something . " The young Pavarotti -- who played soccer with his town 's junior team -- joined the church choir with his father and traveled with him to Wales , where the singing group won first prize at the Llangollen International singing competition . Although the experience left Pavarotti enthralled with singing , he graduated from the local teaching institute in 1955 and taught elementary school for two years , then worked as an insurance salesman . He continued his vocal studies , however , working first with with Arrigo Pola and then with Ettore Campogalliani . Then , in 1961 , Pavarotti won the prestigious Concorso Internazionale and made his operatic debut at the Reggio Emilia Theater as Rodolfo in Giacomo Puccini 's "  La Boheme . " His fame spread throughout Italy and then throughout the European continent as he made his international debut in Giuseppe Verdi 's "  La Traviata " in Belgrade . When Dame Joan Sutherland brought him on-stage with her during a performance of Gaetano Donizetti 's "  Lucia di Lammermoor " with the Greater Miami Opera in 1965 , Pavarotti began his American career . He debuted at New York 's Metropolitan Opera House three years later , and eventually marked 379 performances there , including his final opera , Puccini 's "  Tosca " in 2004 , in which he performed as the painter Mario Cavaradossi . In between Pavarotti sold millions of records and raised millions of dollars for charity through benefit concerts , often sharing the stage with pop stars as well as other opera singers . Of his recordings , 1990 's "  The Essential Pavarotti " was the first classical album to reach No. 1 on Britain 's pop charts , where it remained for five weeks . 1994 's "  The Three Tenors in Concert , " with Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras , remains the best selling classical album of all time . Pavarotti joined with Domingo and Carreras in 1990 , and although critics complained that Pavarotti 's vocal skills were waning , the trio performed together for 14 years . Among his charities were a 1995 "  Concert for Bosnia " that raised $ 8.5 million and other concerts that raised $ 3.3 million for refugees from Afghanistan and $ 1 million for refugees from Kosovo . In artistic terms , Pavarotti brought to the stage a voice neatly suited to the traditional bel canto , or "  beautiful singing " style , essential to 17th-century Italian opera . As much about intensity as pitch , bel canto focuses the voice , concentrating the sound with both outstanding warmth and agility . So demanding is this work even of the best singers that Pavarotti in concert recital could be seen rising to the balls of his feet during the most challenging passages . A long , white handkerchief always hung from one hand as he sang , his eyebrows arched high in the effort , forming an expression seemingly of surprise at his own success . From his small beginnings , Pavarotti rose to great heights , performing in front of 500,000 people in New York 's Central Park -- a concert seen by millions on television -- and before another 300,000 at Paris ' Eiffel Tower . He won countless awards and honors -- including five Grammies -- and was named United Nations Messenger for Peace by then-Secretary-General Kofi Annan . He launched an international competition , The Pavarotti International Voice Competition , in 1982 . He even founded a teaching facility for young singers in his home town . His signature aria , Puccini 's "  Nessun Dorma " from "  Turandot , " was chosen as the theme music for the 1990 soccer World Cup , hosted by Italy . He also performed the aria at the opening ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin . The great singer was also known as an equestrian expert , organizing one of the international show jumping circuit 's most important competitions , the Pavarotti International , in Modena . Coinciding with that event , Pavarotti also staged an annual charity concert , Pavarotti and Friends . The portly singer retired from staged opera in 2004 , but was on a "  farewell tour " of concerts when he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2006 and underwent emergency surgery to remove the tumor . Although the remaining concerts of his tour were canceled , his management said that he hoped to resume the tour in 2007 . When cancer finally stopped Pavarotti from singing , it was only the second interruption of his career . "  I think I just stopped for one year when from a kid I become a man and the voice is changing , " he said in 1991 . "  I was an alto and became a tenor and that is the only time I think I remember to have stopped singing . Otherwise I have sung all my life . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Porter Anderson contributed to this report .	Luciano Pavarotti widely considered the greatest tenor of his time The Italian 's charisma and bravura style attracted a new audience to opera Singer retired from staged opera in 2004 ; diagnosed with cancer in 2006
CNN  -- Do you know the mascot for South Dakota State ? Can you come up with the all-time record for No. 16 seeds ? How about the starting backcourt for the Michigan Wolverines ? No ? Well , to prepare you for Selection Sunday and the three weeks of March Madness , here is an A to Z primer on the NCAA Tournament that will cap a wildly unpredictable season in college basketball . A is for Anyone , which is pretty much who can claim the NCAA title . That does n't mean you should pick Liberty -- which brings a 15-20 record into the tournament -- in your office pool . But unlike one year ago , when Kentucky was heavily favored from the start of the season , there are a dozen teams that can legitimately say they have a chance to clip the nets in Atlanta in three weeks . B is for Big East , which is splitting into three directions next year . The seven Catholic members are retaining the name and plan to add a few other top basketball schools . Syracuse and Pittsburgh are joining the Atlantic Coast Conference next season . And the remaining schools are combining with several newcomers to form a yet-to-be-named conference . Will the league that gave us Patrick Ewing and Villanova 's upset and the three Connecticut championships go out with one last hoorah ? As usual , it will have a lot of chances , with as many as eight members in the field of 68 . C is for Creighton , and if you 're looking for a reason to pick the Bluejays in your office pool , look no further than Doug McDermott . The junior forward is the second leading scorer in the nation with 23.1 points a game . D is for Duke , which will be looking for its fifth national title under Hall of Fame coach Mike Krzyzewski -- and might be favored to get it . The Blue Devils went 27-4 despite missing center Ryan Kelly for seven weeks . Kelly scored a career-high 36 points in his return against Miami , the league 's regular season champion . If the Blue Devils were good without him , imagine what they might do with him . E is for Eagles , which is the mascot for a lot of teams , of course , including NCAA Tournament newcomer Florida Gulf Coast . The Fort Myers , Florida , school was established in 1991 and had its first classes in 1997 . The Eagles did n't make the full transition to Division 1 athletics until 2011 , in fact , so their arrival on the national stage this soon might be most surprising . F is for Fuller , and that 's what the F in Stephen F. Austin stands for . Austin was known as the "  Father of Texas , " and the college that bears his name is back in the tournament for the second time after winning the Southland Conference with a 26-3 record . Bleacher Report : NCAA Bracket 2013 Predictions G is for Golden Eagles , the nickname for Marquette . They tend to fly under the radar in the Big East , but once again colorful head coach Buzz Williams had them tied for the regular-season title . It seems like a matter of time before he takes this program back to the Final Four . Is this the year ? H is for Harvard , and after ending a 65-year NCAA Tournament drought last season , the Crimson is back in the field again . "  I just feel like the basketball gods have been on our side , " Crimson player Christian Webster said , and Harvard might need them : The Ivy League has a 31-59 record in the tournament since 1957 . I is for Indiana , and this year , the mighty Hoosiers have stormed back on the national stage under head coach Tom Crean . They are the second in the nation in scoring at 80.8 points a game , led by sophomore forward Cody Zeller at 16.8 points and 8.1 rebounds . Will that mean a Final Four trip ? If so , it 'll end an a long drought for one of the most loyal fan bases in the sport : The Hoosiers have just one Final Four appearance  2002  in the past 20 years . J is for Jackrabbits , and while they do not normally inspire fear , if the matchup is right , they could make noise as a higher seed . South Dakota State is in the tournament for the second straight year . K is for Kentucky , the defending national champs and most prominent bubble team in years . Are the Wildcats in ? Or are the Wildcats out ? Unless they win the SEC Tournament this weekend , they 'll be sweating out the selection show in Lexington .  Our guess : They 're in -- barely . L is for Louisville , that other national power in the Bluegrass State . Can the Cardinals keep the NCAA title in-state ? They 're certainly on a roll . They entered the Big East Tournament with wins in 10 of their last 11 games , and that single loss was to Notre Dame -- in five overtimes . Bleacher Report : Projecting Cinderella Teams That Will Make a Deep Run M is for Michigan , and if you 're wondering why the Wolverines are back in contention for a national title , look no further than the backcourt . Trey Burke is a national player of the year candidate averaging 19.2 points and 6.8 assists a game , while Tim Hardaway Jr. adds 14.8 points and 4.7 rebounds . N is for Notre Dame , and if you see the Fighting Irish in the tournament field , you 're probably going to wonder : What are they wearing ? Adidas has provided several teams , including Cincinnati , Kansas and UCLA , with outfits that the Wall Street Journal described as "  the wrong kind of crazy . " You 'll have to see for yourselves . Just do n't stare for long . O is for Orange , and Syracuse is back in the field under head coach Jim Boeheim , as usual . But how many more years will the 68-year-old Boeheim , who won his 900th game , keep coaching ? "  I never think about the next season until after the season , " he said at the Big East Tournament , "  because during the season I want to quit every single game , even when we win . " P is for Porter , as in Georgetown forward Otto Porter , the Big East Player of the Year . Porter is one of the best stories in college basketball , a 6 ' 8 " forward from a small Missouri town who had never stepped on an airplane before visiting the school 's Washington campus . Can he lead the Hoyas their first title since 1984 ? Q is for Quixotic , which has been the quest for Quinnipiac to take its quintessential place as the Q in the A to Z. Come on , Bobcats . Get it done ! R is for Rameses , the horned mascot for North Carolina , who will be making an appearance this tournament after all . It did n't look good for the perennial power Tar Heels for much of the season , but a six-game winning streak late in the season should ensure that head coach Roy Williams ' team is back in the field . S is for Sixteen , and if you 're an amateur bracketologist , you know that no No. 16 seed has ever won a game in the NCAA Tournament since it expanded to 64 teams in 1985 . Is this the year of the upset to end all upsets ? "  I think this is the year that a 16 could possibly beat a 1 for the first time , " Louisville coach Rick Pitino said . Before you make that pick in your office pool , remember : The 16s are 0-112 all-time in the tournament . T is for triple digits , and if you 're wondering how a James Madison team that is 234th in scoring , 254th in rebounds , 253rd in assists and 240th in field-goal percentage made the tournament field , well , that 's March . The Dukes got hot and won the Colonial Athletic Association Tournament . U is for UCLA , which will be back in the field during the 75th anniversary of the NCAA Tournament . Sports Illustrated recently ranked the top 75 players in tournament history , and Nos. 1 and 2 belonged to the greatest dynasty in its history : Lew Alcindor and Bill Walton . V is for Valparaiso , a Cinderella of old that 's back in the tournament for the first time since 2004 . The Crusaders are coached by Bryce Drew , who hit the remarkable buzzer-beater to stun Ole Miss in the 1998 tournament . His father , Homer Drew , was the coach that year , and his brother , Scott Drew , coaches Baylor . Bleacher Report : Breaking Down Top Sleeper Teams to Watch W is for Western Kentucky , back in the NCAA Tournament field , and while its stay might not last long , its lovable amorphous mascot Big Red will have a chance to make One Shining Moment montage that airs after the national title game . And that is where he belongs . X is for Xavier , which is in danger of missing the NCAA Tournament after reaching the field in 11 of the last 12 seasons . The Musketeers , who reached the Sweet 16 a year ago , are 17-13 this season in the Atlantic 10 . Y is for Youth , and as usual , plenty of young stars are on the top teams . Marcus Smart was voted Associated Press freshman of the year for leading Oklahoma State back to the NCAA Tournament after a two-year absence . Shabazz Muhammad  UCLA  and Ben McLemore  Kansas  are two other talented rookies to watch this year . Z is for Zags , the unofficial nickname of the Gonzaga Bulldogs , and that wo n't be a typo in your bracket . Once a plucky underdog , they are expected to be one of the No. 1 seeds when the field is revealed . Will they prove the selection committee was right with a run to their first Final Four ? That will be determined over the next three weeks . That 's what makes this tournament so much fun .	The NCAA Tournament brackets will be revealed on Selection Sunday , March 17 Need help ushering in March Madness 2013 ? This primer explains your brackets WSJ on Notre Dame , Cincinnati , UCLA , Kansas ' Adidas uniforms : "  Wrong kind of crazy " No. 16 seed has n't won a game in NCAA Tournament since it expanded to 64 teams in 1985
CNN  -- David Zyla remembers when he was 5 years old and his parents were getting ready for a dinner party . He spied his mother reaching for a necklace , and he recommended that she wear a different one . Then he turned to his father and boldly suggested he wear a different tie with his shirt -- and not be afraid to mix patterns . "  That was the moment , " Zyla said . "  I think I was instinctively choosing things that suited them more . I 've always felt there was an appropriateness for each person . " It is no surprise that Zyla followed his passion to New York University to study costume design , then pursued a career in fashion . For a new season of warm-weather fashion trends , the Emmy-winning stylist is sharing his "  Style DNA " philosophy that has aided his celebrity clients . In Zyla 's eyes , not only is each person unique in their appearance , but they have "  true colors " that are inherent , and indicative of their personality and style -- found in a person 's eyes , hair and skin tones . The stylist also offers help in his book , "  The Color of Style , " which came out in paperback last year . Zyla sat down with CNN for an interview last week to talk about spring and summer fashions , how to wear them in your own way and why everyone should embrace their true colors . The following is a transcript edited for length and clarity . CNN : What is your style philosophy ? Zyla : If you think about it like this , you are the subject of a great painting and what you chose to fill in around you illuminates you , or it can make you recede . I feel there has been a lot of mystery around what looks good on people . My goal with all of this is I really believe that everyone has the right to look and feel fantastic . Everyone loves compliments , especially the compliment "  You look great , " as opposed to "  Great fill-in-the-brand-name-skirt-here . " Color is not that much of a commodity -- it 's attainable and the perfect way to express who we are . Your clothes and color should be used as raw materials to illustrate you -- you are the focal point . Your skin tone is your skin tone , you can either embrace it and illuminate it , or you can distract from it . Your skin , eyes and hair exist as givens , then you fill in the rest around it . It 's very important to be who we are , we 're all so unique , and I really want to triumph the individual . CNN : What are those key looks for spring and summer ? Zyla : One of the things I would say is an important piece is the draped skirt . If you never have worn a pencil skirt , and you know it 's not your best , do n't do a draped pencil skirt . But if you always wear a-line and feel great in it , do a draped a-line skirt if you want to update . Take the trends and customize them for you . Also , white is a huge thing right now , which every couple of years it comes back , and this year is a more diaphanous approach where you 're layering and so on . Individualize it by choosing your white . If you never wear stark white , and you look better in ivory , wear ivory . You do n't have to follow the trends to the runway level , you should follow them to the customized version of you level . The way to find your white is you should match the white of your eyes . Another big trend are baroque patterns -- big chains and medallion prints . These very large prints can be overpowering . A great rule of thumb is if the print repeat is bigger than your head , it 's too large . If you are someone who feels much better in solids , do it in an accessory -- a scarf or handbag that has that print on it . CNN : Were there any designers whose styles you were particularly excited to see in the spring or summer collection ? Zyla : There are several . Tracy Reese makes me excited every year . The fact that she creates the scale of the collection that she does every year and it has just enough theatricality to it to make the pieces stand out , yet they do n't look like costumes . She really is a talented designer with the perfect mix -- the balance is fantastic . I also love the dress designer Jay Godfrey . His dresses for spring are completely up-to-the-minute exciting , and a variety of silhouettes . Nanette Lepore is very good , I 'm loving what I 'm seeing there . I really think it is a very exciting spring season . The reason I 'm excited about the designers I 'm mentioning is they are n't just connected to one thing , they are doing nice variety . CNN : How do you embrace your style amidst the changing seasons ? Zyla : Dressing in layers is always a good idea and prepare for what you 're going to do that way as well . Atlanta , San Francisco , there area a lot of cities like this where each particular day can be drastically different . Throw a sweater in your bag , dress with a layer that can come off and think ahead of time . The best thing to do is think about the fabric of your clothing . As beautiful as linen is , it 's not going to last until lunch -- it 's going to be a wrinkled mess . Cotton is going to breathe . Natural fabrics that have a little weight to them are always going to be your friend because they will last through the day . CNN : Because the styles are more open this season , are there any key pieces that a lot of people can wear ? Zyla : One of the trends is very bright , neon , what I call hyper-Popsicle colors -- very , very vivid , and I would say that if you want to have that , take one of the colors the looks great on you , and do it in an unexpected piece , like a skirt or coat . A lot of times , we think of these vivid colors in accents or smaller things , I think this is the season to embrace the vividness . I 'm not saying just because tangerine tango is the color of spring that everyone should wear it . If the brightest color on your palette is an American beauty rose pink , why do n't you use that in an unexpected way ? Wearing a color that does n't suit you , you 're not going to be comfortable . CNN : What do you address in your book , "  The Color of Style " ? Zyla : I address the idea that we all have an authentic style and true colors . In the first part of the book , I lead you to finding these true colors and what is your dramatic , romantic and energy color , and they all do very different things . Some make you feel very friendly and approachable , some make you feel sexy . In the second part , I lead you to one of 24 archetypes -- I believe there are 24 archetypes of women . With each archetype , I give you fragrance ideas , style ideas , fabrics , artists that represent your type , the must-haves , the must-avoids , the super power and the kryptonite . It 's a read on the personality as well and really how to put a palette and a wardrobe together . In part three of the book , I teach you how to utilize all of these tools in shopping and cleaning out your closet . When you shop , do it with intention . And I also lead you to how to dress for every occasion . I really want people to honor their true colors and honor who they are in their authentic style . Then , I want them to really love themselves and flourish with this material .	David Zyla writes in "  The Color of Style " that individuals have "  true colors " that suit them This spring , he recommends draped skirts , baroque patterns and shades of white He 's excited by designers Tracy Reese , Jay Godfrey and Nanette Lepore
Editor 's note : Junot Díaz 's novel "  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao " won the Pulitzer Prize in 2008 . OPRAH.com  -- It was n't that I could n't write . I wrote every day . I actually worked really hard at writing . At my desk by 7 a.m. , would work a full eight and more . Scribbled at the dinner table , in bed , on the toilet , on the No. 6 train , at Shea Stadium . I did everything I could . But none of it worked . My novel , which I had started with such hope shortly after publishing my first book of stories , would n't budge past the 75-page mark . Nothing I wrote past page 75 made any kind of sense . Nothing . Which would have been fine if the first 75 pages had n't been pretty damn cool . But they were cool , showed a lot of promise . Would also have been fine if I could have just jumped to something else . But I could n't . All the other novels I tried sucked worse than the stalled one , and even more disturbing , I seemed to have lost the ability to write short stories . It was like I had somehow slipped into a No-Writing Twilight Zone and I could n't find an exit . Like I 'd been chained to the sinking ship of those 75 pages and there was no key and no patching the hole in the hull . I wrote and I wrote and I wrote , but nothing I produced was worth a damn . Want to talk about stubborn ? I kept at it for five straight years . Five damn years . Every day failing for five years ? I 'm a pretty stubborn , pretty hard-hearted character , but those five years of fail did a number on my psyche . On me . Five years , 60 months ? It just about wiped me out . By the end of that fifth year , perhaps in an attempt to save myself , to escape my despair , I started becoming convinced that I had written all I had to write , that I was a minor league Ralph Ellison , a Pop Warner Edward Rivera , that maybe it was time , for the sake of my mental health , for me to move on to another profession , and if the inspiration struck again some time in the future ... well , great . But I knew I could n't go on much more the way I was going . I just could n't . I was living with my fiancée at the time  over now , another terrible story  and was so depressed and self-loathing I could barely function . I finally broached the topic with her of , maybe , you know , doing something else . My fiancée was so desperate to see me happy  and perhaps more than a little convinced by my fear that maybe the thread had run out on my talent  that she told me to make a list of what else I could do besides writing . I 'm not a list person like she was , but I wrote one . It took a month to pencil down three things .  I really do n't have many other skills .  I stared at that list for about another month . Waiting , hoping , praying for the book , for my writing , for my talent to catch fire . A last-second reprieve . But nada . So I put the manuscript away . All the hundreds of failed pages , boxed and hidden in a closet . I think I cried as I did it . Five years of my life and the dream that I had of myself , all down the tubes because I could n't pull off something other people seemed to pull off with relative ease : a novel . By then I was n't even interested in a Great American Novel . I would have been elated with the eminently forgettable New Jersey novel . Oprah.com : The real meaning of your "  true calling " So I became a normal . A square . I did n't go to bookstores or read the Sunday book section of the Times . I stopped hanging out with my writer friends . The bouts of rage and despair , the fights with my fiancée ended . I slipped into my new morose half-life . Started preparing for my next stage , back to school in September .  I wo n't even tell you what I was thinking of doing , too embarrassing .  While I waited for September to come around , I spent long hours in my writing room , sprawled on the floor , with the list on my chest , waiting for the promise of those words to leak through the paper into me . Maybe I would have gone through with it . Hard to know . But if the world is what it is so are our hearts . One night in August , unable to sleep , sickened that I was giving up , but even more frightened by the thought of having to return to the writing , I dug out the manuscript . I figured if I could find one good thing in the pages I would go back to it . Just one good thing . Like flipping a coin , I 'd let the pages decide . Spent the whole night reading everything I had written , and guess what ? It was still terrible . In fact with the new distance the lameness was even worse than I 'd thought . That 's when I should have put everything in the box . When I should have turned my back and trudged into my new life . I did n't have the heart to go on . But I guess I did . While my fiancée slept , I separated the 75 pages that were worthy from the mountain of loss , sat at my desk , and despite every part of me shrieking no no no no , I jumped back down the rabbit hole again . There were no sudden miracles . It took two more years of heartbreak , of being utterly , dismayingly lost before the novel I had dreamed about for all those years finally started revealing itself . And another three years after that before I could look up from my desk and say the word I 'd wanted to say for more than a decade : done . Oprah.com : 4 writers answer "  What makes you you ? " That 's my tale in a nutshell . Not the tale of how I came to write my novel but rather of how I became a writer . Because , in truth , I did n't become a writer the first time I put pen to paper or when I finished my first book  easy  or my second one  hard  . You see , in my view a writer is a writer not because she writes well and easily , because she has amazing talent , because everything she does is golden . In my view a writer is a writer because even when there is no hope , even when nothing you do shows any sign of promise , you keep writing anyway . Was n't until that night when I was faced with all those lousy pages that I realized , really realized , what it was exactly that I am . Oprah.com : 11 ways to find your calling By Junot Diaz from O , The Oprah Magazine , November Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Junot Diaz almost quit writing years before he won a Pulitzer Prize He had 75 good pages but could n't write anything else he liked After putting away hundreds of filled pages , he tried to think of other professions Says a writer is someone who ca n't stop writing -- even though no hope , no promise
Sinkholes are swallowing Corvettes now . Last year it was houses in Florida , and on Wednesday nature gobbled up some of the coolest and fastest cars to come off the assembly line . Eight valuable ` vettes at Bowling Green , Kentucky 's National Corvette Museum fell victim to a 40-foot-wide , 20-foot-deep sinkhole that opened up in the facility 's yellow Sky Dome wing . The museum unofficially estimates it caused millions of dollars in damage . Motion detectors alerted security that something was amiss shortly after 5:30 a.m. , said museum spokeswoman Katie Frassinelli . An employee who first walked into the room "  has been in shock all day , " she said . "  When you go in there , it 's unreal , " said Frassinelli . "  The hole is so big , it makes the Corvettes look like little Matchbox cars . " The news triggered a collective worldwide gasp from the Corvette Nation . "  I was shocked , " said Frazer Bharucha , 47 , a Corvette owner since age 17 . "  We 're talking about iconic cars that have been around for years . " Using remote-controlled drones , geologists and engineers from nearby Western Kentucky University have already explored the sinkhole and determined that the Sky Dome suffered no structural damage , Frassinelli said . "  There 's a cave down there , " she said , adding that the museum is only a short drive away from Mammoth Cave National Park . The damaged portion of the museum will be closed indefinitely , but the rest of the facility will be open as usual on Thursday , she said . The painful losses have been tallied : Of the eight cars that fell , six were donated to the museum by Corvette enthusiasts , and two are owned by the car 's maker , General Motors . Here 's the museum 's list of cars that went down the hole : -- a 1962 "  Black Corvette " -- a 1984 PPG pace car -- a 2009 ZR1 "  Blue Devil " -- the 1992 white "  1 Millionth Corvette " -- a 1993 ruby red "  40th Anniversary Corvette " -- a 2001 Mallett Hammer Z06 Corvette -- the 2009 white "  1.5 Millionth Corvette " -- a 1993 ZR-1 Spyder The total value of the damaged cars is substantial , said museum executive director Wendell Strode . Almost all the cars have been removed from the room . They 've been setting up ramps to get the last one out , " said Frassinelli . That remaining Corvette is suspended in a precarious position on a riser directly above the sinkhole . Bharucha , of the Long Island Corvette Owners Association , knows the museum well , having visited it at least six times . "  There 's a sense of awe and you get a lump in your throat when you walk inside . " He 's right . I 've been there . It 's hallowed ground . Under the Sky Dome 's recognizable red spire and towering vaulted 100-foot high ceiling sits a round chamber that cradled rare vehicles , including Indianapolis 500 and Daytona 500 pace cars . The room feels like a cathedral . And for many enthusiasts , it is kind of the Church of the Corvette . It is home to more than 70 unique Corvettes , including several prototypes and a unique 1983 model -- the only one in existence . Only 43 1983 Corvettes were manufactured before GM decided to scrap them and move on to the 1984 design . All were destroyed , except the one now housed at the museum . That car will likely go on display elsewhere in the museum , Frassinelli said , but the others from the damaged dome will be placed in storage . Let 's remember the Corvette 's rich tradition . This is the ultra-cool car driven by Bill Bixby in the 1970s TV series , "  The Magician . " It also was the cherry ride that was good enough to be piloted by the dudes with the right stuff : NASA 's Apollo astronauts . "  It 's the all-American car , " Bharucha said . "  No matter where you go , people know it and love it . Sometimes they 'll stare at it . Other times they 'll wave . " You always remember your first car , and Bharucha is no different . For him it was a 1966 yellow Corvette convertible . Guess what ? He still has it . "  That 's my baby , " he said . "  That 's the one car I will not sell . " The sinkhole could n't have come at a worse time , as the museum prepares to celebrate its 20th annivesary and open a 184-acre Motorsports Park in August . Some 5,000 people are already pre-registered to attend the park 's grand opening . Sinkholes at the Motorsports Park are n't really a concern , Frassinelli said . Several holes were found during construction and were made harmless , she said . "  We want to move forward as soon as possible " , she said . "  We want to start repairs and recovery . " Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly	40-foot wide sinkhole creates "  millions " in damages at National Corvette Museum "  There 's a cave down there , " says museum spokeswoman Engineers say Sky Dome suffered no structural damage The cost of the damaged cars is "  substantial , " a museum director says
Richard III was the last English king to lose his life on the battlefield . Scientists who have been testing his remains -- found under a parking lot in the English city of Leicester -- now believe they know how he died . The 15th-century king was best known to modern Britons as the hunchbacked Shakespearean villain accused of murdering his nephews , the "  Princes in the Tower , " to usurp the throne . His life has always been a controversial chapter in English lore . Although he ruled for only two years  1483-85  and died at the age of 32 , there has been an ongoing debate over Richard III 's portrayal in both English history and English literature . According to historians , the king 's defeat and death at Bosworth Field ended the Wars of the Roses and marked the end of the Middle Ages in England . Though he was a royal , his body was given to local monks , and he was buried in a crude grave in an unknown location . It was not until archaeologists from the University of Leicester discovered his remains under a parking lot in 2012 that people learned where his body had been buried . Since that time , both scientists and medical researchers have studied the remains to better understand how King Richard III lived and died . Now , researchers have used modern forensic analysis to reveal that he suffered 11 injuries at or near the time of death , according to a new study published in The Lancet . Of those , three had the potential to cause death quickly : two to the skull and one to the pelvis . And the scientists believe that the skull injuries were the ones that killed the last monarch from the House of York . Leicester to be final burial place of Richard III "  Richard 's injuries represent a sustained attack or an attack by several assailants with weapons from the later medieval period , " said Professor Sarah Hainsworth , one of the authors of the study . "  The wounds to the skull suggest that he was not wearing a helmet , and the absence of defensive wounds on his arms and hands indicate that he was otherwise still armored at the time of his death . " The injury to his pelvis might have been inflicted after his death , the team surmised , since the kind of armor that would have been worn by the king in the late 15th century would have protected that area . "  I think the most surprising injury is the one to the pelvis , " Hainsworth said . "  We believe that this corresponds to contemporary accounts of Richard III being slung over the back of the horse to be taken back to Leicester after the Battle of Bosworth , as this would give someone the correct body position to inflict this injury . " There were nine injuries to the skull in total and two elsewhere on the skeleton . The team used whole-body CT scans and micro-CT imaging of injured bones to analyze trauma , according to a news release from The Lancet . They also looked at tool marks on the bones to try to establish what kind of weapons were used . "  The most likely injuries to have caused the king 's death are the two to the inferior aspect of the skull -- a large sharp force trauma possibly from a sword or staff weapon , such as a halberd or bill , and a penetrating injury from the tip of an edged weapon , " said Professor Guy Rutty , a co-author of the study . "  Richard 's head injuries are consistent with some near-contemporary accounts of the battle , which suggest that Richard abandoned his horse after it became stuck in a mire and was killed while fighting his enemies . " Although the findings are interesting to historians , the question remains : Do they change the accounts of King Richard III 's last moments in battle ? Since none of the wounds overlapped , the researchers were not able to tell in exactly what order they occurred . "  The  investigators  provide a compelling account , giving tantalizing glimpses into the validity of the historic accounts of his death , which were heavily edited by the Tudors in the following 200 years , " said Heather Bonney of the Natural History Museum in London . "  I am sure that Richard III will continue to divide opinion fiercely for centuries to come . " After a legal battle , it has been decided that the medieval king will be reburied next spring in Leicester Cathedral , just a stone 's throw from where his remains were uncovered . Bones reveal king 's taste for luxury food , wine Richard III had worms , scientists say	Scientists have analyzed King Richard III 's skeletal remains to see how he was killed They found evidence of 11 injuries at the time of death , three of them potentially fatal Two head injuries are the most likely to have killed the king , scientists say Richard III 's remains were found in 2012 under a parking lot in the city of Leicester
CNN  -- The European Union committed Friday to sending 500 troops to the tumultuous Central African Republic -- a number that the coalition is "  looking " to double , according to its foreign policy chief . The announcement from the EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton came after her address to the U.N. Security Council and after France announced it will send 400 additional troops to its former colony . Already , France , an EU member , has deployed 1,600 personnel there to support African Union troops following a U.N. Security Council vote in December authorizing military intervention . In late January , the Security Council voted to not only continue its peacekeeping mission in the war-weary African nation but to authorize the use of force by EU troops there -- setting the stage for Friday 's announcement by Ashton . The Central African Republic plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , in the latest in a series of coups since the country gained independence in 1960 . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . One of the Seleka 's leaders , Michel Djotodia , then seized power only to step down as President in January after failing to halt the escalating violence . Catherine Samba-Panza , the mayor of Bangui , was recently tapped as the country 's interim President . Still , the climate is volatile . The United Nations recently pointed to an "  increasing cycle of violence and retaliation " and the "  continuing deterioration of the security situation . " Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and to counter the attacks on Christian communities , vigilante Christian groups have fought back . The United Nations -- estimating more than half the country 's population is affected by the worsening humanitarian crisis -- has said it fears genocide brewing . According to the United Nations , more than 700,000 people across the Central African Republic have been displaced -- including about 290,000 alone in the capital of Bangui -- and 2.6 million "  need immediate humanitarian assistance . " Attempts to purge Muslims from parts of the war-torn country have prompted "  a Muslim exodus of historic proportions , " according to rights group Amnesty International . And on Friday , a public prosecutor said that a mass grave with at least 13 decomposing bodies had been discovered in Bangui . Maturin Grenzengue said Central African Republic and allied troops were working to remove concrete slabs of an underground cement tank "  to determine the exact number of bodies that will be found here . " Valerie Amos , the U.N. 's humanitarian chief , is set to spend three days in the country starting next Tuesday . The same agency 's top official on refugees , Antonio Guterres , said Wednesday the country is "  a humanitarian catastrophe . " "  There is an ethnic-religious cleansing taking place . It must be stopped , " Guterres said . "  There are people who are still being killed here and there -- even some massacres still taking place . "	NEW : Prosecutor : A mass grave with at least 13 bodies is discovered in Bangui NEW : An EU official says 500 troops will be going to Central African Republic NEW : The European Union union is "  looking " to double that amount These EU troops would be in addition to the 400 more French troops going to the CAR
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A Haitian attorney representing 10 Americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti told CNN Sunday he has resigned . Edwin Coq said he had quit as a lawyer for the Americans . It was n't immediately clear who would replace him . "  I know that they have been looking at other lawyers , " said Phyllis Allison , mother of one of those detained , Jim Allen . "  They do n't know what to do . " The 10 missionaries , including group leader Laura Silsby , were charged Thursday with kidnapping children and criminal association . Coq had said that court hearings would be held Monday and Tuesday for his clients , who have been split up at two prisons . He has tried to get the Americans released , though he has also blamed Silsby for the missionaries ' legal troubles . Conviction on the kidnapping charge would carry a maximum penalty of life in prison ; the criminal association charge would carry a penalty of three to nine years , according to a former justice minister . The Americans were turned back a week ago as they tried to take the children across the border into the Dominican Republic without proper documentation . They said they were going to house them in a converted hotel in that country and later move them to an orphanage they were building there . The Americans have said they were just trying to help the children leave the earthquake-stricken country . A January 12 earthquake flattened Haiti 's capital and killed more than 200,000 people . "  Except for Laura -- the group 's leader , who took the responsibility to displace these 33 children , fully knowing she did n't have any legal document that would allow her to do so -- the other nine American citizens did n't know anything about what was going on and I remain convinced that they would not have given their accord , " Coq told CNN . Coq added that Silsby "  said she had no intention to do any harm . " Some of the detained Americans have said they thought they were helping orphans , but their interpreters told CNN this week that they were present when group members spoke with some of the children 's parents . Some parents in a village outside Port-au-Prince said they had willingly given their children to the Americans , who promised them a better life . The parents also said they were told they could see their children whenever they wanted . The Dominican consul general has said he warned Silsby about trying to cross the border without proper documents . Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday that the judge in the case has three months to decide whether to prosecute . "  We hope that he will decide long before those three months , " he said . "  He can release them , he can ask to prosecute them . " If a decision is made to prosecute , the case would be heard before a jury , he said . Bellerive told CNN the Haitian government was open to the possibility of the case being transferred to a U.S. court , but he said the request would have to come from the United States . "  Until now , I was not asked , " he said . Coq told CNN he had been hired by Eric Thompson , husband of Carla Thompson , one of the arrested missionaries , on behalf of the families .	Ten Americans "  have been looking at other lawyers , " mother of one detainee says Edwin Coq was trying to get Americans released , blamed group leader for legal troubles Americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti Leader knew she did n't have legal document to let her take children out , Coq says
CNN  -- Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates thinks one of the answers to improving health is in the bathroom . A year ago , his foundation issued a challenge to universities to create a new toilet , launching a worldwide effort to improve sanitation . This week the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation announced who won the challenge . California Institute of Technology was the big winner and was awarded $ 100,000 for its idea of a solar-powered toilet that generates hydrogen and electricity . The United Kingdom 's Loughborough University won second place and was awarded $ 60,000 for a toilet that produces biological charcoal , minerals , and clean water . The University of Toronto in Canada garnered third place and $ 40,000 for a toilet that sanitizes feces and urine and recovers resources and clean water . The new commodes are being showcased at a "  Reinvent the Toilet Fair " Tuesday and Wednesday in Seattle . The foundation also announced a second round of grants totaling some $ 3.4 million to organizations that are working to innovative latrines . While many may not want to ponder creative ideas about human waste , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation says these creations are vitally important . About 2.5 billion people do n't have access to modern toilets , and this lack of access encourages the spread of diarrheal diseases , which are blamed for the deaths of 1.5 million children each year , according to the World Health Organization . "  Innovative solutions change people 's lives for the better , " Bill Gates said . "  If we apply creative thinking to everyday challenges , such as dealing with human waste , we can fix some of the world 's toughest problems . " The fair in Seattle will also bring together researchers , designers and investors from 29 countries , the Gates foundation says . "  Imagine what 's possible if we continue to collaborate , stimulate new investment in this sector , and apply our ingenuity in the years ahead , " said Gates . "  Many of these innovations will not only revolutionize sanitation in the developing world , but also help transform our dependence on traditional flush toilets in wealthy nations . "	Bill Gates announces winner of tiolet challenge The new toilets will be showcased at a fair this week The challenge is part of an effort to improve worldwide sanitation Lack of toilet access is blamed for the deaths of 1.5 million children each year , experts say
A group of men who devoted their lives to hunting powerful storms died in the middle of the chase . Tim Samaras , his son Paul Samaras and Carl Young were killed Friday while following a tornado in El Reno , Oklahoma , relatives told CNN on Sunday . Their work tracking tornadoes was featured on the former Discovery Channel show "  Storm Chasers . " They were among 13 people killed in storms that struck Oklahoma on Friday night , according to Oklahoma City Fire Chief Keith Bryant . At the intersection where authorities said the three storm chasers were killed , crews hauled away a mangled white truck Sunday that had been crushed like a tin can . The metal frame of their storm-chasing vehicle was twisted almost beyond recognition . The windows had been smashed to bits . Canadian County Undersheriff Chris West confirmed that three storm chasers had been killed but declined to provide additional details about the circumstances of their deaths . "  We also want to say that storm chasers and meteorologists and news stations , that 's part of the vital link in getting the word out to people so that they do n't become victims , " he said . "  A lot of these individuals have dedicated many years of their lives to going out and assisting and tracking storms , and getting footage and putting themselves in harm 's way so they can educate the public to the destructive power of these storms . " Friday 's tornado took a sudden turn that surprised many observers , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  It was a wobbler . And it was big . ... I think the left-hand turn made a big difference on how this thing was chased as well and why people were killed and why people were injured in their vehicles , " he said . "  A vehicle is not a place to be in any tornado , especially a big one like that , and those men doing their job , those field scientists out there doing their jobs , were killed in the process . " Tim Samaras founded TWISTEX , the Tactical Weather Instrumented Sampling in Tornadoes Experiment , to help learn more about tornadoes and increase lead time for warnings , according to the official website . In 2004 , he told CNN that being near storms was part of the job . "  In order to get directly in the path , you have to be close , " he said . "  Actually I 'm pretty focused on our safety , certainly , and I 'm focused on getting the data and getting the right spot , " he said . "  You only have one chance to do it . " A dangerous job "  They all unfortunately passed away but doing what they loved , " Jim Samaras wrote in a statement posted on his brother 's Facebook page . Myers , who also covered Friday 's storm in Oklahoma , said Tim Samaras was known for his attention to safety . "  There 's just no one safer than Tim . Tim , he would never put himself in danger , " Myers said . "  He certainly would n't put his son in danger . " One of Samaras ' goals , Myers said , was collecting more data to help government officials . "  We all know that this is difficult and dangerous and sometimes things go wrong . But I think to portray Tim as just a chaser out for a thrill is just the wrong thing , " Myers said . "  I just want people to know that Tim was a scientist . He was out there to put probes out there . He was out there to learn and understand and to make science more understandable . ... We all go out there and we try to protect the public , but Tim was even one step higher . " Samaras had received 18 grants from the National Geographic Society for his research , said Terry Garcia , the organization 's executive vice president of missions . In a written statement , he described Samaras ' studies of lightning as "  pioneering . " "  Tim was a courageous and brilliant scientist who fearlessly pursued tornadoes and lightning in the field in an effort to better understand these phenomena , " he said . "  Though we sometimes take it for granted , Tim 's death is a stark reminder of the risks encountered regularly by the men and women who work for us , " Garcia said . "  This is an enormous loss for his family , his wide circle of friends and colleagues and National Geographic . " Doug Kiesling , a videographer who chases storms and calls himself "  The Weather Paparazzi , " said the three men were more than storm chasers . "  They 're researchers , " he said . "  This thing is really shaking up everyone in the chasing community , " he said . "  We knew this day would happen someday , but nobody would imagine that it would happen to Tim . Tim was one of the safest people to go out there . ... He 's had close calls , but he 's always had an escape route . " El Reno Mayor Matt White did n't provide details about those killed after the tornado struck , but he stressed the importance of staying indoors when powerful storms hit . "  We had to deal with not only strong winds , but we had extreme hail , extreme softball-size hail . El Reno had a lot of damage to the roads , " he told reporters on Sunday . "  In these situations , we ca n't stress enough to people to stay inside and do what the weather men and women tell us to do . " Close call : One storm chaser 's story Friday 's storm was particularly unpredictable , according to Mike Bettes , an anchor and meteorologist for The Weather Channel who had a close call himself . The tornado swept up the tornado-hunt truck he and a crew were traveling in , tossed it 200 yards into a field and smashed it to the ground . "  I think this was just an erratic tornado . I think the size of it and the speed of it changed very , very quickly , " he told CNN on Sunday morning . "  I think the direction of movement changed quickly . And I think there were a lot of people out there that , you know , ended up getting stuck in positions we did n't want to be in . " Bettes described the experience as the scariest moment of his life . "  I saw people in my life , I saw their faces flash right in front of me . And it just seemed for a moment , everything was in slow motion , especially when we were floating , " he said . "  I kind of felt like I was being lifted to heaven or something . I was conscious through the whole thing and remember the whole thing , but it 's still a surreal moment . " Bettes and several others emerged with scratches and bruises . One crew member had broken bones , he said , but was in good spirits . The experience left him rattled and unsure whether he 'll go out to chase storms again . But Bettes said he had no doubt about the value of storm chasing . "  We show weather , and we like to be out there and show people what these things can do , and help give advance warning . A lot of times the storm spotters out there serve a very valuable purpose . They give ground truth to what meteorologists from the National Weather Service are doing , " he said . "  But seeing it in person , seeing it for real , and giving that real time information , I think really supplements the warning . It helps people take shelter ahead of time . " "  Storm Chasers " aired for five years on the Discovery Channel . The last season ended in the fall of 2011 . The network expressed condolences in a statement Sunday . "  We are deeply saddened by the loss of Carl Young , Tim Samaras and his son . Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families , " the statement said . Photos from a professional storm chaser Tornadoes rip through heartland again : How to help Powerful storms leave trail of damage , death The latest round of storms to hit the heartland left a fresh trail of damage and destruction in its wake as tornadoes struck and floodwaters surged . Tornadoes tore through the Oklahoma City and St. Louis areas Friday , ripping up homes and sending thousands scrambling for cover . On Saturday morning , a spokeswoman for the state 's chief medical examiner 's office said two children and seven adults were killed in the Oklahoma storms . On Sunday , Oklahoma City Fire Chief Keith Bryant said searchers had found the bodies of four additional victims that died in the storm -- two adults and two children who died while seeking shelter in a storm drain . Deputy Fire Chief Marc Woodard said the body of another child had been recovered Sunday afternoon , and the search for six other people unaccounted for will continue Monday . The flash flooding that accompanied Friday night 's storm swept the bodies up to four to five miles downstream , Woodard said . The impact of the severe weather extended beyond Oklahoma . In Missouri , a tornado left a path of "  over 10 miles of significant damage ... that caused dozens and dozens of houses to be literally blown up , " Gov. Jay Nixon told CNN affiliate KSDK on Saturday . No one was killed in that tornado , but three people drowned in the state , Nixon said . In Arkansas , flooding claimed the lives of at least four people -- a sheriff , a wildlife officer and two women they were trying to save from a home deluged by floodwaters , officials said . The house collapsed in the middle of the rescue attempt , Arkansas Game and Fish Commission spokesman Keith Stephens said .	Oklahoma City fire chief says 16 people were killed statewide Tim and Paul Samaras and Carl Young were killed chasing a tornado on Friday night They were known to viewers of a former Discovery Channel show , "  Storm Chasers " Crews haul away a mangled white truck that was crushed like a tin can
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal claimed his first Australian Open title and denied a tearful Roger Federer his 14th grand slam crown after another epic five-set victory , 7-5 3-6 7-6 3-6 6-2 in Melbourne on Sunday . Nadal holds the trophy as an emotional Federer takes in his defeat . As expected , it proved a titanic struggle between the two leading players in world tennis , who were meeting for the first time since Nadal took Federer 's Wimbledon title last July in another five-set classic . Nadal , who played the longest match in Australian Open history to beat Fernando Verdasco in his semifinal , was expected to show signs of tiredness , but it was Federer who wilted in the decider . He dropped his service as Nadal led 4-1 and faltered again when serving at 2-5 down , saving three match points but eventually succumbing as he hit a forehand long . It left Nadal the winner after four hours 23 minutes of seesaw action to claim his sixth grand slam title and cement his position as world number one . At the prize presentation a bitterly disappointed Federer admitted he had "  felt better " before shedding tears as the crowd gave him a standing ovation . He recovered to congratulate Nadal , the two men sharing a warm embrace of mutual respect . "  It is very special for me . It 's a dream win , one grand slam on a hard court , " said the 22-year-old Nadal , the first Spanish player to win the Australian Open . "  I 've worked very hard all my life to improve my tennis outside of clay . I 'm very happy , very happy to win the title . " The match started with both exchanging early breaks of service until Nadal pulled ahead with a further break to claim the advantage . The second set followed a similar pattern , with an early exchange of breaks , but this time it was the Swiss ace who edged it as Nadal netted to lose a marathon eighth game . Federer looked to be getting on top and had no less than six break points on Nadal 's service in the third set , the Spaniard coming back from 0-40 down in a pivotal service game . In the tiebreak it was Nadal who pulled ahead again , reaching set point with a rare volleyed winner and sealing it as Federer double faulted . Federer showed his fighting qualities to force a decider , but once again it was his nemesis Nadal who proved the stronger despite spending nearly 10 hours on court in his final two matches at Melbourne Park .	Rafael Nadal beats Roger Federer to win Australian Open title The two men serve up another five-set thriller on Rod Laver Arena Nadal was winning his sixth grand slam title and first on a hardcourt
CNN  -- Two teams of scientists say they have found a key area of the H5N1 bird flu virus which seems to be vital to its ability to copy itself , and hope the discovery could lead to new drugs to fight the infection . Human-to-human transmission of avian flu is rare , but in some cases , the virus has passed from poultry to humans . The discovery is generating excitement among scientists who are looking for a new weapon against the bird flu virus that typically kills more than half its human victims . Two separate groups of scientists -- one in China , one in France -- used a highly technical process to identify protein that seems to be involved in its ability to replicate itself . That gives researchers a new target , as they try and develop new medications . The announcements , detailed in the British-based journal Nature , come at an uneasy time for those who follow the bird flu strain called H5N1 . So far this disease is mainly affecting birds in some countries and the number of human cases remains small , but the virus has shown no sign of growing milder since it first infected people back in 1997 . It continues to decimate bird flocks in sporadic outbreaks , mostly in Asia , and occasionally breaks into the human population . China 's Ministry of Health reported eight human cases last month , including four deaths . Since 2003 , the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases worldwide . Nearly two-thirds of the victims have died . While H5N1 does n't make headlines the way it did in 2005 , health officials say the continuing severity of the infections means the alarm is still on . Influenza viruses , in general , spread easily . If H5N1 were to acquire the genetic ability to pass easily from person to person , it could turn into a major catastrophe . Many countries have stockpiled both vaccines and antiviral medications , for such a scenario . The same medications that are used to treat regular flu , oseltamivir  Tamiful  and zanamivir  Relenza  , also seem to be effective against H5N1 . But that 's no reason to rest easy . All flu viruses tend to mutate rapidly , which is why the flu vaccine one year , wo n't protect you against the next year 's flu . Those rapid mutations mean the virus tends to develop a resistance to any widely used medication . Dr. Anthony Fauci , Director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease , told CNN , "  It always happens that eventually , sooner or later , the -LSB- flu -RSB- virus will develop varying degrees of resistance . You just hope that it 's kept to a minimum . " The findings in Nature may lead to another option to fight bird flu , but an actual new drug is years away . A vaccine could be effective , but they first have to know what strain of flu they 're fighting . The current strategy of health officials around the world is to try to contain isolated cases before they spread . The best case scenario would be , that this H5N1 killer remains primarily a disease for the birds .	Experts say they have found key component of the H5N1 bird flu virus It is hoped this will lead to better medication to fight the infection China reported its first human-to-human infection in 2005 Since 2003 , the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday replaced Gen. Stanley McChrystal as commander of U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan and nominated Gen. David Petraeus to replace him while affirming support for a counterinsurgency strategy encountering problems . The dramatic shift came a day after McChrystal 's disparaging comments about America 's civilian leadership surfaced , and reignited the national debate on the war in Afghanistan -- now in its eighth year with a June death toll of coalition forces that is close to becoming the highest of the war . Obama accepted McChrystal 's resignation "  with considerable regret " and named Petraeus , the head of the U.S. Central Command , to take over pending Senate confirmation . "  It is the right thing for our mission in Afghanistan , for our military and for our country , " Obama said outside the White House , flanked by top civilian and military leaders including Vice President Joe Biden ; Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; Defense Secretary Robert Gates , and Petraeus . McChrystal 's remarks in a Rolling Stone article undermined the civilian control of the military "  at the core of our democratic system , " Obama said , noting the decision to replace the general did not involve any disagreement over strategy or personal issues . "  I believe that it is the right decision for our national security , " Obama said . "  The conduct represented in the recently published article does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general . " Obama said that as hard as it is to lose the general , the "  war is bigger than any one man or woman . " More importantly , he said , the war requires a unified effort from civilian and military leaders , warning that he wo n't tolerate division within his team . "  I believe that this mission demands unity of effort across our alliance and across my national security team , " Obama said . "  And I do n't think that we can sustain that unity of effort and achieve our objectives in Afghanistan without making this change . " The president urged the Senate to swiftly confirm Petraeus , who would leave his Central Command position . Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , later said a confirmation hearing would begin no later than Tuesday , and he expected it to take one day . "  We know Gen. Petraeus , " Levin said . "  I do n't think there will be anybody who will say we need more time . " McChrystal issued a statement Wednesday saying that he strongly supports Obama 's strategy in Afghanistan and is "  deeply committed " to the coalition forces and the Afghan people . "  It was out of respect for this commitment -- and a desire to see the mission succeed -- that I tendered my resignation , " McChrystal 's statement said . "  It has been my privilege and honor to lead our nation 's finest . " A source close to McChrystal offered a description of the roughly 30-minute meeting between Obama and McChrystal that led to the general 's resignation Wednesday morning . McChrystal briefly explained the magazine article at the center of the controversy , took responsibility and then offered his resignation , the source said . Obama accepted the resignation , the source said . The president "  had no intention of keeping him , " and McChrystal knew that going in , the source said . McChrystal is not returning to Afghanistan , and his personal belongings will be shipped home , according to the source . Immediate political reaction from both parties was positive , with lawmakers saying Obama had little choice in making a change and that Petraeus was the best choice for the job . Levin noted that Petraeus authored the counterinsurgency strategy now being followed in Afghanistan . The spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai expressed disappointment at the loss of McChrystal but called Petraeus the "  obvious " replacement , while statements from allied governments and NATO also offered support and commitment to the Afghanistan mission . In the magazine article , McChrsytal and his top officers are quoted making disrespectful comments about civilian officials including Biden , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry , special representative to Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke and National Security Adviser Jim Jones . News of the article set off a political firestorm Tuesday . Obama was "  angry " after reading the general 's remarks , said White House press secretary Robert Gibbs , who added that McChrystal had a "  profound " mistake . McChrystal apologized Tuesday , but was recalled to Washington and met with Gates and Mullen on Wednesday before going to the White House , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said . After he met with Obama , McChrystal was not invited to participate in a separate White House national security meeting on the war in Afghanistan , two sources told CNN . The reported remarks by McChrystal and his staff were strongly criticized on Capitol Hill . Three key Senate leaders on defense and foreign policy issues -- Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut -- said in a news conference Wednesday that Obama had no choice but to replace McChrystal . "  The statements of the general not only were outside the norm , they really did put into question military subordination of civilian control , " Graham said , taking particular issue with unnamed officers in the article who he said showed disrespect and a cavalier attitude he termed "  unacceptable . " "  This is a low point in my view for the armed forces in a very long time , and I 'm glad the president made this decision , " Graham said . "  There are some other officers that need to be looked at , and they need to be replaced . " At the same time , the senators and others said Obama should now make clear that a troop withdrawal from Afghanistan will only occur when conditions allow it , rather than on the July 2011 date set by the administration . Petraeus "  is an outstanding military leader , but even he ca n't win in Afghanistan if the president continues to insist on an arbitrary withdrawal date -- a fact our enemies are counting on and our allies fear , " said Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri , the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee . Levin , D-Michigan , told reporters that Petraeus supports the July 2011 date for starting a troop withdrawal based on conditions on the ground . "  What will be conditions-based is not whether reductions begin in July 2011 , but the pace of those reductions , " Levin said Petraeus told him . Levin acknowledged that Petraeus or Obama could change their minds on the issue , saying , "  nothing is etched in stone . " Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , said in a written statement that Obama 's "  decision to return Gen.  David  Petraeus to the battlefield provides not just continuity in philosophy , but tested diplomatic skill that is at the very center of a military strategy which hinges on progress in governance to sustain military gains . " House Armed Services Committee chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , said that Petraeus "  is the best that we have . " "  I have great confidence in his ability to bring about a successful outcome in Afghanistan . The commander-in-chief must have confidence in his commanders in the field , " he said . "  It is time to move on and return our focus to waging the war in Afghanistan . " A spokesman for the Afghanistan Defense Ministry said his government would have preferred to see McChrystal stay , but was happy Petraeus had been tapped as the replacement . "  We 're not happy to see Gen. McChrystal go , but of all the choices that could have been made , we are happy to hear it is Petraeus who will continue the mission , " Gen. Mohammad Zahir Azimi said . Obama tapped McChrystal to head the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 shortly after dismissing Gen. David McKiernan . McChrystal was strongly recommended as the best choice to carry out the counterinsurgency strategy created by Petraeus in Iraq , but administration officials later expressed displeasure with what they thought was McChrystal 's leak of his request for more troops for Afghanistan before Obama completed his review of the issue . The president eventually ordered 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , most of the number sought by McChrystal . CNN 's John King , Suzanne Malveaux , Barbara Starr , Dana Bash , Alan Silverleib , Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Key senator says Petraeus backs July 2011 start of withdrawal from Afghanistan NEW : Confirmation hearing for Petraeus to start no later than Tuesday Lawmakers praise choice of Petraeus and say Obama had no choice but to accept McChrystal resignation Obama urges the Senate to confirm Petraeus swiftly
Washington  CNN  -- Military victims of the Fort Hood massacre will be eligible to receive the Purple Heart if Congress passes a bill introduced Tuesday . Nonmilitary victims could receive the Secretary of Defense Medal for the Defense of Freedom , the civilian equivalent of the Purple Heart . Both military and civilian personnel killed or wounded in the November 5 attack would be granted the same legal status as combatant casualties in Afghanistan and Iraq . The bill was introduced by Rep. John Carter , R-Texas , who represents the district that includes Fort Hood Army Post in the House of Representatives . "  As far as I 'm concerned , this was an attack by an enemy upon American troops on American soil , " Carter said Tuesday at a Capitol Hill news conference . The bill "  is about giving soldiers the benefits that other soldiers get when they are unfortunate enough to be killed or wounded in a combat zone . " Granting combatant status also would guarantee that beneficiaries of military service members killed in the attack can receive the maximum life insurance benefit , according to Carter 's office . Authorities say Nidal Malik Hasan , a U.S. Army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on November 5 , killing 13 people . Dozens of others were wounded . Hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , has been charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder , charges that make him eligible for the death penalty . In the wake of the shootings , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , are expected to order a sweeping look of how the U.S. military can spot and deal with potential problems ranging from behavioral issues to security , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . Two other Pentagon officials confirmed a plan is being formulated for a review , but final details of the investigation 's focus remain to be worked out . It 's not clear who would conduct the Pentagon review . Officials said one possibility is that retired high-ranking officers would be asked to take charge of a panel of outside experts and perhaps military and civilian authorities . The Army has already begun its own service-wide review , collecting information to begin a "  hard look " at how to avoid incidents like Fort Hood , according to Gen. Peter Chiarelli , Army vice chief of staff . The Purple Heart is bestowed upon a service member or U.S. civilian serving under the military 's authority who "  has been wounded , killed , or who has died or may hereafter die of wounds received " while in action against an enemy or in a terrorist attack , according to the Pentagon 's Manual of Military Awards . It was created by Gen. George Washington in 1782 , who then called it the "  Badge of Military Merit , " the manual says . It was not used after the Revolutionary War , however , until it was revived in 1932 , after Washington 's order establishing the award was discovered among his papers , according to the Web site of the Military Order of the Purple Heart . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Texas congressman to introduce bill to grant Purple Hearts for Fort Hood victims Troops wounded in combat eligible for Purple Hearts Fort Hood massacre was a terrorist act , congressman says 13 killed , dozens wounded in November 5 attack
The bereavement fare was once the airline industry 's gift to the traveler , an acknowledgement that a customer was flying for the saddest of reasons : a medical emergency or death in the family . The last thing anyone wanted to worry about was the cost of an airplane ticket . And so many airlines offered discounts to help ease the pain of the journey . Not so much anymore . In the wake of its merger with US Airways , American Airlines this week became the latest major U.S. airline to end its policy of offering bereavement fares . US Airways did n't offer the special fares before the merger , and American 's new chief executive officer , Douglas Parker , came from the ranks of US Airways . "  We remain committed to doing all we can to relieve the burden of travel for our customers in times of need . With the advent of more choices , lower cost carriers and larger networks , the industry has started to move away from bereavement fares because walk-up fares are generally lower than in the past , and customers now have more opportunities to find affordable fares at the last minute , " American spokesman Matt Miller said in a statement . "  American is moving toward that industry trend and the airline offers customers changeable and refundable options with the ability to apply future reservations to bereavement travel without change fees . We believe this policy is a cost-effective solution for customers in need of bereavement travel . " Except for possibly waiving the change fee , the new policy does n't sound so different from what American offers other customers . But not every carrier is going the way of American , at least not yet . Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are keeping their current bereavement policies in place . ` Better service ' for consumers promised Before the US Airways-American merger was approved last year , Parker , then the US Airways CEO , testified before Congress that consumers would benefit from such consolidation . "  By putting these two airlines together we 're able to provide better service , more efficient service , to consumers , " Parker said . It remains to be seen if consumers will agree with his sentiments , but American is n't breaking new ground with this particular policy change . Making planes in the world 's biggest building Discount carriers Southwest Airlines  and its AirTran brand  and JetBlue Airways have never offered bereavement fares . "  Offering bereavement or emergency fares would make it necessary to offset these discounts by charging higher ticket prices and reducing the amount of sale fares we currently offer , " Southwest spokesman Dan Landson said . Southwest does n't charge fees to change an existing reservation , just the price difference between the current and new tickets , Landson said . Cheaper online fares can be found Frequent travelers know that better fares can usually be found online for last-minute emergency travel , according to travel blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala . That 's why he said the change wo n't have much of an impact . "  It does make the airlines look heartless , " DiScala said . "  I 've known people who did n't travel to a loved one 's funeral because they could n't afford the last-minute ticket . " Consumers Union aviation consultant William McGee , who testified before Congress last year on the potential impact of the USAirways-American merger , said he is n't surprised by the policy change . "  It 's a natural outgrowth of a shrinking industry since consolidation leads to fewer choices , higher fares , and less service , " McGee wrote via e-mail . "  Unfortunately , consumers should expect this trend to continue as the domestic airline industry rapidly consolidates through mergers and acquisitions . " Disney 's Magic Kingdom raises prices Discounts at United , Delta Still , Delta and United remain holdouts . Delta 's bereavement policy , which "  offers additional flexibility on the best published fare , " lists the documentation required and the types of relatives who qualify on its website . The airline reminds customers that lower promotional fares may be available through its website or airline reservations service . United offers a 5 % discount on one-way and round-trip fares in the event of the death or serious illness  requiring hospitalization or hospice care  of an immediate family member . Its website lists the airline 's requirements to qualify for the airfare . Five percent off a $ 1,000 ticket still is n't much -- $ 50 -- so it 's possible that consumers would still be better off searching online for the best deals . But even with such a small benefit as United 's , maybe it 's the thought that airlines recognize their grieving customers that counts . CNN first learned about this story via Twitter . What do you think of American changing its bereavement policy ? Please tell us in the comments section below .	American is n't the first airline to end bereavement fares Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways never had such discounts Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are keeping bereavement policies in place
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A pre-teen me once learned how to slow dance to "  Surfer Girl . " Picture a middle school auditorium circa 1987 . I was that retainer-wearing girl at the school dance , clumsily shuffling along to the Beach Boys classic with a nervous boy about a full arms-length away from me . It was an awkward moment , yet my heart still flutters when I hear those harmonies . So when I learned CNN 's Talk Asia had booked the Beach Boys for an interview in Hong Kong , I jumped at the chance to interview Al Jardine , Mike Love and Brian Wilson . Blog : News Stream They 're currently on their 50th anniversary tour around the world . Dennis and Carl Wilson passed away long ago , but the band includes three original members -- Al , Mike and Brian -- as well as David Marks and Bruce Johnston , who joined the band in 1965 . On tour , they 're serenading fans with favorites like "  California Girls " and "  Surfin ' USA , " as well as a delightfully fresh new single , "  That 's Why God Made the Radio . " Although their new song is about a technology the band is nostalgic about , the Beach Boys are not stuck in the past . Incredibly , after half a century of recording and performing , they are not a tribute band to their 20-something selves . They 're still crafting those richly complex harmonic sounds . They 're still hitting all those notes . And they 're still capturing the sweet , adolescent purity of "  Surfer Girl . " "  Surfer Girl , " released in 1963 , marked Wilson 's emergence as a producer . He tells me , "  I wanted to do something original that was inspired by the Four Freshmen . When Michael and the guys came to my house one day , I learned how to arrange the chords . ` Surfer Girl ' was the first song I ever learned how to make harmonies to a song . " Three years later , Wilson would produce "  Good Vibrations " -- considered by Rolling Stone magazine as his "  ultimate triumph as a producer , and one of the most innovative pop hits of the Sixties . " "  The night we cut the vocals was one of the highlights of my life , " says Wilson . "  It was a departure from anything we 've ever done before . " The Beach Boys did the background orchestration in five different studios . Wilson tells me the production took little more than a month . Not so fast , claims Jardine : "  We were re-doing things endlessly until they were perfect because of him , ` Mr. Perfectionist '  pointing at Wilson  here . So it took more like six months ! " "  Good Vibrations " is a multi-layered pop symphony with nearly everything thrown in -- sleigh bells , cello , harpsichord , even a theremin -- one of the earliest electronic instruments . As Wilson puts it , "  My brother Carl said , ` Why do n't you use a theremin ? ' I said , ` What for ? ' And he goes , ' I do n't know . ' "  I came up with the ` Uooooooooooooooo '  he mimics the theremin sound  . It was a scary record actually . It was a good scary . " Like a roller coaster , "  Good Vibrations " twists and turns like a joyride of sound . And the boys all agree , it is their masterpiece . "  They are all masterpieces , " says Love of the Beach Boys ' full playlist . "  But the one that is commercially successful and brilliant musically ... is ` Good Vibrations . ' " Half a century on , the Beach Boys are still creating new music that captures the emotional thrills of youth . "  We feel these emotions as if we were kids , " says Jardine . "  We still have them inside of us . " Love adds , "  The harmony is timeless ... as long as you can get those notes and create those sounds together , then there is a timeless factor . " When the interview wraps , Wilson is the first to rip off his microphone . He kindly agrees to pose for a photo with me , and -- after a handshake -- leaves the room . Love and Jardine then take to a small nearby stage and strike up an impromptu version of "  California Girls "  with Al on bass and Mike doing vocals  . Johnston then appears out of nowhere to play the piano . And then it hits me , I 'm being serenaded by The Beach Boys . And inside , I 'm screaming like a giddy 12 year old . But where was Wilson ? "  Off to a buffet somewhere , " quips Love with a smile . And why not ? He has to feed the muse .	Kristie Lu Stout talks to the Beach Boys in an interview for CNN 's Talk Asia in Hong Kong The band , including original members Al Jardine , Mike Love and Brian Wilson , are on tour They 're currently on their 50th anniversary tour around the world "  Good Vibrations " -- considered by Rolling Stone magazine as "  ultimate triumph "
CNN  -- Al Ahly 's incredible journey continued on Sunday as the Egyptian soccer side reached the semifinals of the Club World Cup in Japan . While back home protesters demonstrated against President Mohamed Morsy 's planned constitutional referendum , Al Ahly set up a clash with South American champions Corinthians on Thursday . "  Ahly fans can now dream of reaching the final . We , too , dream of this , and we 'll do our best to clinch the title , " coach Hossam El-Badry told the club 's television channel after a 2-1 victory over J-League winners Sanfrecce Hiroshima . With the Egyptian league suspended since the deaths of more than 70 fans at Ahly 's match in Port Said in February , it is a miracle the Cairo team has got this far . Ahly qualified for the tournament by winning the African title for a record-extending seventh time last month , when the second leg in Tunisia was played the same day that more than 50 children died in a train accident in Egypt . Most of its home games in the African Champions League were played behind closed doors due to security fears , while the first leg of the final was held at a military facility near Alexandria . " #Ahly is the only entity that can unite millions behind it on one opinion , hope , and dream , " one fan wrote on Twitter after Sunday 's game in Toyota . Veteran Mohamed Aboutrika scored a second-half winner in a match marred by a serious injury to the man he replaced -- Ahly 's captain and key playmaker Hossam Ghaly . Battling snowy , cold conditions Ahly took the lead after 15 minutes when Hiroshima 's replacement goalkeeper Takuya Masuda was given no chance by Elsayed Hamdi . Masuda had been forced into the fray in just the fifth minute when regular No. 1 Shusaku Nishikawa was carried off with a facial injury after colliding with Ahly striker Gedo . The home side equalized after Ahly captain Ghaly went off with a suspected ruptured knee ligament , as the J-League 's leading scorer Hisato Sato netted in the 32nd minute . Aboutrika , playing at the tournament for the fourth time , scored his fourth goal to go level with record-holders Lionel Messi of Argentina and former Brazil international Denilson . Ahly also reached the semifinals in 2006 , losing to Brazilian side Internacional before winning the third-place playoff against Mexico 's Club America . "  The Corinthians are a great team . We 'll do our best to get a positive result and dedicate the title to the victims of the Port Said stadium disaster , " said the 34-year-old Aboutrika , who was also in the 2006 team . "  Playing with Brazilian opponents is always interesting for me . Also , Brazil is a great thing for me , especially since I dream of reaching the World Cup there with the national team . " Mexican team Monterrey also qualified for the semifinals , setting up a clash with European champions Chelsea on Thursday by beating Asian titleholders Ulsan Hyundai 3-1 . Monterrey , winners of the CONCACAF Champions League last season , took the lead in the ninth minute through 19-year-old winger Jesus Corona while former Argentina international Cesar Delgado added two late goals . The Korean side scored an 88th-minute consolation through 2012 Asian player of the year Lee Keunho , whose long-range shot eluded keeper Jonathan Orozco .	Al Ahly and Monterrey qualify for semifinals of Club World Cup in Japan African champions Al Ahly win 2-1 against home team Sanfrecce Hiroshima Captain Hossam Ghaly set to miss Corinthians clash due to serious knee injury Mexico 's Monterrey will take on European champions Chelsea of England
Films such as "  Django Unchained " carry with them an uncommonly high concentration of influence and opportunity . Due to the scarcity of diverse and inspiring representations on screen , Quentin Tarantino 's latest movie casts a longer shadow than many are willing to acknowledge . In a recent interview with UK Channel 4 , Tarantino stated his goals and interpretation of the Oscar-nominated film 's impact : "  I 've always wanted to explore slavery ... to give black American males a hero ... and revenge . ... I am responsible for people talking about slavery in America in a way they have not in 30 years . " He went on , "  Violence on slaves has n't been dealt with to the extent that I 've dealt with it . " My personal biracial experience growing up on both sides of segregated hoods , suburbs and backcountry taught me a lot about the coded language and arithmetic of racism . I was often invisible when topics of race arose , the racial adoptee that you spoke honestly in front of . I grew up hearing the candid dirt from both sides , and I studied it . The conversation was almost always influenced by something people read or saw on a screen . Media portrayals greatly affect , if not entirely construct , how we interpret "  otherness . " People see what they are shown , and little else . It 's why my dad forced me to study and value history from an absurdly young age -- to build a foundation solid enough to withstand cultural omissions from the curriculum and distortions from the media . It 's what led me to become a teacher of American and African history out of college . There is a glaring difference in outlook between those who have mined the rich , empowering truth about how we 've come to be , and those who just accept that there 's only one or two people of African descent deemed worthy of entire history books . If , like Tarantino , you show up with a megaphone and claim to be creating a real solution to a specific problem , I only ask that you not instead , construct something unnecessarily fake and then act like you 've done us a favor . Vote for your Oscar favorites "  Django Unchained " is being projected on screens around the world , out of context : A slim percentage of consumers have any real understanding of what took place during slavery , one of history 's most prolonged , barbaric and celebrated human rights violations . Sadly , for many Americans , this film is the beginning and the end of that history lesson . This film follows a brave , cunning and fearless lead character whose name starts with a "  D. " Viewers of the film 's trailer would think that character is Django , played by Jamie Foxx . In fact , his name is Dr. King Schultz , a German portrayed by Christoph Waltz ,  spoiler alert  who sacrifices his life in the pursuit of freedom and justice for the black man . It is the white Dr. King , who after sharing a motivational tale about a man reaching a mountaintop , nobly gives his life for "  black justice . " Tarantino rightly claims that the abundant use of "  nigger " in the film was authentic and of the time . Of course it was . So was chattel slavery and the back-breaking manual labor that kept these massive plantations thriving . Tarantino 's plantations are nearly empty farms with well-dressed Negresses in flowing gowns , frolicking on swings and enjoying leisurely strolls through the grounds , as if the setting is Versailles , mixed in with occasional acts of barbarism against slaves . It 's the opposite of the exploration of the real phenomenon of slavery about which he boasts . Sometimes we sacrifice accuracy for story , but these inaccuracies are completely unnecessary . How does depicting slave plantations like circus campgrounds , fit with delirious , babbling overseers wielding bull whips and overdressed rabble wandering aimlessly , further Django 's truth ? The film 's antagonist , Calvin Candie , played by Leonardo DiCaprio , supposedly runs one of the very worst plantations in all of Mississippi . Yet on the road he dines with his slaves , and at home , his fields are mostly empty and he only seems to have slaves in his house . Is this one of those rare slave plantations that primarily trades in polished silverware and gossip ? That authenticity card that Tarantino uses to buy all those "  niggers " has an awfully selective memory . In the film 's opening sequence , shackled blacks literally hold the key to their shackles and do n't use them , choosing instead to trudge forward , hindered by biting chains , to kill a white man . In the third act , after seeing Django kill the Australians , the blacks sitting in an open cage neither communicate with each other or consider stepping outside of the cage . Review : ` Django Unchained ' In fact , in this entire , nearly three-hour film , there are no scenes with black people interacting , or even looking at each other , in a respectful or productive way . If only one black person  Django  displays the vaguest interest in gaining freedom , while the rest consistently demonstrate that they would n't do anything with that freedom , were they to obtain it , then we 're not able to become invested in them or their pursuits : We ca n't relate to shiftless characters . Being illiterate , and/or brown , does not remove the ability to think , or observe or yearn or plan or develop meaningful relationships . Despite the repeated suggestions that they are similar narratives , "  Django Unchained " has little in common with "  Inglourious Basterds , " Tarantino 's 2009 fantasy involving a band of American soldiers taking revenge against the Nazis . The latter 's title characters choose to form a band of men who risk their lives for a generous and creative endeavor to stop the Holocaust completely , saving all of their people , not just one . "  Django " is just a random guy , who , to no credit of his own , was plucked from slavery by an impressive white man and led on a journey to save his wife . "  Inglourious " did not walk us through provocative scenes of concentration camp torture , gas chambers and ethnically stereotyped victims . Nor were Jewish characters subjected to the indignities of being torn apart by dogs . And while we have our trusty authenticity card out , did the Jewish people not suffer the repeated verbal onslaught of "  kike , " "  rats " and other grotesque terms ? Were such words used in "  Inglourious Basterds " more than 100 times ? How about 70 ? OK 30 ? 10 ? Thankfully , Tarantino knew that he was perfectly able to tell a story without such gimmicks .  He also knew the community he claimed to be avenging would n't stand for it . Hey , remember when Tarantino was selling those emaciated Jewish prisoner action figures with the concentration camp tattoos ? So funny and ironic and harmless , right ? No . That would have been cheap and disgusting . Yet the filmmakers agreed to the release of action-figure slave and slaver dolls to help promote "  Django . " It was an especially offensive decision because selling slave figurines falls directly in line with the centuries-old American tradition of desensitizing us to the horrors of slavery with cute , palatable commodities . Tarantino did n't invent this tacky strategy ; he just dug it back up . Opinion : Why ` Django ' stirs race debate Think for a moment of the lengths that Tarantino went , to create a heroic triumph for his "  Inglourious Basterds . " He created an imaginary scenario wherein his characters could outwit and ultimately incinerate Hitler and his top advisers in a movie theater . It was choose-your-own-adventure heroism to create figures that took complete agency in the acquisition of their freedom . A very cool idea . A big reason slavery is avoided in American storytelling is guilt . Unlike the Holocaust , when it comes to slavery , our people were the bad guys . But we 're not German , so we can rail on Hitler and the Nazis all day without thinking critically about our legacy . For descendants of slaves , and all Americans , our ovens -- the slave plantations -- are tourist destinations and wedding venues , home to preservation societies and guided tours . The "  good ole days , " when faceless black folks with zero potential were merely quiet , collateral damage . America 's minimal comprehension of slavery combined with the kind of trivialization "  Django " offers renders us ill-equipped to empathize with its victims . This is a chicken or the egg manipulation : "  Do I know nothing about the complexity of slavery because it 's not that big a deal , or must it not be that big a deal because I 'm only vaguely informed ? " None of my criticisms would be different had the person in the director 's chair been a different color  though all widely released American films heavily involving slavery in the United States have been directed by white men  . My concerns are limited to the onscreen material , its advertised aims and the consequences . We try so hard to distance ourselves from the generations that made a business out of systematically crippling a people and the public 's vision of their abilities and intentions . We 're so different now , are n't we ? We are civilized . By popular measure , so were they . And we deserve better , than this lazy , oversimplified reduction of our history . Note : Want to read more about Django ? Click here for a detailed breakdown of the specific scenes that I found problematic .	Director Quentin Tarantino says he "  wanted to explore slavery " in his film Jesse Williams says Tarantino 's version of slavery is wildly unreal He says few films have dealt with slavery , making it important to handle subject with respect Williams : ' "  Django " subordinates black characters , fails to illuminate slavery
Brussels  CNN  First France , now Belgium and possibly Greece . Where next ? The recent spate of terror attacks and threats in Europe has many wondering what the next target might be and how the danger can be mitigated . Here are the latest developments : Five Belgian nationals have been charged with participation in a terrorist organization after police raided a suspect terror cell in Verviers , the country 's federal prosecutor said . Three are in custody , and two have been released "  under strict conditions , " Erik Van Der Sypt said . And two additional suspects are in French custody after they were detained while trying to cross from France into Italy through the Frejus Tunnel , the prosecutor said . The suspected terror cell in Verviers , which included people returning from Syria , planned to target police officers , Van Der Sypt said . Police said they recovered weapons , bomb-making materials and police uniforms . Two suspects were killed in the police raid Thursday , and a third was injured and taken into custody . Authorities have not released their identities . Heavily armed guards filtered through the streets of Brussels and Antwerp on Saturday , a sight the country has n't seen in 35 years . Why is Belgium particularly vulnerable ? The small country is believed to have more suspected jihadists per capita than any other country in Western Europe . Greek authorities say they are cooperating with Belgian authorities on an investigation , and on Sunday Belgium requested the extradition of one of the suspects arrested in Greece . Greek police confirmed that there have been some arrests and are looking for other individuals , but said that none so far were linked to the Belgian plot . Belgian federal prosecutor Van Der Sypt , however , said the Belgian investigation "  gave us enough reason to ask for the extradition of one of the persons that were arrested yesterday by the Greek authorities . " The investigation revealed that one of the people arrested in Greece could be involved in the plot that was stopped in Belgium , Van Der Sypt said . European counterterrorism agencies are scrambling to assess the potential terrorism threat from people with suspected links to Islamic extremists . As many as 20 sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people could be ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , a Western intelligence source told CNN . European Union and Middle East intelligence agencies identified an "  imminent threat " to Belgium and possibly to the Netherlands , the source told CNN . "  There is a tremendous amount of concern over sleeper cells in Europe , " said a Western official with direct knowledge of the situation . But while there is a "  realistic threat " to the Netherlands , government spokesman Edmond Messchaert said there is "  no concrete or specific information of an attack in the Netherlands . " Two additional people whose DNA was found on the belongings of jihadist Amedy Coulibaly are being sought by authorities , according to a source in Paris with knowledge of the investigation into this month 's attacks in the French capital . The DNA of one was found on a charger belonging to Coulibaly , the source told CNN . Coulibaly is accused of killing four people in a siege at a kosher market and gunning down a police officer . Meanwhile , three women detained in connection with the Paris terror attacks were released from custody Sunday , the public prosecutor 's office told CNN . Nine other people will remain in custody for at least 48 hours while the investigation continues . The detainees were held after a series of terror attacks this month that left 17 people dead -- including 12 people in an attack at the offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo shooting . The publisher of Charlie Hebdo says the newspaper will increase the press run of the latest issue , which features a depiction of the Prophet Mohammed , to 7 million . ISIS , the extremist Islamist group that controls swaths of Iraq and Syria , runs large training facilities in Syria and has access to thousands of potential European recruits . Officials are monitoring groups of men who have returned to Europe from fighting in Syria . It is believed ISIS directed operatives to return to Europe to launch attacks in retaliation for airstrikes against the terror group in Syria and Iraq , according to the official . Several European nations , including the United Kingdom , France , Belgium and the Netherlands , are participating in the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Brussels ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta ; and Tim Lister reported from Paris . CNN 's Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	Neither Belgium nor Greece confirms whether the probe involves a jihadi cell in Verviers Source : Up to 20 sleeper cells could be set to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych intends to sign a deal on closer European Union ties , the bloc 's top diplomat has said , after weeks of mass protests that have rattled the Eastern European country . Ukrainian protesters , angry about the government 's decision last month to spurn a free-trade agreement with the EU in favor of closer economic ties with Moscow , have stood their ground in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , paralyzing the center of the capital . They have remained there , undeterred by authorities ' overnight crackdown early Wednesday in which police tore down barricades they had set up . After meeting Yanukovych this week , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said he had assured her of his intent . "  He indicated he still wishes to sign the Association Agreement with the European Union , " she told CNN in Kiev on Wednesday . "  From our perspective , we think that 's good for this country . But the present crisis that 's happening right now needs to be resolved . " A statement from the EU in Brussels , Belgium , on Thursday quoting Ashton echoed this : "  The President has assured me when I 've met him that he does intend to sign the Association Agreement . " Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Serhiy Arbuzov traveled to Brussels on Thursday , where he met Stefan Fule , European commissioner for Enlargement and European Neighbourhood Policy , an EU spokesman in Kiev said . In Moscow , Russian President Vladimir Putin briefly touched on the situation in the Ukraine in his State of the Nation address to the Federal Assembly on Thursday . "  I very much hope that all political forces of the country will manage to come to an agreement in the interest of the Ukrainian people and solve all the piles of problems , " he said . Opposition dismisses talks Pressed by Europe and the United States , Yanukovych on Wednesday offered to meet opposition leaders to find a way out of a crisis that blew up last month when thousands poured into the streets of the capital , demanding his resignation . "  I invite representatives of all political forces , priests , public figures to hold the nationwide dialogue , " he said in a statement on the official presidency website . The statement also called on the opposition not to "  choose the path of confrontation and ultimatums . " However , opposition leaders have dismissed the offer of talks , insisting that Yanukovych must quit for favoring ties with Russia over the EU . In a statement on her website , Yanukovych 's jailed chief political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko , urged Ukrainians to "  stand up , " and she repeated previous opposition calls for early elections . U.S. ` disgust ' at crackdown Kiev 's handling of the pro-EU protests has been met with stern responses from the European Union and United States . Police moved into the main protest camp early Wednesday , using chainsaws to tear down the barriers , which had been manned by pro-Western demonstrators . Clashes led to reports of injuries on both sides . "  The United States expresses its disgust with the decision of Ukrainian authorities to meet the peaceful protest in ... Maidan Square with riot police , bulldozers , and batons , rather than with respect for democratic rights and human dignity , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a prepared statement . "  This response is neither acceptable , nor does it befit a democracy . " In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters Wednesday that "  all options " were under consideration in Ukraine , including sanctions . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said he was "  deeply concerned " about the Ukraine government 's decision to send in riot police against peaceful protesters . Thousands of demonstrators have been camped out for days in Independence Square . They also continue to occupy Kiev 's City Hall . The scenes of protest are reminiscent of the uprising that swept Yanukovych from office as prime minister nine years ago during the Orange Revolution . East vs. West Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west of the country and a more Russia-oriented east . Protesters say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . Moscow has leverage that may have affected Yanukovych 's decision last month to backpedal on the EU talks because Russia supplies Ukraine with natural gas . The EU is also pressuring Yanukovych to free Tymoshenko , who has languished in jail for two years after being convicted of abuse of power in 2011 . The EU and other critics decried the verdict as a sham . The Orange Revolution that swept Yanukovych from office in 2004 also brought the pro-Western Tymoshenko to power . At the rallies in Independence Square , protesters have carried her picture .	EU diplomat : Yanukovych "  assured me ... he does intend to sign " deal on closer ties Vladimir Putin hopes "  all political forces ... will manage to come to an agreement " Opposition dismisses Yanukovych 's call for negotiations Protesters remain in Kiev square , paralyze center of capital
CNN  -- When Bridget and Scott Bear were expecting their first child , they wanted to know what it would cost so they could set aside enough money in their health savings account . Knowing in advance what the price tag would be for the birth of their son gave the Bears "  peace of mind . " The Omaha , Nebraska , couple went to Alegent Health 's Web site and found the My Cost function , entered their insurance information and learned the hospital charges would be around $ 2,500 , Bridget Bear said . When Bridget Bear gave birth to their son , Lawson , on April 2 at Lakeside Hospital -- a healthy 8-pound , 8-ounce baby -- the couple were ready for the bill , she said . Alegent is one of a growing number of hospitals , Web sites , even states , helping patients comparison shop on the Internet before undergoing a medical procedure or test . Hospitals say they 're responding to a growing demand from patients who are paying for more of their health care out of pocket , thanks to rising deductibles and the advent of high deductible , consumer-driven plans like the Bears have . In the early 2000s , Bellin Health System in Green Bay , Wisconsin , began receiving more calls from patients wanting to know what a particular procedure would cost , said Jeff Hampton , director of revenue cycle management . "  As sad as it sounds , we had to say we did n't know , " Hampton said . That 's because something like knee replacement is n't one expense but many . There are the surgeon 's fee , the operating room charge , equipment and supplies , the hospital bed during recovery , and other costs . Five years ago , Bellin put the information together so would-be patients could get an accurate picture of the final bill . On its Compare Care Line , a Bellin financial adviser provides an average cost from the previous six months for a given procedure and the price range over that time period . "  People are shopping around more , " Hampton said . "  If consumers want to know what the cost of something is going to be , we should be able to give them an answer . " Alegent , with nine hospitals in Nebraska and southwest Iowa , started My Cost in January 2007 , posting the price of more than 500 tests and procedures along with data on quality of care . Integris Health , a 14-hospital system in Oklahoma City , has a Consumer Price Line number that allows patients to learn what the out-of-pocket costs will be for their procedures . The service started in July 2007 after CEO Stanley Hupfeld had some "  secret shoppers " try to get pricing information , said Nicole White , Integris spokesperson . Consumer Price Line receives between 800 and 1,000 calls a month , she said . Sixteen state hospital associations operate Web sites that allow comparison shopping for such inpatient procedures as appendectomies , maternity stays and knee or hip replacements : Georgia , Iowa , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Oregon , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington , Wisconsin . Other states have their own systems . Minnesota health care providers collaborated on the HealthScores Web site , which allows price comparisons between 110 providers for 103 common medical procedures . The Web site tells what insurance companies pay , on average , for procedures ranging from Caesarean delivery to a colonoscopy . Pennsylvania has detailed price information on cardiac and joint replacement surgeries on its Health Care Cost Containment Council Web site , but the data are several years old . Still , it underscores the enormous differences in prices . For example , knee replacement costs ranged from $ 11,243 to $ 97,031 at the state 's hospitals . Even individual hopsitals are striving to offer more transparency . Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon , New Hampshire , posts very detailed information about prices on the hospital 's Web site . Spokesperson Jason Aldous said it 's part of the medical center 's mission to provide transparency about cost , outcomes and patient satisfaction . The information is only a starting point , though , Aldous said . "  We want that to drive you to a more informed conversation " with a doctor , he said . "  A bilateral knee replacement is not like buying a car on the lot . " But Brad Myers , co-founder of New Choice Health , said health care and car buying are a lot more similar than many people think . The eight-month-old site was created to do for health care what automobile pricing guides did for new car buying 20 years ago , Myers said . New Choice Health , which does not charge for its service , lists the average cost insurance companies pay for 400 different procedures at different facilities across the country . Want to know the cost of a colonoscopy in Cleveland ? New Choice Health gives you more than 50 facilities , with prices ranging from $ 550 to $ 1,200 . How about a PET scan in Portland ? The site offers more than 20 facilities with a price range of $ 1,600 to $ 2,100 . The site is designed for people who are uninsured , individually insured or with a high deductible plan , Myers said . Patients who are not covered in a group plan generally get bills three times as high , he said . He advocates bargaining . "  Just picking up the phone will get you 20 percent off . Nine times out of 10 , if you want to haggle , it 's more like 50 percent off , " Myers says . New Choice Health , which went live in January , now gets 40,000 to 50,000 users a month , Myers says . Paul Fronstin , a senior research associate with the Employee Benefit Research Institute , said cost sites such as New Choice Health are crude tools because they do n't tell people with traditional plans what they 'll pay out of pocket . A lot depends on how much of their deductible they 've already spent . Also , people with expensive chronic diseases such as diabetes usually reach their deductible early in the year and are less concerned about price after that , Fronstin said . Childbirth is a perfect procedure to price ahead of time , according to Kathleen Stoll at Families USA . Others are not as clear cut . With knee surgery , for example , patients may not know the exact procedure they need or what complications could arise , she said . Bridget Bear said knowing what hospital fees would be in advance gave her and her husband peace of mind : "  We were able to enjoy the anticipation of Lawson a little bit more instead of having to worry about the financial piece of it . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	More Web sites help future patients comparison-shop for health care Sixteen state hospital associations operate Web sites that allow comparisons New Choice Health hopes to do for health care what pricing guides did for car buying Price information is only a starting point , said one expert
CNN  -- "  One of these mothers from Connecticut should do an Emmett Till moment ; show the picture of their child dead in the classroom . " That 's a text I received earlier this week from my TV One show producer . When I got it , a chill immediately went through my body just thinking about the possibility of seeing the carnage in such a photo . When taping this week 's edition of my show , "  Washington Watch , " Sirius/XM Radio host Joe Madison somberly said the same thing . Joe remarked that Emmett 's mother , Mamie , insisted on an open casket for her son so the world could see what was done to him by racists in Mississippi . Many Americans may not even remember Emmett Till , a precocious 14-year-old black teenager from Chicago who went to visit his family in Mississippi . He allegedly flirted with a white woman in a store , and the woman 's husband and his brother later went to the home where Till was staying , pulled him out of his bed , took him somewhere and beat him to a pulp , gouged out his eye , blew the back of his head away with a gun , attached a cotton gin with barbed wire around his neck and dumped his body in the Tallahatchie River . When his bloated and disfigured body was recovered , it was unrecognizable . He was identified based on a ring he always wore . When Jet magazine and the Chicago Defender newspaper published his battered face on their covers , it sent shock waves throughout America , and especially in the black community . The brutality of lynchings were talked about and covered , yet for the world to witness with its own eyes the end result of vicious bigotry , it forced the nation to examine its conscience . "  There was just no way I could describe what was in that box , " Mamie said . "  No way . And I just wanted the world to see . " In the wake of the Newtown , Connecticut , mass shooting , we have seen numerous photos of the beautiful , smiling faces of the 20 children and six adults slaughtered at Sandy Hook Elementary School . The images we have become accustomed to include them singing at a piano , sporting the gear of a favorite sports team and others . When we think of them being memorialized it 's in the context of teddy bears , candles and flowers . Americans want to remember them as vibrant and fun-loving children , but will that actually shake the conscience of America to do something about how they were gunned down in the classroom ? What if one of the mothers or fathers of the Newtown 20 demanded that police give them a crime scene photo of their child and they chose to show it to the world ? Can you imagine a modern day Mamie Till Mobley , wracked with pain but filled with resolve to show the nation so they could bear witness to what hate did to their child ? The great divide : Little common ground with pro- and anti-gun forces I can tell you that I 've talked to numerous black men and women who to this day remember August 28 , 1955 , the day Till was murdered . The image of his face has been seared into their brain for life as a result of seeing that photo . Is that what Americans need today ? Maybe so . For too many of us , we hear about gun violence , we talk about it , we mourn it , but to be honest , we 've never witnessed it . Our senses have been dulled to the real world carnage . We demand that news organizations not show American troops , or even the enemy , lying dead in war zones . Even when our troops returned home in flag-draped coffins , the Bush administration forbade it from being covered by the media . The Los Angeles Times was ripped by readers for showing the bloody , lifeless body of Ambassador Christopher Stevens being dragged out of a building in Benghazi , Libya . What does that say about America ? Oh , let 's talk about tragedy , but please , please , please do n't show the real results . We love blood and guts in our movies , preferring exploding heads , chests ripped open by gunfire . We adore the big explosions , bodies flying through the air , buildings tumbling down . We 'll drop millions of dollars collectively on movies and video games to see the carnage , but God forbid we are forced to see it in real life . That 's America . The land of make believe . Show us the fake stuff , but let 's retreat into a fetal position and scream , "  No ! No ! No ! " when forced to see the real thing . When my producer sent me that text , I recoiled at even the mere mention of seeing with my own eyes the real life results of what a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle could do to a 6-year-old body . But maybe I should see it . Maybe Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association should have to answer to such a photo when he is interviewed . Maybe if a modern day Mamie Till met with members of Congress and forced them to look at a photo of her baby , then we would see some political courage . Maybe if all Americans had to bear witness to such a photo , we would stop ignoring the violence equivalent to the Newtown massacres that is happening in Chicago , New Orleans and other cities across this country . Gun violence is a national epidemic . It affects all ages and races . Maybe it 's time for America to see the results of what our gun culture has wrought . Enough with our delicate sensibilities . If we truly want to confront the problem , then we 'd better have the guts to see the problem . When we 've had such tragedies in the past , there was always an initial outcry , and then we 'd settle back into our routines . When that image of Emmett Till was shown to the world , it stirred up such a burning desire for justice inside African-Americans that it was a part of the foundation of the civil rights movement . Just three months later the Montgomery bus boycott began , and many African-Americans will tell you that Till 's gruesome lynching was the catalyst . Till 's death was the moment that led to a movement , and 57 years later , we still talk about his death , largely because of that photo . Maybe the only way Newtown never leaves our conscience and fades away like Aurora or Columbine is if we have to look at the results of the tragedy to ensure that this moment leads to a transformational movement . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : The cost of gun violence is often hidden away He says Americans should see the carnage firsthand so they are stirred to act After murder of Emmett Till , his battered face was shown on magazine covers Martin says ourtrage over the Till murder helped fuel civil rights movement
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Casualties mounted in Yemen Wednesday as world powers grappled with the political crisis paralyzing the impoverished and restive nation . The United Nations Security Council met for the first time Tuesday to tackle the hostilities in Yemen , in which anti-government protesters have clashed with security forces and pro-government demonstrators over the last two months . The U.N. efforts to deal with the Yemen crisis coincide with the ongoing initiative of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council , or the GCC -- a coalition of Gulf Arab nations working to ease tensions between Yemen 's government of Ali Abdullah Saleh and a restive opposition . The Security Council was unable to agree on a joint statement , and it 's unclear whether any diplomatic reaction will be forthcoming on Yemen in the coming days . But one diplomat said it was the first time Yemen was on the agenda of the Security Council and it was "  perhaps too early for everyone to agree . " This world and regional diplomatic focus on Yemen comes as protesters took to the streets in the capital of Sanaa and other cities across the country , which the United Nations calls the poorest country in the region . One death was reported in Hodeida on Wednesday , when security forces in civilian clothing shot and killed a protester , sources said . Security officials in the Aden province city of Khormaksar said a soldier was killed and three others were wounded . Security forces said they saw at least six local residents armed with machine guns attack security forces . Eyewitnesses said troops had been antagonizing Khormaksar by setting up checkpoints , questioning people on the streets , and using threatening language . Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Sanaa over the killings of protesters on Tuesday , when at least five people died . In Taiz , eyewitnesses said four protesters were injured when they attacked government convoys with rocks and gunfire . One of the convoys was from the Taiz governor 's office . Yemen 's instability is rooted in grass-roots political and economic grievances , but the country 's instability concerns the West . That 's because the al Qaeda terror network has a strong presence there . The Saleh government has been a U.S. ally in the fight against Islamic militants there . At the United Nations , the Security Council was briefed by a senior U.N. political affairs officer and a U.N. envoy to Yemen . Germany and Lebanon introduced a statement on Yemen which would have called for restraint in violence , among other themes . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said the United States and other nations discussed calling for restraint and an end to the violence in Yemen with a credible transition to democracy . The United States and France wanted to also express support for the efforts of the GCC . Germany voiced concern about the deteriorating situation in Yemen at the meeting and called on all parties to have a dialogue in Yemen . It also expressed support for the GCC . But one U.N. diplomat said concerns from China and Russia blocked a unified response to the developments , and some countries wanted more time to consult their governments . Another U.N. agency , the United Nations Children 's Fund , said Wednesday that too many children are exposed to danger in Yemen . UNICEF spokeswoman Marixie Mercado told journalists in Geneva , Switzerland , that at least 26 children have been killed , mainly by live bullets or ammunition over the last two months . Another 15 children were killed in a large explosion at the Abyan ammunition factory in March "  when civilians reportedly looted the facility , which had been previously taken over by militants . " Mercado said more than 80 other children had been injured in beatings , rock-throwings or shootings . She said nearly 800 others had been exposed to tear gas in Yemen . CNN 's Richard Roth at the United Nations , CNN 's Christine Theodorou in Abu Dhabi and journalist Hakim Almasmari in Sanaa contributed to this report .	NEW : Unrest reported in Taiz , Sanaa and Hodeida The U.N. Security Council discusses Yemen UNICEF voices concern over children 's deaths
CNN  -- As attackers target reporters and governments shut down television stations , Latin America ranks among the most dangerous regions for journalists , according to an Amnesty International report released Friday Nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked in the Americas in 2010 , and at least 13 were killed by unidentified assailants , the human rights organization said in its annual report . "  In many cases , those killed were believed to have been targeted because of their efforts to uncover corruption or to expose the links between officials and criminal networks , " Amnesty International 's annual report says . Mexico is one of the worst offenders , said Javier Zuniga , a special adviser on human rights at Amnesty International . In that country alone , he said , 11 journalists have been killed since the beginning of 2010 . "  It 's a sense of impunity that feeds into more killings and more abuses throughout the continent , especially in Mexico , Colombia , Honduras and Brazil , " he said . Amnesty International 's report also cites Venezuela and the Dominican Republic , where the organization said government officials shut down "  a significant number of TV stations . " Over the past week , press freedom advocates have highlighted several incidents in the region . On Wednesday , the Committee to Protect Journalists called on authorities to investigate the killing of a Honduran journalist who was reportedly shot in the back outside his home this week . Cable television host Hector Francisco Medina Polanco had been threatened several times over the past six months as he reported on corruption in the local mayor 's office and regional land disputes , the New York-based organization said . "  It is unacceptable that Medina Polanco had reported being threatened and was not given protection , " CPJ Deputy Director Robert Mahoney said in a statement . Ecuador 's government also drew criticism from the organization last week as voters across the country headed to the polls for a referendum on proposals that included the creation of a council to regulate media content . Another controversial proposal would prevent media owners and their shareholders from owning stock in any company outside of that industry . Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa has said that if approved , the measure would prevent conflicts of interest , but others see it differently . "  We believe the referendum questions are aimed at stifling voices that oppose your administration , " CPJ Executive Director Joel Simon wrote in a letter to Correa . Correa has said all 10 referendum proposals passed , but authorities were still counting votes Thursday . In a visit to Argentina last week , a delegation from the Inter American Press Association accused the South American country 's government of cracking down on press freedom . Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner spearheaded a controversial audio-visual communication policy in 2008 that critics said was aimed at hobbling the holdings of the Clarin media company . Fernandez has accused Clarin of unfairly criticizing her administration . But the implications of Latin America 's struggle over press freedom could stretch far beyond the region 's borders , Amnesty International 's Zuniga said . "  The Americas should be a lesson for what might happen in the future in the Middle East and North Africa , " he said . Even though military regimes collapsed in many Latin American countries , he said , "  the culture of impunity and repression remained . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	The report says nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked in 2010 Rights specialist : 11 have been killed in Mexico since the beginning of 2010 Journalists are also attacked and killed in Honduras , Colombia and Brazil TV stations are shut down in Venezuela and the Dominican Republic
CNN  -- Sweden wo n't exactly confirm that it 's been looking for a foreign submarine in the country 's territorial waters . But if it finds something it does n't like , it is ready to do whatever is needed to force it to the surface , a Swedish military spokeswoman said Tuesday . Swedish media have reported that the military has been looking for a mystery underwater vessel , possibly Russian . The search began Thursday after Swedish intelligence picked up an emergency radio call in Russian , reported The Local , citing the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet . "  We do n't know what it is , " but we "  are prepared to use anything necessary to bring the vessel to the surface if we need to , " Swedish military spokeswoman Therese Fagerstedt told CNN on Tuesday . Helicopters , battleships and minesweepers searched waters off Sweden 's capital , Stockholmm on Tuesday , The Local reported . Thursday 's radio transmissions were being sent to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad , 330 miles  530 kilometers  south of Stockholm on the Baltic 's southern shore , according to The Local report . There were also reports that a foreign vessel was spotted in the waters near Stockholm . Russia on Sunday denied it has any vessel in Swedish waters . Moscow suggested the vessel may belong to the Netherlands and have been involved in naval exercises off Sweden , according to a report from Russia 's Itar-TASS news agency . The Dutch were quick to respond , saying a sub involved in the exercises was anchored in Tallinn harbor of NATO-ally Estonia for the weekend , according to a report from Agence France-Presse . U.S. officials told CNN there are no U.S. submarines or surface ships in the immediate area . U.S. intelligence does n't know of any Russian assets in that area , the officials said . Why would a Russian sub snoop around in Swedish waters ? Johan Wiktorin of the Swedish Royal Academy of War Sciences gave three possibilities to The Local : "  They could be mapping the waters in order to be able to navigate them in the event of hostilities , " Wiktorin is quoted as saying . "  They could also be installing equipment , like sensors , that could track or get an observation of our units in that area , " "  Or they could also possibly reconnoiter our  defense  systems . " CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Helicopters , battleships and minesweepers hunt for vessel Emergency radio call picked up by Swedish military , report says Radio transmissions sent to Russian enclave on Baltic Sea , report says Russia denies any vessel in Swedish waters
CNN  Much of the world has been stunned by the huge increase of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean this year , increasing the number of deaths at sea by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year . Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy . The flows of migrants across the Mediterranean are unlikely to stop -- Italian authorities estimate that up to 200,000 migrants in Libya are waiting to cross , following 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived in Italy last year . These flows reflect a significant increase in the number of refugees and internally displaced people across the world , with a total estimate of 51.2 million people . The latest sinking has triggered some action in the European Union , which has unveiled a new ten-point action plan . The plan includes both deterrent mechanisms , such as efforts to capture and destroy vessels being used by smugglers and a rapid return system , but also an expansion of search-and-rescue programs and a proposed new voluntary resettlement scheme , though it is reported that this may only provide 5,000 spaces . But some EU critics called for much tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey . In a column published in the UK 's Sun newspaper just hours before the sinking , Katie Hopkins declared : "  It 's time to get Australian . Bring on the gunships , force migrants back to their shores and burn the boats . " Since then , Australia 's Prime Minister , Tony Abbott , has also suggested that Europe adopt a tougher approach , saying , "  The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the people smuggling trade . The only way you can stop the deaths is in fact to stop the boats ... That 's why it is so urgent that the countries of Europe adopt very strong policies that will end the people smuggling trade across the Mediterranean . " So what would it mean if the EU did "  get Australian " in its approach to asylum seekers ? And could Australia 's current policy be used as a global solution , or at least one for asylum seekers trying to cross the Mediterranean ? There were dramatic changes in Australia 's immigration policy in 2013 , in the final months of the Labor government , led by Kevin Rudd , which have been followed up and taken further by the current Liberal National coalition government , led by Abbott . In 2013 , with bipartisan support of those two major parties , mainland Australia was legally "  excised " from the migration zone . It was done so that anyone arriving without a visa by boat would not be processed in Australia . All people who seek to enter Australia by sea , under the Asylum Legacy Act , are no longer entitled to enter or stay in Australia while their refugee claims are processed . Instead , they can be transported to detention facilities in Papua New Guinea or Nauru . Alternatively , under a recent agreement , they can also agree to move to Cambodia . Beyond this , the Abbott government has also returned some boats to Indonesia without processing asylum seeker claims and , in two instances , to Sri Lanka following a very brief teleconference interview with the asylum seekers on board . That process was widely condemned by human rights advocates , given ongoing human rights abuses in Sri Lanka . That shift in policy under successive Labor and now the Liberal National governments in Australia has been chiefly designed as a deterrent : or , to use Tony Abbott 's slogan , to "  stop the boats " . So has it worked ? First , the numbers . If your sole criteria for success is the number of boats arriving in Australia each year , then "  no advantage "  meaning no asylum in Australia  and "  stop the boats "  including the turning back of boats in international waters  has worked . In 2013 , the Australian government reported that 300 boats with approximately 20,000 people on board arrived ; in 2014 , there were 0 . The current government has argued that its objective was to end the people smuggling trade -- and this required secrecy concerning the extent of its operations and turn-backs . So we do not know how many boats tried to enter Australian waters with asylum seekers . It also appears that no asylum seekers drowned in Australian waters during the 2013-2014 period . Abbott explained the tactic of secrecy and turn-back in the following statement : "  We are in a fierce contest with these people smugglers . And if we were at war , we would n't be giving out information that is of use to the enemy just because we might have an idle curiosity about it ourselves . " If we accept that these responses have worked , the question for Australia 's government is whether it is sustainable , and whether it alleviating the flow of asylum seekers in the larger Asia Pacific region . In sum , if this policy had to end due to its financial cost , has this policy been a "  solution " ? The later years of the Howard administration saw both policy and budget departures from 2001 's "  Pacific Solution , " which first introduced the excision zones and temporary protection visas as deterrents to asylum seekers . The Rudd government abandoned temporary protection visas altogether but retained the excision zones ; this occurred in a period of heightened regional instability , leading to an increase of asylum seekers under the Rudd era . The earlier Howard years of deterrence did not provide long-term solutions regarding the regional flow of asylum seekers . At present , in the greater South-East Asian region , we may see potential regional pressures finding a way to Australian shores . The drowning of asylum seekers who sought passage via people smugglers appear to have increased , in particular , in the Bay of Bengal . At the same time , the number of asylum seekers attempting to flee within the Asia Pacific region has increased ; they are just not making it to Australia yet . On cost alone , it is hard to see Australia 's approach to asylum seekers working or being affordable in Europe . For Australia , these short-term solutions have been extraordinarily expensive . A 2014 report by the Guardian estimated that the Australian government may have spent as much as A$ 10 billion  $ 7.72 billion  on its detention policies since mid-2007 -- and that each person in offshore detention costs the government as much as A$ 440,000  $ 343,000  . For comparison , we estimate that a similar model to respond to the 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived last year in Italy would cost A$ 75 billion  $ 58.5 billion  . The Australian government 's ability to "  stop the boats " -- or at least keep asylum seekers offshore -- depends on a number of factors , including tolerance from Indonesia , significant spending devoted to asylum deterrence and weathering international condemnation for violating the human rights of asylum seekers . The consequences of a policy of no asylum and no refuge in Australia for those who arrived by boat from July 2013 has been asylum seekers placed in situations where they are vulnerable to abuse , as we saw with the death of an Iranian refugee in the Regional Processing Center on Manus Island and sexual and physical assault of asylum seekers held at the Regional Processing Center in Nauru . The Australian government 's interception of asylum seekers attempting to reach Australia by boat , and then their relocation to Nauru or Papua New Guinea  or perhaps Cambodia  , does not remove or absolve the human rights obligations that Australia has to these populations . The operation to stop and return the boats , called "  Operation Sovereign Borders " has been politically tumultuous for Australia 's relationship with Indonesia . Returning boats to international waters potentially violates Australia 's obligation to international maritime law ; push-backs to Indonesian waters violates Indonesia 's sovereignty and has placed people at great risk . In 2013 and 2014 , the Australian government sought the Sri Lankan government 's assistance to intercept those attempting to flee , and receive those who had already fled the country , at a time when that government was under investigation by the UN Human Rights Council for war crimes and crimes against humanity . As the situation in Europe illustrates , just because people are not making it to your shoreline to seek asylum does not mean people stop attempting asylum . In the short term , the "  stop the boats " approach appears to be working for the Australian government . It is questionable whether this policy is financially or politically sustainable in the long term . It certainly has not ended people smuggling or people 's attempts to seek asylum in the wider Asia-Pacific region . Nando Sigona argues that the recent tragedy in Italy is not just about how to manage search and rescue operations , but requires consistent and long-term engagement with the root causes of refugee flows . This is a message that both the European Union and Australia should heed . Italy is a good example of the failure of trying to stop asylum seekers with deterrence . The Italian government ended its Mare Nostrum search and rescue program last autumn , which was effective but was also costing the Italian government $ 9.5 million per month . It was replaced by a much smaller European Union-run program , Operation Triton , which has a smaller patrol area and a budget of less than a third that of Mare Nostrum . The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , has noted that this new program is totally inadequate and "  more geared to border control and policing the seas than to saving lives " . In Italy , both Mare Nostrum and Operation Triton were stemming an inevitable tide given the political instability in North Africa . The migrants currently in Libya are in a perilous limbo , with a growing civil war having displaced more than 400,000 Libyans and with Human Rights Watch noting that the conflict and collapse of government authority has "  eliminated any semblance of law and order from large parts of Libya . " Second , such policies have significant legal implications . The Australian High Court has ruled that these policies are legal as long as they take place outside of Australia 's migration zone , an area that today includes all of Australian territory for the purposes of boat arrivals . By contrast , the European Court of Human Rights ruled in 2012 that efforts by the Italian government to return migrants intercepted at sea to Libya violated its legal obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights because the migrants "  were under the continuous and exclusive de jure and de facto control of the Italian authorities . " This suggests that similar practices to Australia 's would be illegal under the European Convention . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	The European Union is trying to stop thousands of migrants from drowning at sea Migrants risk their lives by paying people smugglers to get them to Europe Australia has successfully stopped the flow of migrant boats to its waters
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Some of the families camped outside the San Jose mine , waiting for rescuers to reach 33 workers trapped underground , fear Chilean President Sebastian Pinera may be playing politics with the rescue operation in an effort to boost his popularity . Pinera visited the mine Sunday and spoke with the trapped workers . He also presented their families with a copper plate engraved with the words miners first used to tell rescuers they were alive , "  We 're fine , in the shelter , all 33 . " "  This is all politics . It 's dirty . It 's trickery and propaganda . They 're playing with the feelings of our loved ones , " said Nelly Bugueno , mother of trapped miner Victor Zamora . The mine rescue appears to have boosted Pinera 's popularity at a time when he was under fire in other parts of the country . In the south of Chile , Pinera is battling a hunger strike by 34 Mapuche Indians , part of the indigenous group 's ongoing campaign for independence . Along the central and southern coast , some Chileans accuse the government of being too slow to rebuild after the February earthquake and tsunami . But his overall approval rating surged to 56 percent in August , according to a survey by Adimark GfK , a 10 percent increase over the July numbers . The Chilean research company said the increase was "  directly related with the rescue operations of the trapped miners in the San Jose mine . " When the workers first sent word that they were alive , Pinera triumphantly waved their written note before television cameras . Sunday was his fifth visit to the mine . Outside the mine Sunday , some family members said they were angry that the rescue effort was being turned into a political spectacle . "  We know politicians want to show off , but I do n't care about the politics . All I care about is that the president gets our boys out , " said Cristina Nunez , wife of miner Claudio Yanez . The sister of another trapped miner accused rescuers of delaying the switch-on of a recently-assembled oil rig -- the so-called Plan C drill -- until Pinera arrived Sunday . She also claimed rescuers discovered the miners were alive in an underground shelter in the early hours of August 22 , but waited until midday to officially announce the news , after Pinera arrived at the mine . She declined to be named for fear of losing her job for anti-government comments . "  We 're still not free in Chile to speak our mind , " she said . Another woman , the wife of one of the miners , said families were sometimes not given information in a timely fashion . The woman , who asked not to be named for fear of unspecified reprisals , said she did not bother to wait in the hot sun to meet the president Sunday . "  I got tired of waiting and I 'm bored of the way he 's doing things . The mining minister and the rescuers have done a good job , but the president is playing with us , " she said . Not all relatives , however , felt frustrated by political overtones in the rescue effort . "  We have to be calm . God works on his own schedule and we have to wait patiently , " said Eli Steger , daughter of trapped miner Jose Ojeda . The president arrived at the mine at midmorning Sunday , flying in on a military helicopter that landed in the desert , kicking up dust . He spent about an hour and a half at the mine . He met 5-day-old Esperanza Ticona , the daughter of Ariel Ticona , one of the trapped miners -- and kissed her in front of television cameras . Esperanza was brought to the mine for the first time Sunday by her mother , Elizabeth Segovia . Watch how miners ' families marked independence day "  Hopefully this spirit of unity , faith , confidence and pride to be Chilean that is in the air at the San Jose mine and in every corner of Chile is a spirit that will illuminate this third century of independence , " Pinera said , referring to Chile 's recent bicentennial celebration . Away from reporters , Pinera first visited a powerful oil drill that has been transported to the mine to assist in the rescue . The drill , known as Plan C , began operating Sunday . Mine experts say it could be the fastest way of punching through rock a hole that is wide enough to hoist the miners back to the surface . Two other drills , a Schramm T-130  Plan B  normally used for boring water holes and a Raise Borer Strata 950  Plan A  normally used for drilling ventilation chimneys in mines , have been operating for about three weeks . Sunday was the first day that all three drills were working simultaneously , Pinera said .	Pinera is battling a hunger strike by 34 Mapuche Indians in south of Chile Research firm says the rescue operation has boosted Pinera 's approval ratings Sunday 's visit is his fifth to the mine He presents families with gift , meets five-day-old Esperanza Ticona , miner 's daughter
London  CNN  -- Strong winds and heavy rain battered Scotland and eastern England Thursday , disrupting rail and road traffic as northwestern Europe braced for heavy storms sweeping across the North Atlantic and North Sea . A truck driver was killed in West Lothian , west of Edinburgh , when his truck overturned and struck other vehicles . Four others involved in the collision suffered minor injuries , Police Scotland said in a statement . Farther south , England was facing the most serious coastal tidal surge in more than 60 years , the Environment Agency warned . Residents in some towns and cities on the Norfolk coast were evacuating . "  In some areas , sea levels could be higher than those during the devastating floods of 1953 , " the agency said in a statement , although it said the flood defenses are better now than they were then . The 1953 North Sea storm surge killed about 1,800 people in the Netherlands and more than 300 in the UK , according to the British Met Office . Gales of up to 90 mph spread across the region . In some mountainous areas , wind speeds of more than 140 mph were recorded overnight , the Met Office said . Operator ScotRail , suspended all service , as tracks were flooded or covered in debris , and motorists were advised to delay journeys . Some flights serving Scotland were also disrupted . In some cases , trees , factory roofs or giant hay bales had been blown onto rail lines . Glasgow Central Station was evacuated after debris damaged the building 's glass roof , said Nick King , a spokesman for Network Rail in Scotland . The worst of the storm later passed in some areas , and train service in Scotland began to run again . "  It will be many hours yet before services return to near normal levels , and so the network in Scotland and the north of England will continue to be severely impacted by today 's storm , " British train operator Network Rail said in a statement , adding that hundreds of engineers were working to clear trees and other debris from rail lines . High winds spark power cuts Thousands of residents were being evacuated in the Great Yarmouth area in eastern England , Norfolk police said . "  Around 9,000 properties are being visited by police officers and staff over the next few hours to advise on plans for imminent evacuation , " police said in a statement . The strong winds also hit electricity networks . Scottish and Southern Energy said engineers had restored power to around 33,000 customers and were working to get electricity back to 48,000 more in "  extremely difficult conditions " after the gale-force winds . "  Access is being hampered by roads blocked by fallen trees and other wind borne debris , " it said in a statement , adding that it expected most people to have their electricity supply restored by late evening . Elsewhere , Northern Ireland Electricity said emergency crews had been working since morning to restore power to more than 25,000 homes . About 2,700 remained without electricity , it said . British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted that he had asked his environment minister to chair a special meeting on the storm disruption , adding that he was ensuring all government departments and agencies were "  doing all they can to help with  the  storm . " Germany braces for severe storm In Germany , the DWD weather service issued high-level warnings for northern coastal regions , expecting the storm to peak Thursday evening . It said arctic polar air would stream into the country , but spokesman Andreas Friedrich said DWD did not expect as strong wind speeds as in Scotland . "  We do n't expect the storm to be as bad in Germany , however it will be a severe storm nevertheless , " he said . He said wind speeds of up to 103 kilometers per hour  64 mph  were expected inland , rising to 140 kilometers per hour  87 mph  in the mountains . "  This is only the beginning , and the storm will pick up speed and strength throughout the day . We are expecting the peak to be tonight . "  It can be dangerous , and people should stay inside their houses , especially in the North and around the coast , " Friedrich said . In the Netherlands , KLM said it had canceled a significant number of flights to European destinations . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and Stephanie Ott contributed to this report .	Thousands lose power at homes in Scotland , Northern Ireland ; some power restored England expecting its most serious coastal tidal surge in more than 60 years Truck driver killed in collision as winds of up to 90 mph batter Scotland Weather warning issued for Germany 's North Sea coast ; flights canceled in Netherlands
CNN  -- Controversy continues to swirl around New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez -- including his relationship with a generous Democratic donor whose plane he took to the Dominican Republic and who has business ties in that Caribbean nation . Menendez first came under scrutiny shortly before Election Day last fall , when a conservative online publication cited three unidentified sources who claimed the senator had flown on private planes to the Caribbean and during the trip had sex parties with prostitutes . Menendez denied those claims and was easily re-elected . Questions revolve around his relationship with Salomon Melgen , the Florida man who owned a plane Menendez admits having flown three times -- once on official Senate business , and twice for personal reasons -- to the Dominican Republic in 2010 . Melgen , his wife , Flor , and his daughter , Melissa , have been generous donors to Menendez , his fellow Democrats and related causes in recent years . Since 1998 , the three South Florida residents have given at least $ 360,000 to candidates and groups such as the Democratic National Committee and the New Jersey Democratic State Committee , according to data on the Federal Election Commission 's website . This does not include the $ 600,000 that Melgen 's then company , Vitreo Retinal Consultants , donated to the left-leaning Majority PAC last election cycle , reports the OpenSecrets.org website run by the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics . Now , Melgen himself is feeling the heat . Already hit by the Internal Revenue Service in 2011 with an $ 11 million tax lien , FBI agents arrived at the Melgen Retina Eye Center in West Palm Beach -- formerly called the Vitreo Retinal Consultants Eye Center -- after dark Tuesday to execute a search warrant . The search , which lasted well into Wednesday , was sparked in part by the appearance of a shredding truck on the property , said a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . Agents from the FBI and U.S. Health and Human Services Department left the offices carrying box after box of material . An FBI spokesman in Florida has confirmed there was "  law enforcement activity " at the location , but did not elaborate or mention any person specifically . Melgen 's lawyer denies wrongdoing by his client . "  The government has not informed Dr. Melgen what concerns it may have , " Dean L. Willbur Jr. told CNN on Thursday , adding that the doctor 's issues with the IRS "  have been fully resolved . " "  We are confident that Dr. Melgen has acted appropriately at all times , " said Willbur . Sen. Johnny Isakson , a Georgia Republican and member of his chamber 's ethics committee , acknowledged Friday that his office is "  aware of the news reports regarding the FBI raid on Dr. Melgen 's office . " Menendez 's spokeswoman , Patricia Enright , has said the New Jersey senator assumes the committee is reviewing the entire matter , but he has not been contacted . "  The Ethics Committee will follow its established procedures on this matter , " Isakson said . Menendez calls Melgen , who according to his official biography graduated from the Dominican Republic 's National University and has been honored by its government , a friend and political supporter . Melgen and his family have frequently contributed to the New Jersey senator 's causes -- contributing thousands to his campaigns , not to mention the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee he led from 2009 to 2011 . Menendez , set to become chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , is already facing questions over his travel on Melgen 's plane . He has said the 2010 Caribbean trips , which took place in 2010 , were "  paid for and reported appropriately , " though his spokeswoman Enright admits it was an "  oversight " for Menendez to take until January 4 of this year to pay $ 58,500 from his personal funds for two of the flights . Another issue has to do with whether Menendez advocated on behalf of ICSSI -- a port security company that Melgen has a stake in -- on Capitol Hill . During a Senate subcommittee hearing last July , Menendez did n't mention ICSSI by name , but he did press Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Matthew Rooney about an unnamed company who had a contract to X-ray cargo that went through all Dominican ports -- a contract that , he said , Dominican authorities "  do n't want to live by . " "  If those countries can get away with that , they will , " the senator said . "  And that puts American companies at a tremendous disadvantage . " Reached Friday , Menendez 's chief of staff Dan O'Brien -- while not mentioning any company specifically -- proudly noted his boss 's advocacy "  for more attention to the spread of narco-trafficking throughout Central America and the Caribbean . " "  Stemming the growth of narco-trafficking is a key challenge in the region , and it is a fight from which Sen. Menendez will never back down , " O'Brien said . Not everyone supports ICSSI 's contract in the Caribbean nation , as constituted . Foes include the American Chamber of Commerce of the Dominican Republic , a trade organization representing about 2,500 American and Dominican companies . The group said that while it does n't oppose "  increased security measures ... we oppose the contract as conceived " -- claiming it gives ICSSI a "  monopoly  in  violation of the Dominican constitution . " "  They are not what we believe they should be , and they violate all sorts of international treaties , " said the chamber , which further claims ICSSI 's rates are exorbitant . "  The ICSSI contract undermines national competitiveness , and there is no added value to it . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Greg Botelho , Adriana Hauser , Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Federal agents raid the office of a Florida doctor who has given to Democratic causes A past recipient is Sen. Menendez , who flew on the doctor 's plane to the Caribbean Dr. Salomon Melgen has a stake in a port security company involved in work in the Dominican Republic Menendez has touted better port security in Dominican Republic , but did n't mention that firm
CNN  -- Coffee shops in the Dutch city of Maastricht have banned foreign tourists , except those from Germany and Belgium , from entering their premises from Saturday , according to the local association of coffee shops . Coffee shops in the Netherlands are places where customers can legally buy and consume cannabis . "  We have put in place a ` neighbouring country ' criteria , " Marc Josemans , president of the Society of United Coffeeshops and owner of the Easy Going coffee shop , told CNN . "  This is a form of self-regulation . It is not a law , there will be no judge , this was just the only choice we had . " The move comes after Maastricht 's city council decided that something had to be done about the 2.2 million visitors that come to the city every year , according to Josemans . "  The visitors put a lot of pressure on the city when they come here and make it very busy on our narrow streets . So the city said that something had to be done about the traffic and nuisance , " he said . "  But the biggest nuisance is n't the number of coffee shops or the clients , but the illegal drug runners that can be quite aggressive and start fights and rob the tourists . " All visitors to Maastricht 's coffee shops -- some 6,000 a day , almost three-quarters of whom are foreign , according to Josemans -- already have to show their passports and their information is then kept for 48 hours . Now only those with a Dutch , German or Belgian passport will be allowed in . "  A number of people will leave disappointed , and we are not very proud of refusing entry to visitors who have come to our shops for the last 28 years and never caused a problem , " said Josemans , who has himself used cannabis for 35 years . "  The question now will be if they instead buy from the illegal drug runners here or if they buy illegally in their own countries . " Nobody from Maastricht city council was available for comment Saturday . A spokeswoman for Maastricht police told CNN that the police were not a party to the ban and that it is not illegal for foreign tourists to enter the city 's coffee shops . The spokeswoman , who is not named in line with department policy , said police would not carry out any identity checks to enforce the ban . "  We will just go about our normal business and carry out our duties where needed , " she said . At spokeswoman at the tourist office for Maastricht , which lies near the Belgian border , said it was not aware of the new rules . The Society of United Coffeeshops decided on the ban in July but it only came into effect October 1 . The organization is also working on a plan to move seven of the city 's 14 coffee shops to the outskirts , where foreign tourists can then go and buy hash and marijuana , Josemans said . "  But the first relocation wo n't happen until June 2013 , so we had to put this ban in place now , and we could then change it again once we 've completed the relocation . "  At these new sites , the parking  areas  will have direct access to the coffee shops , so the drug runners ca n't approach the clients as they walk to the coffee shop . " Josemans also says the Dutch government wants the coffee shops to operate on a smaller scale and is planning to impose a nationwide ban on anyone who does n't hold a Dutch passport buying cannabis . "  They want to put this ` weed pass ' in place from January 1 next year , but we are strongly against this . " A press release on the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice website from May this year says coffee shops will become private clubs where only adult Dutch citizens can become members . "  The Cabinet expects that closure of coffee shops to foreign drugs tourists will ensure that they no longer travel to the Netherlands to purchase and consume cannabis . After all , many of them can use the illegal markets available in their immediate surroundings , " the press release says . The statement does not give a date for the implementation of the new measures . CNN 's calls to the Dutch justice ministry were not immediately returned . But Josemans says cannabis supply is not only a Dutch problem . "  This is also the responsibility of the other European governments ; nobody is taking responsibility for those millions of customers who want to buy cannabis for their own use , " he said . "  It is time to get their heads out of the sand to get a decent drugs policy in place to address this problem . "	Maastricht city authorities say they need to cut visitor numbers Many visitors cross the border to use cannabis in the city 's coffee shops Now only Belgian and German tourists will be allowed in to such shops
CNN  -- Vladimir Putin may not be the best defender of a free press , but the well-traveled former recruit of the KGB knows how things work abroad . In America , he has learnt , drawing attention to your point of view does not necessarily imply jailing or inflicting bodily harm to your dissenters but may be as simple as submitting an op-ed to the New York Times . That is exactly what happened on September 11 , when the renowned peacemaker of Chechnya advised Barack Obama to "  stop the language of force and return to the path of civilized diplomatic and political settlement " on the matter of Syria . READ MORE : Putin 1 , Obama 0 ? This was a sweet topic of conversation and an interesting response to Obama 's address to the nation the night before , but the Russian president also criticized his counterpart for having mentioned "  American Exceptionalism " as a justification for using force or imposing its views on other sovereign countries . There , Putin may have a point . The American exception may be obvious to Americans , but it has always been a subject of conjecture for everyone else . Simple sense of superiority ? Candid idealism ? Cynical expression of self-interest ? In the eyes of foreigners , the concept varied according to who in America mentioned it , when it was used , and what country , rich or poor , had to deal with it . Adding to the complication , the Americans may disagree on its meaning . Rush Limbaugh , the conservative radio celebrity , immediately said that Obama had no idea what the American Exceptionalism is . Nevertheless , the president , on September 10 , used its most classical Wilsonian definition , after describing the fate of gassed Syrian children . He meant that America has a heart of gold , and more than any other nation , the cruise missiles to prove it . Moral ambitions or pretentions , coupled with overwhelming force . A recipe for success , or , to say the least , disappointments . As a European child , I was raised in the epic of the GIs of D-Day crushing Nazis , but soon , in 1973 , I noticed new kids had arrived in my school in a working class suburb of Paris . They came from Chile , sometimes with only one parent because the other one had been shot dead or was being tortured in Santiago . Their former president , I understood , was not to the liking of the American government of the times . As an adult , and a journalist , I could see the same post-Vietnam superpower set sail to Somalia at the request of public opinion and pack its bag at the first casualties , abandon the Rwandan Tutsis  much like every western power  before making good on its promises against the Serbs . All this to say that American Exceptionalism was only rarely exceptional . The myth even took a fatal beating in Iraq under George W. Bush , and worse , was shamed by the nonsense of Guantanamo and the sordid exactions of the Baghram prison in Afghanistan . Barack Obama on September 10 had at least the courage to try to invoke the mythology . But the damage is done . An example : Human rights organizations , mostly born in the United States in the 1970s , focused back then their action on prodding the American government to use its power and influence to reform rogue regimes abroad . This is simply impossible today because of the terrible deficit of credibility of Washington in this matter . Now , these organizations have to build up their power by themselves , and multiply foreign bureaus at great cost to obtain results and try to save lives . The reactions to Putin 's op-ed proves that he hit a nerve in the United States . The American Exceptionalism , understood as a sense of entitlement , superiority , uniqueness and sometimes immunity to any positive foreign influence is also shaken in the homeland . For long , I had been unable to discuss the tax system , the lack of universal health care , the humongous price of cable or the technology of washing machines without receiving a dreadful glare from American friends , followed by a fatalist and severe "  that 's the way we do things here . " It is easier now . Good news , the American way seems to follow some of the ways of the world , much as the sacred and mythical "  French model " meets reality . America , the new free society deemed exceptional by Tocqueville , was a pioneer in countless domains , like technology , education and justice , before suffocating and declining in its superb and often trivial isolation . Its values ? The country that sent humans to the moon seems now , for the first time in decades , willing to temper ideologies to repair its bridges and roads . The Mecca of medical innovation tries to tackle its dismal public health problems . The birthplace of juvenile justice ended up locking its kids for life without parole . But the Supreme Court is slowly amending mandatory sentences to simply adapt to the mores of most developed societies , as the attorney general , for the first time , dares to take a look at the 2.4 million American detainees . A world record and a terrible American exception . Another sign of change ? In the "  Newsroom , " the HBO series from 2012 by Aaron Sorkin , the main character , Will McAvoy , a disillusioned star anchorman , is asked "  why is America the greatest country in the world ? " His totally nostalgic and enraged answer paints the failed , or imaginary , good old times of American Exceptionalism : "  We stood up for what was right . We fought for moral reasons , we passed laws , struck down laws for moral reasons . We waged wars on poverty , not poor people . We sacrificed , we cared about our neighbors , we put our money where our mouths were , and we never beat our chest . The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one . America is not the greatest country in the world anymore . " But the rant was on TV . It made news , which is , whatever says Mr. Putin , a very good omen for America . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Philippe Coste .	Vladimir Putin 's op-ed in the New York Times disputed the idea of American ` exceptionalism ' White House has ignored Putin 's remarks but some U.S. lawmakers were outraged Coste : Things are changing and many Americans now dispute notion of ` exceptionalism '
CNN  -- For decades , Harlem has been a hub of African-American culture and the NAACP . But this month , the issue of charter schools has turned the New York City neighborhood into a battleground between activists and the 101-year-old civil rights organization . The strain was as clear as the signs and chants during a rally Thursday in Harlem -- "  NAACP , Do n't Divide Us , Unite Us ! " About 4 % of New York City 's roughly 1 million students currently attend charter schools -- which are paid with public funds but typically have different mandates , approaches and staffing arrangements that traditional schools . Another 50,000 students are on waiting lists . A proposal to expand access to charter schools and allow charters to co-locate -- or be based in the same building -- as regular schools has turned some traditional allies against each other . The rift accelerated in May , when the NAACP and the United Federation of Teachers -- a union of 200,000 New York City teachers and school staff -- filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court . Besides asking to stop 22 school closings , the lawsuit urged halting the plan to expand or co-locate 20 charter schools . On its website , the teachers ' union calls the initiative illegal and claims it would give "  charter school students more access to school facilities , including libraries , auditoriums and lunchrooms , than students in the public schools that would share the buildings . " While a teachers union opposing charter schools is hardly unprecedented , leaders of the local NAACP said they decided to step in and support the lawsuit in order to best ensure a level playing field for all New York City students . Hazel Dukes , president of the NAACP 's New York chapter , said the group is fighting for equal education for all -- similar to the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision on Brown v. Board of Education , which mandated equal education regardless of race . "  The facilities should be in good condition on both sides , " said Dukes . "  There should not be a 10 o'clock lunch hour and a 12 o'clock lunch hour . There should be one 12 o'clock lunch hour . " Yet Geoffrey Canada , a nationally renowned educator who is the president and CEO of Harlem Children 's Zone , thinks more charter schools in New York City are the solution -- not the problem . That 's why he joined parents Thursday calling for the NAACP and teachers ' union to drop the lawsuit , or at least the part pertaining to charter schools . Aisha Moore , who attended the rally , said the NAACP 's stance is counterproductive if its goal is to support the rejuvenation of New York City schools . "  The NAACP has always backed minorities and African-Americans , so it 's just surprising they 're moving against us now , " she said . "  It 's like moving backwards , when we should be pushing forward . " Keona Moore , a single parent whose daughter attends a charter school , said that the trickle-down effect of closing schools and limiting options could be devastating . "  I 'm not going to put her in a failing public school , " Moore said . Zakiyah Ansari said that 's where the efforts should be focused : on making sure no existing public schools are failing , not to create more charter schools at the expense of traditional ones . The mother of eight insisted that those rallying in Harlem on Thursday and those behind the lawsuit -- like herself -- have more in common than they might think . "  Now we 're engaged with parents and having them come out in busloads to fight against other parents fighting for the same thing -- the right for a quality education , " said Ansari , an organizer with the Alliance for Quality Education . "  We 're not asking for more . "	The NAACP and a New York City teachers ' union are trying to stop 22 school closures The groups want to stop the expansion or co-location of 20 charter schools An NAACP official says the plan unfairly favors charters at the expense of regular schools But some , like activist Geoffrey Canada , say more charter schools are needed
CNN  -- She calls herself an artist , writer , chef , poet , stylist and philanthropist . The wife of her 80-year-old boyfriend  or ex-boyfriend  calls her a mistress and a gold digger . And now V. Stiviano , the woman who was a regular courtside presence at Los Angeles Clippers games next to owner Donald Sterling , is attracting more attention than the players . Audio recordings that surfaced over the weekend purportedly depict an argument between Stiviano and Sterling . If authentic , the recordings seem to reflect Sterling 's embarrassment and frustration with Stiviano over her associating with African-Americans at Clippers games and posting such pictures on her Instagram account . Here 's what we know about Stiviano . 1 . She 's the target of a lawsuit Just last month , Sterling 's wife filed a lawsuit against Stiviano , accusing her having an affair with the billionaire team owner . In the complaint , Rochelle Sterling accuses Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . The suit claims that Donald Sterling used the couple 's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari , two Bentleys and a Range Rover . Stiviano also took over a $ 1.8 million duplex through fraud and received about $ 250,000 in cash from Sterling , the court document claims . Stiviano fought back , saying in another court document that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts . She also said she never took advantage of the Clippers owner , who made much of his fortune in real estate . 2 . Stiviano herself is of mixed race In the audio recording on TMZ , the woman reminds the man that she is of "  mixed " race and part black . In another part of the recording she says she is "  black and Mexican . " 3 . She says she 's not the one who leaked the tape Stiviano 's lawyer , Mac E. Nehoray , said Stiviano was not the one who publicized the conversation . "  This office understands that the currently released audio tape of approximately 15 minutes is a portion of approximately one  1  hour of overall audio recording of Mr. Donald T. Sterling and Ms. Stiviano , and is in fact legitimate , " Nehoray said in a news release . "  Ms. Stiviano did not release the tape  s  to any news media . " 4 . She 's staying mum Stiviano , whose first name is Vivian , has just two words posted on her door for reporters : "  No comment , " CNN affiliate KCBS said . KCBS reporter Greg Mills saw Stiviano walk down a staircase from her duplex in Beverly Grove , California , but she darted back up the stairs when she saw him . 5 . Stiviano loves photos of herself Just take a look at her Instagram account . By Monday morning , the number of Stiviano 's Instagram followers had skyrocketed to 137,000 . Many of Stiviano 's photos feature her posing in front of Clippers banners or wearing a bikini . She also has several photos of men wearing baseball caps that read "  V. Stiviano . " "  One day I will look back at Instagram & say , ` I 've been there & I 've done that . ' I do it all . Artist , Lover , Writer , Chef , Poet , Stylist , Philanthropist , " Stiviano 's Instagram bio says . The man alleged to be Sterling in the conversation takes particular exception to one photo he says the woman posted on Instagram . It was a photo of her and basketball legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " the man says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " she responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " The website TMZ said the conversation reportedly took place on April 9 . One day later , Stiviano posted a photo of a wedding gown on Instagram . "  I THINK IM READY ? " she wrote , adding hashtags such as " #beautiful #amazing #grace #lover #modern #day #marriage to #myself #weddingdress #justforfun . " "  IM PATIENTLY WAITING , " she added . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Steve Almasy , Kevin Conlon and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	V. Stiviano is being sued by the wife of Clippers owner Donald Sterling Stiviano 's attorney says she did n't release the tape that had racist comments Sterling 's wife filed a suit against her , claiming she received lavish gifts
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly two weeks after an explosion aboard an oil rig caused a leak from an undersea oil well off Louisiana , the impact is just beginning to unfold . Though the widening pool of oil remained offshore Monday , it was already a presence for some coastal areas . John Kelly , administrator of Gulfport , Mississippi , said he had been able to smell it since Friday . "  I got $ 3 million worth of boats sitting here , " said Capt. Louis Skrmetta , who ferries tourists from Gulfport to the state 's pristine barrier islands . "  What am I going to do with them ? " BP 's ruptured undersea well continues to spew about 210,000 gallons -- or 5,000 barrels -- of crude per day into the Gulf of Mexico . Efforts to contain or curtail the spill have been unsuccessful . The sheen extends up to 60 miles across and threatens the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , as well as the Florida Panhandle , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . That 's an area nearly as large as the state of Delaware . The slick was nine miles off the Louisiana coast Monday , said Adm. Thad Allen , commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard and incident commander . BP chief executive Tony Hayward vowed that the oil giant would "  absolutely be paying for the cleanup operation " of the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico . "  Where legitimate claims are made , we will be good for them , " he told NPR 's "  Morning Edition . " The U.S. government was leaving little to chance . Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday that Justice Department employees were in the Gulf region "  to ensure that BP is held liable . " Allen said BP "  is the responsible party " and "  will bear all the costs " of the cleanup . Still , the promises failed to quell the fears . "  I hope we can weather the storm , " said Keith Delcambre , owner of seafood market Bozo 's in Pascagoula , Mississippi . WLOX : Pass Christian Harbor in Mississippi prepares for oil He said the nature of the current disaster could exact more of a toll on seafood than Hurricane Katrina , which savaged the Gulf Coast in August 2005 . "  We weathered Katrina , but shrimp after Katrina was good , " he said . "  Seafood after Katrina was good . With all the oil out there , I do n't know what to expect . This is brand new . " In Gulfport , officials worried that a drop in tourism from the slick would chill the city 's post-Katrina rebound , which includes half a billion dollars in new construction , $ 30 million of which has been spent on the harbor . "  This could not have happened at a worse time in our history , " Kelly , the city 's administrator , said . Katrina left equipment operator Daniel Schepens out of work for a month , but the oil slick could prove worse , he said . "  The warehouses are empty . No trucks , no imports , no exports . " "  If it threatens the commercial sea lanes , that 's a concern , because if ships do n't come in and ships are n't able to go out , that stops commerce , " said Donald Allee , CEO of the Mississippi State Port Authority . WWL : Fishermen try to help contain oil slick For now , the harbor is being used as a loading point for hundreds of miles of booms that are intended to defend against the slick 's arrival . But the booms may not protect the coast any more than the levees protected New Orleans during Katrina : Rough seas have already broken apart some of the booms . WDSU : Rush to save Lake Pontchartrain Meanwhile , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist on Monday extended a state of emergency to 13 coastal counties in his state and said he might extend it to two more on Tuesday . He had issued an emergency declaration last week for six counties on the western end of the Florida Panhandle ; Monday 's declaration added the rest of the Panhandle , and counties on the Gulf Coast of the main Florida peninsula as far south as Sarasota . "  In the event that the oil does come to our shores , I want us to be ahead of it as much as humanly possible , " he told reporters . Preparations continue on strategies to stop the leak , though each plan has drawbacks . One plan is to lower a dome over the wellhead next week to capture the spewing oil , said Florida Secretary of Environmental Protection Michael Sole . "  That would stop the flow -- if successful , " he said . "  Unfortunately , it 's never been tried at 5,000 feet below the surface of the water . " Officials warn of possible catastrophe BP also is having a contractor drill a relief well that would allow workers to plug the first well . "  Unfortunately , that 's a two - to three-month operation , " Sole said . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and other Obama White House officials met Monday afternoon with Hayward and BP America President Lamar McKay to discuss the response efforts . On Sunday , federal officials banned fishing for at least 10 days in the northern Gulf of Mexico from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana to waters off Florida 's Pensacola Bay . The Gulf Coast 's commercial fishing industry brings in about $ 2.4 billion to the region . WDSU : Oil spill closes fishing waters The spill cast a pall over the annual boat blessing ceremony in St. Bernard , Louisiana , where fishermen have observed the tradition for decades to usher in the shrimp season . On Monday , Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , joined Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser on a conference call with President Obama and Coast Guard officials . Officials are fighting the spill on three fronts , Napolitano said Monday . "  One is to cap the well " that is leaking the oil , she said . Authorities are also fighting the slick at sea before it reaches land , and preparing to clean it up immediately if it does make landfall , she said . In Venice , Louisiana , Obama told reporters Sunday that his administration has launched a "  relentless response " to the spill , but the problem might not be solved for many days . WDSU : Fishermen to help oil cleanup The oil spill started April 20 , after an explosion on BP contractor Transocean Ltd. 's Deepwater Horizon drilling platform left 11 men presumed dead . The spill will have "  a multidecade impact , " a "  long-term poisoning " of the area , said Richard Charter of the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife . Booms were strung across the mouths of delta estuaries in Louisiana and inlets along the Mississippi coast . In Alabama , National Guard troops helped lay them out off Dauphin Island , at the southern end of Mobile Bay . The cause of the blast remains unknown . BP says a device known as a "  blowout preventer " failed and has not responded to repeated attempts to activate it using remotely operated submarines . How the oil spill crisis could affect BP Frustration with BP has been growing across the Gulf states , and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has said the company 's response has been inadequate . Some 200 vessels , including skimmers , tugboats and nine remotely operated underwater vehicles are on or near the site , BP 's Chief Operating Officer Douglas Suttles told reporters . BP spokeswoman Marti Powers said the company was trying to use the submarines to activate the blowout preventer at the ocean floor and spreading dispersants on and under the water to break up the slick . The company has put out about 300,000 feet -- roughly 60 miles -- of floating booms to keep the oil away from ecologically sensitive shorelines , she said . But she said efforts to skim oil off the surface were put off because of bad weather . "  Some of the vessels ca n't get out , " she said . "  But they are still making the effort . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Brian Todd , Sarah Hoye , Saeed Ahmed , Mark Biello and Richard Lui contributed to this report .	NEW : Administration officials meet with BP execs to discuss spill response Florida governor extends emergency declaration to 16 more coastal counties Oil slick was nine miles off coast Monday Feds ban fishing for at least the next 10 days in part of the northern Gulf of Mexico
EW.com  -- In the "  Incredible Burt Wonderstone , " Steve Carell and Steve Buscemi play world-famous Las Vegas magicians . Carell wears spangled red velvet and a poufy wig that makes him look like Barry Manilow , and Buscemi sports an even more unreal-looking lanky mop . Each night , they kick off their act by doing a smiley little dance to " Abracadabra , " that cheesy-catchy Steve Miller Band classic . This trademark fanfare places the two somewhere between Siegfried & Roy and the head-bopping Butabi brothers from "  Saturday Night Live , " and I chuckled , with mild pleasure , at the dopey kitschiness of it . I assumed  or at least hoped  that the dance would be a warm-up for the much bigger laughs to come . Carell 's Burt Wonderstone and Buscemi 's Anton Marvelton have been partners ever since they were childhood geeks who began inventing their own magic tricks back in the early '80s . They 've been doing their sold-out show at Bally 's for so long now that they 're sick of it , and sick of each other , too . Burt , off stage , is a toxic diva who makes groupies sign contracts and treats Anton like an indentured servant . One night , the two are working with a brand-new assistant , Jane  Olivia Wilde  , performing a classic trick that requires Burt and Jane to huddle inside a box , which Anton jabs with swords . Squeezed inside the compartment , Burt asks Jane to sleep with him that night , and when she turns him down , he throws a hissy fit . It should be an over-the-top funny moment , as Carell lashes out with a faux-aristocratic hauteur . He 's going for a Will Ferrell meltdown , yet there 's something a little too controlled about Carell 's bombastic nuttiness . The effect is n't hilariously insane . Once again , it 's just kind of mild . ` Burt Wonderstone ' : Box office magic ? "  Burt Wonderstone " seems to be reaching for the tone of early Farrelly brothers movies like Kingpin , and also for the madcap hostility of Zoolander . Yet in too many scenes , the comedy does n't quite ignite . The movie rarely climbs out of the chuckle zone , except for a few times when Jim Carrey is on screen as Burt and Anton 's rival , a stringy-haired , tattooed street magician who specializes in cable-TV stunts that represent the new era : He 's like Criss Angel as a Zen pain freak . The gleam of madness in Carrey 's eye finds a perfect home in this role , which has him upping the ante on how far he 'll go  holding in his urine for 12 days , spending a night on hot coals  , all as a way to bedazzle jaded audiences . ` Glee ' : Idina Menzel to return He beats Burt and Anton at their own game , and their act starts to fall apart . And so , in a way , does the movie . Instead of getting wilder , it turns earnest and mushy , as Burt , humbled by failure , starts performing at a retirement home , where he befriends Rance Holloway  Alan Arkin  , the cranky magician whose VHS tape first inspired him as a kid . Burt Wonderstone has a real affection for the world of illusionists , a showbiz demimonde it treats with simultaneous snark and awe . Yet the movie itself is too cautious and unimaginative to bring off what a great magic trick â $ " or comedy â $ " should do : make us laugh out loud with surprise . B - See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Carell wears spangled red velvet and a poufy wig in "  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone " Carell and Buscemi play world-famous Las Vegas magicians Their characters have been partners ever since they were childhood geeks "  Burt Wonderstone " seems to be reaching for the tone of early Farrelly brothers movies
CNN  -- A group of gunmen killed a well-known Mexican singer when he arrived at a toll booth in the western Mexican state of Sinaloa , state media said . The Deputy Attorney General 's Office said Sergio "  El Shaka " Vega was on his way to perform at a village festival concert when gunmen ambushed the red Cadillac he was driving around 9:30 p.m. Saturday  12:30 a.m. Sunday ET  , Mexican state news agency Notimex reported . Authorities are still investigating the 40-year-old musician 's death . They said they found 9 mm shell casings in the car 's door , Notimex reported . Musicians have been targets of Mexican drug gangs in the past . Violence in Mexico has skyrocketed since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the nation 's drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . More than 22,000 people have died in drug violence during that time period , the government said recently . CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	Gunmen ambushed singer at a highway toll booth , state media said Vega was on the way to perform at a concert Mexico 's drug gangs have targeted musicians in the past
CNN  -- This Pachyrhinosaurus can go to the head of its class . It 's not often , after all , that you can see and touch a skull that 's about the size of a Smart Car , about 70 million years old and looks like a mutant blend of a triceratops and giant parrot . University of Calgary paleontologist Darla Zelenitsky first made the mammoth find in Alberta 's Badlands , then revealed it to the world Thursday . "  It almost looks like some sort of mythical beast , " Zelenitsky said . "  Because it is so big and  mature  , it makes for a very strange-looking individual . " This is n't the first Pachyrhinosaurus discovery -- that came in the mid-20th century -- and there have been other notable such finds since then in Canada 's Alberta province and Alaska . But what makes this one unique is how well preserved the skull is  75 % to 80 % complete , which is remarkable for a dinosaur  , the fact it 's from an older Pachyrhinosaurus  therefore more can be learned from it than a younger version  , and , of course , its immense size . Not that Zelenitsky 's team knew all that when they spotted a bumpy rock in mid-October while exploring exposed southern Alberta 's Drumheller -- a town that calls itself the Dinosaur Capital of the World for a reason , given the outcrops that make it a paleontologists ' dream . A little digging led to more digging and , after about three days , the realization that they 'd found a gigantic dinosaur skull . It took several more months  and the removal of 5 tons of rock  to unearth it in three pieces and show it off to the world . Still , a lot of work needs to be done to peel away remaining surrounding rock and examine the skull in more detail , not to mention see it in full . "  It was really exciting because , when we started , there really was n't much there , " Zelenitsky , an associate professor in the University of Calgary 's geoscience department , said . "  Then , the skull was not really ending it was so big . " Even with more to peel back , Zelenitsky already calls this skull one of the biggest , if not the biggest , of any Pachyrhinosaurus ever discovered . Given its distinct nature , she and fellow paleontologists will be trying to determine if it is part of its own species or just a big version of an existing one .  There are three known species of Pachyrhinosaurus as is . Even if it 's part of previously discovered Pachyrhinosaurus species , there 's no doubt this skull is quite a sight . The herbivore 's beak at the front of its snout was likely used to crop vegetation . Behind that are rows of teeth that finished off whatever greens made it into the mouth . Then there 's what Zelenitsky describes as a "  huge , almost platter-shape structure " and the dinosaur 's frill . Instead of pointed horns like a triceratops , Pachyrhinosaurs have masses of bones atop their heads likely used in head-butting rituals to compete for mates or perhaps for combat . The entire skull is about 2 to 2.5 meters  6.5 to 8 feet  long ; the entire animal is only 6 meters , meaning this Pachyrhinosaur  as well as its kin  was very top heavy . "  These animals had huge skulls relative to their bodies , " said Zelenitsky .	A University of Calgary paleontologist shows off a Pachyrhinosaurus skull It 's one of the biggest , if not the biggest , of its kind at 2 to 2.5 meters , she says The discovery is also remarkably intact , though there 's still more to reveal Pachyrhinosaurs lived about 70 million years ago in Calgary 's Alberta and Alaska
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- There are days working for CNN when you feel like you are in the final scene of the film "  Hotel Rwanda , " hurtling toward an uncertain salvation from a disaster of epic proportions . Fear and frustration are softened by exhaustion . Your heart races , but every other sound is like white noise . You plunge ahead , but also long to return to the comfort of your own life with its own particular frustrations and joys . That 's how it felt pulling out of Concepcion , Chile , where an earthquake sent people gliding across the floors of their own homes , tossed some buildings into pieces and set off frantic unrest among people living without food , water or safety . We had been on an odyssey just to get to the epicenter of this disaster . We had left behind a documentary project on the Haiti disaster to fly to Miami , Florida , where we turned around and went through Panama ; Lima , Peru ; Sao Paolo , Brazil ; and Buenos Aires and Bariloche , Argentina , before driving through Patagonia into Chile . But we could n't stay long in Chile without jeopardizing that project . Full coverage of the Chilean earthquake Even as this new disaster unfolds , there are still thousands living on Haiti 's streets in a crisis of uncommon proportions . A documentary on Haiti 's children needs to air while the public is still focused . Meanwhile , CNN was getting more teams on the ground to help those already here amid tough conditions . Our team of nine journalists and four drivers had arrived in Concepcion to join a few others , but we 'd all been stymied by the lack of generators or fuel to power them in a place with no electricity . We had a mountain of snack food and water , but until we found ways to get electricity , each attempt at making television was a challenge . Then some of our local drivers confused the cans of extra diesel fuel and gasoline and filled the wrong fuel in the tanks . They spent half a day sucking it out of the vehicles , but then threw out the empty jugs we needed to get refills -- if fuel ever reappeared . It was a comedy of errors that ended up with three of four cars temporarily inoperable . It was cold with no place to stay , no way to power our cameras or equipment . The CNN logistics folks hustled , getting new people in with fresh supplies and gas . Our Haiti project was looming . We 'd have to leave soon . But how ? No fuel means no cars , and this whole region of Chile was at a standstill . The only thing moving was the earth , in constant aftershocks . And we were a 12-hour drive from Santiago , where the only big airport was closed . We hopped aboard one of the cars that still had fuel and headed to a small airport outside town . Concepcion , city of chaos It was n't easy : Whenever you leave a story , a reporter feels enormous guilt . After all , you 'd come to tell people what 's happening , to hold the authorities accountable , to record history in the making . This town was in crisis , and we were leaving . As we drove , dozens of people rode around on bicycles dangling fuel cans from one hand , aimlessly searching for ways to power cars and light homes . We dodged barricades put up by residents to discourage looters and around piles of bricks from homes newly damaged from aftershocks . The air smelt like smoke and concrete . Military vehicles and sirens made the only noise . We expected the tiny airport , which was officially closed , to be empty , but it was abuzz with the displaced . We were not the only ones hoping to leave . Hundreds of people carrying luggage had slept outside the darkened terminal hoping some aircraft would soon land and leave . The Chilean Air Force was offering rides , so we made our way to Santiago where the Peruvian president had a few police planes offering trips out of the disaster zone to Lima . We boarded the small airplane through the back ramp and saw that this aircraft was meant for cargo , not people . The gray metal "  seats " ran along the sides of a curved plane that forced you to curve your back to sit . No big deal , we figured . It 's just three hours . World 's biggest quakes since 1900 But on these planes it 's not . They have small gas tanks and have to stop to refuel twice . It was cold -- bitter cold -- on the "  seats . " But everyone was so grateful no one whined , not even the eight or nine children wrapped in jackets much too big for them and tucked into their parents ' arms . We , too , threw on more and more layers -- mostly dirty clothes , as we 'd been on the road for two weeks . We huddled together . Two hours in , the children onboard needed to pee in a plane with no bathrooms . Plastic bags appeared . There was no way to sit comfortably , and it was soon the middle of the night . The refueling happened in tiny mountain towns that looked like the surface of the moon . Each time we landed , we 'd check e-mail on our quickly dying Blackberries . Another aftershock had hit , this time a strong 6.3 . An e-mail went out from the main coordinating team in Chile , asking each reporting team to check in ASAP . Then , a tsunami warning . Finally , confirmation they are all OK . That was a relief , but word followed of another producer stranded someplace trying to find fuel and a generator to bring to our colleagues in Concepcion . How nerve-wracking . Then , word that someone has found a way to go help them . We pressed on . Everything on this trip evolved in 12-hour clips , and our trip was no different . We arrived in Lima at 4 a.m. , cold and exhausted . Some women kissed the ground , crossed themselves or cried . Rose 's family is at least from Lima , so it 's a familiar place to one of us , but it 's many hours from home -- and many miles from the last big story .	Soledad O'Brien and her team go from one earthquake zone to another They give a behind-the-scenes look at what it 's like to cover a major disaster They experience guilt as they have to leave Chile and the story of its troubles Exiting Chile proves to be as arduous as getting into the earthquake-ravaged nation
Washington  CNN  -- The Democratic candidate for governor of Massachusetts just got some more bad news . Attorney General Martha Coakley became the first Democratic governor candidate in 20 years to not receive the endorsement of the Boston Globe in the general election , with the publication instead endorsing Republican Charlie Baker on Sunday . The endorsement comes on the heels of the race 's latest poll , which showed Coakley down by 9 points . The Boston-based newspaper , the most prominent in the state , backed Baker , claiming the Republican would deliver more effective state governance . The newspaper 's editorial board suggested that the prospects of Baker and a veto-proof Democratic majority in the state legislature could result in "  creative tension , " forcing both parties to come together and solve the state 's problems . "  One need n't agree with every last one of Baker 's views to conclude that , at this time , the Republican nominee would provide the best counterpoint to the instincts of an overwhelmingly Democratic Legislature , " the endorsement reads . The newspaper also endorsed Baker over Coakley because it claimed the Republican would in fact be the better candidate to "  consolidate " outgoing Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick 's legacy on reforms tied to education , health care and public transportation . "  At a difficult inflection point in state government , Massachusetts needs a governor who 's focused on steady management and demonstrable results , " the Globe 's editorial board wrote . Democrats are boosting efforts to save Coakley 's declining stock . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton joined Patrick and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren at a campaign rally for Coakley on Friday . Clinton 's visit came after her husband former President Bill Clinton and First Lady Michelle Obama have also rallied voters in Massachusetts to support Coakley . And Vice President Joe Biden will head to the state for a fundraiser on Wednesday . CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	The Boston Globe endorsed Republican Charlie Baker for Massachusetts governor Attorney General Martha Coakley was down 9 points to Baker in the most recent poll
CNN  -- Imagine a transportable solar power station that tracks the sun like a sunflower and cools itself by pumping water through its veins just like a plant . The Sunflower Solar Harvester , developed by the Swiss company Airlight Energy , can do all that and in the process produce heating , desalinated water , and refrigeration from the 12kW of energy it provides from just 10 hours of sunlight - enough to power several households . Aimed at off-grid communities in remote regions , the all-in-one 10m-high system -- whose components can be transported in a single container and reassembled in situ - has been in development for more than two years and could be on sale as early as mid-2017 . Integrated system "  It 's an integrated system so it supplies both electricity and heat , " head of research at Airlight Energy , Gianluca Ambrosetti , told CNN . "  You can use this heat to drive a cooling system too , if you need refrigeration . " He said the system will appeal to those that have multiple requirement and a lot of sunlight . "  It 's not going to work so well if you have a lot of requirements and you have the climate of , say , Germany . " Nevertheless , off-grid regions from as disparate and far-flung places as North Africa , the Middle East , the United States , Chile and Australia have expressed an interest in the technology . "  Then there are those regions that have good solar radiation and high fossil fuel prices such as Japan which is not an obvious place for this sort of system , but where we see a lot of potential , " Ambrosetti said . Water-cooled At the core of the technology are IBM-designed water-cooled solar panels whose microchannels carry away the heat produced by the reflector mirrors . The flower-like array of reflectors concentrate the sun 's energy more than 2,000 times onto the six panels which each hold 25 photovoltaic chips . The heat is carried away by the water at a rate that keeps the microchips at their optimum temperature , making the Sunflower Solar Harvester one of the most efficient solar energy producers around . Developers say that it needs just a quarter of the panels to produce the same amount of power as conventional systems . Everything about its design is aimed at bringing down costs ; what would normally require large and expensive solar mirrors is achieved with metallised foil of the type found in food packaging like potato chips . The concave shape of the reflectors is kept in place by a light vacuum , a useful failsafe if the cooling system fails . Rather than overheating the solar cells , the operator can simply release the vacuum to diffuse the reflected sunlight . Remote appeal While the company is not claiming the technology will completely replace fuel-powered generator sets -- which can often produce 10 times the power of one solar sunflower -- Ambrosetti said it could be possible to run some remote facilities with an array of the parabolic mirrors . "  You would , of course , not have just one Sunflower but several so you can scale it up quite easily , " he said . "  Hospitals , for instance , are quite energy intensive -- if you needed 1.2 mW to run a hospital you 'd need 100 sunflowers . "  But if you were in a small camp hospital with minimal refrigeration requirements for medicines , it could be set up in a remote location and just one dish could satisfy quite a lot of those needs . " The system produces around 20kW of thermal power from 10 hours of sunlight , enough say the developers to power a low-temperature desalinator in coastal regions . Sea water vapor would pass through a polymer membrane and condense in a separate chamber , to produce as much as 2500 liters of fresh water per day . Vascular system Ambrosetti said the cooling system drew its inspiration from nature where vascular systems operate to carry away excess heat . "  We are still a long way from commercialization , but what we can do is to tap into its potential . We plan to set up early adopter projects that would be running by 2016 , " he said . "  We aim to have four or five dishes in various locations around the world to show the potential of the system so people can really start to touch it with their hands . " Ambrosetti said the system was likely to appeal commercially to green residential and commercial developments . "  It 's biggest potential is in making integrated systems where you can provide several things at once such as heating , cooling and electricity , " he said . The project also recently got nominated as the top "  solar wonder " of the world by Greenpeace : Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Wind farms of the future go underwater Is the Darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ? China 's impact on the future of e-commerce	A water-cooled transportable solar power station tracks the sun like a sunflower to produce off-grid energy The unit can provide 12kW of power and 20kW of thermal power from just 10 hours of sunlight The manufacturer says the integrated technology could have great potential in remote communities Japan , where fossil fuel prices are high , has expressed an interest in deploying the solar harvester
CNN  -- Tiger Woods apologized on Wednesday for "  transgressions " that "  let his family down . " "  I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart . I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " he said in a statement on his official Web site . "  I am not without faults and I am far short of perfect . I am dealing with my behavior and personal failings behind closed doors with my family . Those feelings should be shared by us alone . " Woods made the comments in a statement posted on his Web site the same day that a gossip magazine published a story alleging that Woods had an affair with a 24-year-old New York cocktail waitress . The nightclub hostess , identified by a supermarket tabloid as Tiger Woods ' mistress had called allegations that she is romantically involved with the golf superstar false and "  ridiculous . " In an interview published Tuesday , Rachel Uchitel told The New York Post that a disgruntled acquaintance sold the story to the National Enquirer and that "  not a word of it is true . " "  I work in clubs , and I am a businesswoman , " Uchitel said . "  I do not have sex with celebrities , and I have not had an affair with Tiger Woods . " Speculation has swirled around Woods since a wreck outside his Florida home early Friday left him with minor injuries and a citation for careless driving . The Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday that its citation closes its investigation of the crash . Woods was not required to talk to state police about the wreck and did not sit for an interview with investigators . He issued a statement Sunday saying he alone was responsible for the crash and denouncing "  the many false , unfounded and malicious rumors that are currently circulating about my family and me . " Opinion : Woods is only human The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , as well as three U.S. Open titles . Investigators have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home at such an early hour . A police report says the wreck was not alcohol-related . Uchitel said she has met Woods twice , once in her capacity as the VIP director at a club in Manhattan 's trendy Meatpacking District and another time through a mutual friend . "  That 's my job : to know these people , to have a relationship with them , to hang out with them , " she told the Post . "  It does n't mean I am having sex with them or an affair with them . " She said the allegations "  must feel horrible " to Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren . "  The worst part of it , it 's not true , " Uchitel said .	NEW : Tiger Woods apologizes for "  transgressions " that let his family down Woods tells his personal Web site that he is "  far from perfect " Statement follows allegations of an affair in tabloid publications in the U.S.
CNN  -- Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg burst into the public 's consciousness as the awkward , hoodie-wearing Harvard kid who cooked up a website in his dorm room and went on to earn billions from it . But in the past year , he 's begun to leverage his deep pockets -- he 's worth about $ 16 billion -- and high profile as an advocate for issues beyond the company 's Menlo Park , California , offices . Whether it 's pledging to spread Internet access to the world 's poorest corners , as he announced Wednesday , or plunking down millions to encourage kids to become scientists , Zuckerberg has evolved into a big-time player , willing to put himself forward for issues he believes in . Here are five examples . The Web evangelist Zuckerberg on Wednesday announced Internet.org , a new nonprofit devoted to spreading Web access to the nearly 5 billion people around the world who do n't have it . Calling access to the Internet a human right , Zuckerberg told CNN the organization will focus on the mobile Web , which is the way many people in poor and developing nations get online . It 's also , perhaps not coincidentally , an area where Facebook has focused heavily on expanding its reach and revenue . But Zuckerberg says the effort is n't designed to be self-serving . "  If we really just wanted to focus on making money , the first billion people who are already on Facebook have way more money than the next 5 or 6 billion people combined , " Zuckerberg said . "  It 's not fair , but it 's the way that it is . And , we just believe that everyone deserves to be connected , and on the Internet , so we 're putting a lot of energy towards this . " The immigration reformer At first glance , immigration reform does n't seem like a natural cause for an Internet billionaire . But Zuckeberg took the lead this month in bringing together tech luminaries to form FWD.us -- a group advocating for Congress to reform the nation 's immigration system . Tech companies mostly benefit from the federal government 's H1B program , which makes it easier for highly skilled workers in fields like computer programming to emigrate to the U.S. . But the group advocates equally for issues like helping undocumented immigrants who were brought into the country as children . The group has pumped millions of dollars into things like a TV ad urging Congress to "  fix our broken immigration system . " The bipartisan backer Silicon Valley has an uneasy relationship , at best , with Washington . But in recent months , Zuckerberg has begun spreading the wealth around . Does the Facebook founder "  like " Democrats or Republicans ? It 's complicated . Early this year , Zuckerberg hosted a fundraiser for Republican New Jersey governor -- and potential presidential candidate -- Chris Christie , with whom he has partnered on education issues  see below  . But he would later do the same favor for a Jersey Democrat -- Newark Mayor Corey Booker  see same  . Zuckerberg hosted a town hall meeting at Facebook for President Barack Obama in 2011 . But his FWD.us group has helped fund campaign ads for conservative Republican senators like Florida 's Marco Rubio and South Carolina 's Lindsay Graham , considered swing votes for the immigration bill in their chamber . It may be unclear which lever Zuckerberg tends to pull at the voting booth . But when he picks up the phone , politicians answer . The health-science patron Zuckerberg spearheaded an effort early this year designed to spur innovation that has nothing do with social media or mobile apps . Instead , it 's for saving lives , or making them better . He helped create the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences , an annual award given to researchers whose work is "  aimed at curing intractable diseases and extending human life . " The award pays recipients $ 3 million each -- twice as much as a Nobel Prize -- and is also funded by tech leaders like Google 's Sergey Brin and Apple board Chairman Art Levinson . "  Society has a lot of heroes for a lot of different things , but we do n't have enough heroes who are scientists and researchers and engineers , " Zuckerberg told CNN in February . "  We 're just trying to set up this ... to reward and recognize the amazing stuff these folks are doing . " The philanthropist Zuckerberg has n't shied away from giving back . In fact , last year he was the second-most generous giver in the United States , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy . He does n't have any direct personal ties to Newark , New Jersey . But in 2010 , he pledged a whopping $ 100 million of his fortune to helping out troubled schools there . The money was the first gift from Startup : Education , a foundation created by Zuckerberg to help schools . Joined by Booker and Christie , Zuckerberg took to "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " to announce the donation and foundation . Cynics noted that the gift came shortly before the release of "  The Social Network , " the fictionalized film on Facebook 's birth that many believed cast Zuckerberg in a negative light . But his philanthropy did n't stop there . Zuckerberg later pledged an even bigger sum , nearly $ 500 million , to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation , which issues grants for a host of causes in the San Francisco area . In 2012 , its charitable causes ranged from programs that teach immigrants English to groups providing food and shelter to the needy to funds for victims of the California wildfires . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Mark Zuckerberg is increasingly speaking up on non-Facebook issues Facebook CEO announces new effort to bring Web access to nearly 5 billion people He has donated to schools and politicians from both major U.S. parties Zuckerberg also spearheaded tech-industry efforts to pass immigration reform
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher is a veteran of nearly 300 Formula One races , but he still felt a rush of excitement on Tuesday as Mercedes unveiled their car for the 2012 season . The motorsport legend was joined by fellow German Nico Rosberg and team principal Ross Brawn as Mercedes showed off the new F1 W03 at a preseason test event in Barcelona , Spain . The 43-year-old , who has won more drivers ' titles than anyone else in history , is enjoying a second spell in the sport after initially retiring in 2006 -- only to return again in 2010 . Despite being unable to replicate the form he showed prior to his first retirement , Schumacher said he is still hungry for success as he prepares for a 19th season in the elite division of motorsport . "  I have done quite a few roll-outs and launches of new cars , but even after all these years I must say it still feels special , " Schumacher , who won two championships with Benetton in 1994 and 1995 and five with Ferrari between 2000 and 2004 , told the sport 's official website . "  Days like this are precious moments , as they are always filled with hope and anticipation . " Schumacher , who has started 287 grands prix since making his debut in 1991 , has failed to finish on the podium since returning to the grid and only registered one top-four finish last year , at June 's rain-affected Canadian Grand Prix . Despite disappointing results , he vowed to fight for the hardworking staff at the team 's British factories . "  I can say already that the guys and girls back in the factories at Brackley and Brixworth were brilliant in putting in so much effort , and we can only say a big thank you them , " he said . "  I know which reward they would like , and we will definitely try to deliver it . For my part , I am eager to fight again , looking forward to the new season , and I ca n't wait for it to begin . " Rosberg was the first driver to get behind the wheel of the F1 W03 at Silverstone last week . The former Williams pilot was looking forward to learning more about the new car ahead of the season getting under way in Australia next month . "  We have had a good start to our 2012 testing program , and it was a great feeling to drive the first laps in the new F1 W03 , " the 26-year-old said . "  The car looks good , and is very nicely packaged under the bodywork . "  All the parts are in harmony , which reflects how well the different departments of our team are working together . From the beginning of our running , we have been able to focus on understanding the car and making good progress with our test program . "  It will be very interesting to learn more about where we stand in the next few weeks . "	Michael Schumacher is excited ahead of the 2012 Formula One season The seven-time world champion was speaking as Mercedes unveiled their new car The German claims he is still hungry for on-track success despite being 43 years old The 2012 season starts with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18
I met an entrepreneur recently who was comparing doing business in Asia 's two biggest countries . "  When I 'm in India , " he said , "  I spend the first 40 minutes of any meeting exchanging niceties . In the last five minutes , we get to business . " What about China ? "  We do business for 40 minutes . Right at the end , we chit-chat for five . " It 's only an anecdote , but the results seem to bear it out . China gets things done ; India invents ways not to . China dazzles the world by hosting an impeccable Olympics ; India struggles to complete basic infrastructure for the Commonwealth Games . Perhaps that 's why it 's fascinating to watch the rise of India 's Narendra Modi , the man many believe will be India 's next Prime Minister . Modi 's sales pitch is simple : he gets things done . For Indians , it 's a seductive notion : Can India be like China ? There is no doubt that India has room to improve . Consider productivity : India 's ranks 60th in the world on the World Economic Forum 's ranking of countries by competitiveness  China is 29th  . Or consider ease of doing business : the World Bank ranks India 134th in the world . If you want to start a business , the World Bank says India ranks 179th in the world -- in other words , go ahead and explore opportunities in 178 other countries before you settle on India . It 's as good as putting a "  closed " sign on the shop door . For businesses in India and beyond , Modi represents an end to red tape . India 's financial markets are salivating at the prospect of his leadership -- stocks are up 20 % since his candidacy was announced last September . If you speak to voters in his home state of Gujarat -- which has flourished with Chinese levels of growth under his leadership in the last decade -- Modi represents the joys of getting rich . Sounds familiar ? That 's because it evokes Deng Xiaoping , the Chinese premier who kick-started national reforms and an unprecedented period of growth . It 's not just Deng . Modi has been compared to a number of world leaders . Some say he would be like Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's visionary leader .  Note that implicit in these comparisons is the understanding that Modi could tend toward being authoritarian  . Others say the best person to compare Modi to is U.S. President Ronald Reagan -- because both were outsiders resented by traditional elites . Still others insist the best analogy is former British PM Margaret Thatcher , because of their shared appetite for privatization and small government . Modi could be any -- or none -- of those leaders . The truth is we just do n't know ; we do n't have enough information about his track record , and how it could translate across India . But the larger point is that this is not just about Modi , it 's about India . The Carnegie Endowment 's Milan Vaishnav rightly points out that even the most reform-minded prime minister would face many hurdles . Among them , Vaishnav cites a J.P. Morgan study of 50 of the central government 's stalled investment projects : 40 of them fell through because of state , and not central , red tape . Constitutionally , there 's little a prime minister can do about that , no matter how reform-minded . Let me use another anecdote to explain the task ahead for the world 's biggest democracy . Indians are infamous for being unpunctual . So , one wonders , is that genetic ? Are Indians inherently prone to being late to meetings ? The answer is no . Take an Indian who is unpunctual , and place him in New York -- he 'll likely be on time for every meeting he schedules . Similarly , a New Yorker would likely become unpunctual in New Delhi . The reason is that punctuality is based on economic incentive -- if everyone is always on time , then it makes sense to make an effort to be on time . It follows then , punctuality is based on inertia . If everyone 's doing it , it 's in your best interest to follow suit . In a free democracy like India , progress is based on inertia , too . Everyone needs to push at the same time . Indians can dream to have cities like Singapore , Hong Kong or Beijing . But to do so they will need more than just one reform-minded leader . They will need change from the bottom up . For better or worse , such is the nature of India 's secular , constitutional democracy . India can certainly learn from China . But to do that , it does n't have to become China . In the next few weeks and months , that is the issue Indians will be debating .	Ravi Agrawal : India 's business culture could profit from being more like China 's He says many in India hope winner of the election will introduce more efficiency While new leadership can focus on economy , it 's not so easy to reshape a nation , he says Agrawal : For real change , the impetus has to come up from the bottom up
CNN  -- Entering this season Petra Kvitova had reached the quarterfinals at every grand slam except for the U.S. Open . She memorably won Wimbledon in 2011 to open her account at majors , sweeping past Maria Sharapova in the final , and achieved semifinals at the Australian Open and French Open last year . Her drought , however , in New York persists after the Czech managed just three games in the third round against little-known American Alison Riske and exited 6-3 6-0 . The outcome was better for another Wimbledon champion , Rafael Nadal , who cruised in straight sets against Ivan Dodig . Kvitova has found it difficult playing in hot and humid conditions in the U.S. in the past because she suffers from asthma and this week the lefty revealed she had been battling a virus and fever . Following a close first set , Kvitova claimed a mere 15 points in the second . "  My body would n't let me fight , " Kvitova told reporters . Riske , ranked at a career-best 81st , reached the fourth round at a grand slam for the first time , much to the delight of her home crowd . Her best results previously had come on grass , advancing to the semifinals at a tour event in Birmingham , England in 2010 and 2013 -- both times as a qualifier . But she was in good form ahead of the meeting with Kvitova , upsetting former Wimbledon semifinalist Tsvetana Pironkova in the first round and German Mona Barthel in the second . Christina McHale almost joined her compatriot Riske in the fourth round , serving for the match against former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic . But Ivanovic broke back and prevailed 4-6 7-5 6-4 . Second-seed Victoria Azarenka dropped the first set to France 's Alize Cornet in a tiebreak before going through 6-7 6-3 6-2 . Simona Halep , whose four titles in 2013 place her second behind only Serena Williams on the WTA tour , produced the most emphatic score in the women 's draw Saturday when she thumped former top-10 player Maria Kirilenko 6-1 6-0 in under an hour . Kirilenko was n't only disappointed with her performance -- she did n't like having to provide a sample to drug testers post match . "  I just can  laugh  about my game today ! " Kirilenko , engaged to National Hockey League superstar Alex Ovechkin , began on Twitter . "  Going to the doping control , maybe I have something after a 0-6 ! Haha sick of it !!! 1000 times doping doping . " Nadal lost on hard courts to the big-serving Dodig in Canada two years ago but was n't broken in his 6-4 6-3 6-3 win Saturday . In remaining unbeaten on hard courts in 2013 , he moved closer to a potential quarterfinal showdown with Roger Federer . Nada 's fellow Spaniard , David Ferrer , was slumping before the U.S. Open but the tenacious fourth seed progressed to the fourth round after a four-set win over Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan .	Petra Kvitova , the 2011 Wimbledon champion , won three games in the third round Kvitova has been suffering from a virus and said her body would n't let her "  fight " Ana Ivanovic rallied from a set down to beat young American Christina McHale Men 's favorite Rafael Nadal wins in straight sets to reach the men 's fourth round
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Armed men in trucks with anti-aircraft guns mounted on them occupied the Libyan Justice Ministry in Tripoli on Tuesday , forcing ministry staff to leave , Justice Minister Salah al-Marghani said . The militants consisted of 20 to 30 armed men in military fatigues , according to al-Marghani , who said he tried to talk to the men before fleeing . This comes as the nation 's Foreign Ministry remains under siege for a third straight day . The armed protesters have said their main goal was to push the General National Congress to pass a proposed law that would ban Gadhafi-era officials from holding government posts . The political isolation law proposal has been a matter of contention among lawmakers for several months because it could push current senior officials out of office for serving under the former regime . Watchdog groups have been calling on Libyan authorities to rein in armed groups that they say continue to threaten the country 's future . "  Unlawful armed groups that show up with heavy weapons and block access to government institutions , demanding grievance , crosses the line of peaceful protest ; it is intimidating and threatening and there should be accountability for these actions " Hanan Salah , the Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch , told CNN on Sunday . In recent months , Libyans have resorted to armed protests in the capital . In some cases , protesters surrounded government offices , and sessions of the country 's legislature have been interrupted by armed groups that stormed its meetings . Last month , armed protesters besieged the General National Congress for several hours in an attempt to force its members to pass the political isolation law . Gunmen later opened fire on the vehicle of the parliament speaker , who escaped unharmed . Eighteen months after the fall of the regime , Libya remains awash in weapons and militias that the government has been struggling to control to secure the country . READ MORE : Libya 's foreign ministry cut off by men wielding anti-aircraft guns , official says READ MORE : Why have we forgotten about Libya ?	The militants want senior government positions to be cleansed of Gadhafi loyalists They have anti-aircraft guns mounted on their trucks , officials say No violence was reported in the latest in a string of armed protests The nation 's Foreign Ministry remains under siege for a third straight day
Britain will launch the world 's first spaceport outside the U.S. , with first space tourists blasting off from the UK as early as 2018 . The details were revealed Tuesday at the Farnborough Air Show in Hampshire , England . The UK government outlined eight possible locations of the port -- one in Wales , one in England and six in Scotland , despite the independence referendum which Scotland holds in September . "  Space is big business for the UK . It already contributes $ 19 billion  # 11.3 bn  to the economy each year , supporting nearly 35,000 jobs , " UK Business Secretary Vince Cable said . Until now , the UK had limited its involvements in space programs , launching rockets from Australia rather than constructing its own facility . The UK government has expressed the ambitious target of capturing 10 % of the global space sector , quadrupling the value of the nation 's industry to $ 68 billion a year . "  We have worked out the regulatory regime we need to launch spaceships in Britain and assessed what kind of aviation checks will have to be imposed when we put craft into space , " said the UK 's science minister David Willetts . "  We have now created a shortlist of locations for the first British spaceport . " He added : "  My benchmark is to ensure the UK space sector is growing faster than the Chinese economy " . The news is a reflection of growth and confidence in British space companies . One such group , Reaction Engines , recently announced a revolutionary new design for a pilotless reusable spacecraft , and intends for this to take off and land like planes , offering an indication of the consumer experience as and when plans come to fruition . Alan Bond , director of Reaction Engines and inventor of the new craft , told CNN that the spaceport marked the culmination of long term investment . "  If you look at total activity on space science , Britain could be world number one - even ahead of the Americans . Pro-rata , we have spent as much as anyone else on opening up space exploration , but the big bit missing was the enabling technology to conduct launches ourselves . " "  Now we 're seeing the government say ` we want to grow these areas ' . We have well-funded programs up to 2017 and beyond , it 's a significant long term commitment . " In addition , international leaders in space tourism Virgin Galactic and XCOR would also be expected to make use of the new base , with Richard Branson having expressed interest in a UK site . The growing competition and infrastructure should see the price of a trip to space decline sharply from the current $ 204,000 quoted by Virgin Galactic , with flights to launch from New Mexico later this year . Prices could fall by as much as 80 % ahead of the 2018 launch of the UK spaceport , according to the Space Innovation and Growth Strategy board . The UK 's announcement could spark a competitive rush as rivals stake claims for a piece of the new sector . Consumers look set to be the winners as the one-time dream of space travel for all becomes an ever more accessible reality .	Britain is leading the space race with world 's first non-American spaceport New venture provokes interest of space tourism giants Virgin Galactic and XCOR Space travel looks to be an increasingly attainable dream for consumers as prices look to fall
CNN  -- U.S. presidents should not be sworn into office with their hand on a Bible . At Monday 's inauguration of his second term , President Barack Obama will raise his right hand and place his left on not one , but two Bibles : One owned by Abraham Lincoln and the other by Martin Luther King Jr. . The Constitution requires he give this oath of office : "  I do solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States . " You might recall that at his 2009 inauguration , President-elect Obama and Chief Justice John Roberts played some kind of "  mad libs " with this oath during the swearing-in ceremony , muddling it so badly that they had to redo it a few days later . But why does the president swear on a Bible ? Why does n't he place his hand on the U.S. Constitution -- the very document he 's promising to "  preserve , protect and defend " ? Opinion : Learning from Lincoln , Wilson , FDR The Constitution does not require that the president take the oath of office by swearing on a Bible . That would have been a very simple requirement for the constitutional drafters to include . To the contrary , the Founders wanted to ensure that Americans of any faith -- or no faith -- could hold federal office . They set it forth plainly in Article VI : " ... No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . " Placing a hand on a Bible while reciting the presidential oath is simply a tradition started by George Washington . Indeed , two presidents , Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams , did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies . Although Roosevelt 's reasons are unclear , John Quincy Adams ' reasons could not be more plain . Adams , the son of President John Adams , was a religious man . But he chose to be sworn in with his hand on a book of U.S. laws . He wanted to demonstrate that he recognized a barrier between church and state and that his loyalty was to our nation 's laws above all else . Adams also refused to campaign for the presidency because he believed it was beneath the dignity of the office to make promises that might not be kept . Clearly , Adams was not a man who acted because of tradition alone . He had to truly believe in what he did . Opinion : Why ` Hail to the Chief ' remains unsung Some will argue that swearing on the Bible ensures the president adheres to his oath . But let 's be honest : We have seen presidents and other elected officials swear to uphold the laws of our country with their hands on a Bible and go on to break many laws and ethical rules . It comes down to the person 's moral code , not a 30-second oath . And just so it 's clear , my objection is not only to the Bible . I would hold the identical view if it were the Quran , the Book of Mormon or any other religious scripture . The Founding Fathers made it clear that the U.S. Constitution , " ... shall be the supreme law of the land . " It is the living legacy they bestowed upon us . It is the framework for our government . And as such , that 's the document our president should place his hand on . It should be clear to all that the president views the Constitution as our nation 's genesis . Editor 's note : Join Dean Obeidallah for a live discussion from 1:30 to 2:30 p.m. ET Thursday about taking the oath of office on a Bible . He will respond to your thoughts in the comments section below . Have questions for him ? Ask in advance by posting a comment . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : President Obama will take presidential oath with his left hand on two Bibles Obeidallah : Presidents swear to uphold the Constitution , so why not use that document ? The Constitution does n't mention a Bible , he says , and two presidents did n't use one Obeidallah : John Quincy Adams swore on a book of laws , emphasizing his first loyalty
CNN  -- Former NFL star Darren Sharper has been fired by the NFL Network , the channel 's vice president of communications told CNN . Sharper had been suspended without pay after being accused of rape . He turned himself in to police in Los Angeles on Thursday . Sharper is wanted in New Orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . The Orleans Parish district attorney 's office in Louisiana said Sharper , 38 , and Erik Nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . If convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . The New Orleans charges are in addition to charges Sharper already faces in California .	The NFL Network has terminated its contact with Sharper Sharper turned himself in to police amid fresh rape charges The former NFL star faces two counts of aggravated rape in New Orleans
CNN  -- The newest version of Windows is getting some changes . Among them ? A little dose of old Windows . Microsoft is making adjustments to its Windows 8 operating system , beginning with the resurrection of the Start button . The changes , announced today at the Microsoft Build developer conference in San Francisco , address some of the complaints leveled at the hybrid tablet and PC operating system that surfaced when it was released late last year . The company also unveiled improvements to its Bing search engine , built-in support for 3-D printers , an updated Xbox Music app , and new tools for developers making WIndows 8 applications . "  The PC , the Windows device of today , does n't look a lot like the PC of 10 years ago or of 15 years ago , " said Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer at a keynote address kicking off the conference . Ballmer outlined some of the new changes to Windows 8.1 , which he described as a "  refined blend . " When the radically different , touchscreen-optimized system came out eight months ago , many Windows users were upset about radical departure from the typical Windows interface , especially the lack of a Start button . The button is back , and now it leads to a list of all your applications . The company announced a few new applications for Windows 8 , including an official Facebook app , Flipboard and NFL Fantasy football . Though there was a brief preview of a new version of PowerPoint for WIndows 8 , the next version of the Microsoft Office suite wo n't be released until 2014 . The speedy Windows 8 update is part of Microsoft 's new approach to releasing fixes and adding features to products . The software and hardware company is now focused on a "  rapid release " cycle , which will let it roll out changes to software in a matter of months instead of years . It has already released a number of changes to Windows 8 , but this version is the biggest overhaul so far . A free preview version of the Windows 8.1 update for developers is available to anyone interested in installing it . The version for regular consumers will come out later this year . Other changes include the ability to boot directly into the desktop , more flexibility with the tiles on the Start screen , support for high-resolution displays , and greater Bing integration . "  Search is not just a list of links , it 's things you can do , " said Julie Larson-Green , corporate vice president of Windows , who demonstrated some new Bing features . Developers can now tap into Bing , which has opened up access to its 3-D maps , entities and knowledge database , and natural user interfaces . The big Xbox Music update is a radio feature that builds a station for listeners based on a song , much like Pandora . As part of a feature coming later this year , people will be able to automatically create Xbox Music playlists based on Web pages , like a Pitchfork list of top songs of the year . Microsoft also highlighted a few of the of the 3,000 Windows 8 certified tablets , PCs and hybrids , including an 18-inch Dell tablet . It highlighted more touchscreen devices , "  workhorse " 2-in-1 tablets and smaller tablets . "  We 're going to see a proliferation of Windows 8 small tablet devices over the next few months , " said Ballmer . Microsoft 's own entry in to the hardware world was n't forgotten . After some scripted banter about how much they loved their own Surface tablets , presenters announced that developers attending the conference would all receive free Surface Pros . Attendees will also get Acer Iconia W3 tablets .	Microsoft previewed the latest changes to its Windows 8.1 operating system The company is updating its Xbox Music app to add Pandora-type features Support for 3-D printers is now built into the operating system A free preview version of WIndows 8.1 is available to everyone now
CNN  -- Judging solely by the headlines , one might conclude that China 's economy is finally starting to hit a wall . After several decades of near double-digit annual growth , gross domestic product rose by a relatively cool 7.5 % in this year 's first half . Property prices are down . So is investment in factory capacity and real estate . But companies that interpret slower GDP growth to mean that business opportunities in China and other emerging markets will begin to fade are making a serious mistake . The consumer class is still growing rapidly in key emerging markets , and the competition from savvy , extremely capable domestic companies is intensifying . In China 's case , the lower GDP growth rate actually reflects an important structural shift in the economy -- from growth that is driven by extraordinarily high fixed investment fueled by loans from government-owned banks to growth that is driven by private consumption . This transition has been a top goal of the Chinese leadership as it seeks more balanced and sustainable economic growth . China illustrates an important phenomenon found in many emerging markets . What many gloomy economic reports miss is that private consumption continues to rise . This is fueled by steady , rapid growth in the country 's middle-class and affluent households , which in China we at The Boston Consulting Group  BCG  regard as having annual disposable incomes of at least $ 12,500 . Since 2010 , people living in middle-class and affluent households surged from 10 % of China 's population to 25 % . In just another three years , this share is projected to leap to 35 % , according to BCG analysis . Some of the sharpest consumption growth in China is occurring among the upper middle class , which we classify as households with annual disposable household incomes of $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 . The population in this income segment has been has been rising 12 % annually . Astonishingly , Chinese upper middle class are projected to account for 5 % of global consumption by 2020 . These consumers are the sweet spot for many international companies because they tend to sharply accelerate their consumption in such product categories as automobiles , premium personal-care products , fresh foods , financial services , and travel . While companies like the e-commerce giant Alibaba generate the most buzz , it is only one of many innovative companies prospering from the rapid growth of China 's middle class . At BCG , we have been tracking a particularly impressive group of hard-charging competitors that we refer to as "  local dynamos " -- emerging market-based companies that are staying home and conquering their domestic markets . The dynamos move at breathtaking speed , have formidable business models for catering to local consumers , are highly adaptable and are remarkably adept at taking advantage of digital technologies . They have averaged compound annual revenue growth of 28 % annually over the past four years , compared with 5 % annual growth among S&P 500 companies . Eleven of the 50 dynamos that we identified globally in a recent report are consumer goods companies -- more than from any other sector . This reflects the opportunities created by surging consumption in emerging markets . Ten of the 50 are based in China . They span sectors from banking and food retailing to consumer electronics . Home Inns & Hotels Management illustrates how Chinese dynamos can operate successfully while moving at warp speed . Home Inns saw a huge opportunity in the underserved and highly fragmented market for budget hotels . From 2008 to 2013 , it increased its number of hotels from 500 to more than 2,000 , in part through an aggressive strategy of franchising . It also boosted the number of cities served from fewer than 100 to 300 . With revenues of $ 1 billion in 2013 , Home Inns controls nearly 25 % of China 's branded economy-hotel segment . Xiaomi , another dynamo , demonstrates the digital prowess of China 's new breed of consumer-product companies . Xiaomi relies entirely on e-commerce to sell its affordable smart phones , which are priced at between $ 100 and $ 300 . To reach China 's Internet-crazed youth , Xiaomi uses a variety of popular social media to extensively market its products and solicit customer feedback , which it incorporates when designing and improving its devices . After just three years in operation , Xiaomi reached $ 5 billion in revenue in 2013 and sold more smartphones in China -- nearly 19 million -- than Apple . Xiaomi passed Samsung in the second quarter of 2014 as China 's top smartphone brand . Even if companies have little interest in the China market , the local dynamos should be on their radar because they are potential future global competitors . A number of companies on BCG 's 2014 list of "  global challengers " -- fast-growing companies based in emerging markets that are becoming global leaders or have the potential to do so -- have followed the path of leveraging their dominance in domestic markets to go global . Twenty-nine of the 100 challengers on the 2014 list are Chinese , including appliance maker Haeir Group , automaker Geely International , and medical device producer Mindray Medical International . Prominent examples from other emerging markets are Chilean wine maker Concho y Toro , Chinese appliance marker Haier Group , Mexican cellular phone giant America Movil , Philippines fast-food conglomerate Jolibee , and Indian vehicle companies Bajaj Auto and Mehindra & Mehindra . Whether one sees China and other emerging markets as the world 's biggest growth opportunities -- or as the source of potential threat -- do n't let slower GDP statistics distract you into pulling back . The battle for a share of the growing consumer class is underway now and will grow more fierce . Read this : The 10 hottest startups in Asia Read this : Want to get rich ? Move here ! More from Virtual Think Tank The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Walters .	Jeff Walters : Consumer class still growing rapidly in key emerging markets Gloomy economic reports miss that private consumption continues to rise Many innovative companies prosper from rapid growth of China 's middle class
CNN  -- Bon Temps is out of time . Of course , in many ways , the strange Louisiana hamlet of HBO 's "  True Blood " has been for ages . It 's an old , ghostly community removed from nearby Shreveport by murky woods and two-lane blacktop , a world away from more earthly concerns .  HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . But now it 's really out of time . The seventh and final season of the vampire drama begins Sunday night . "  True Blood " started with the conceit that vampires already lived among us , but they 'd kept their existence secret until a product called TruBlood -- an artificial plasma -- allowed them to "  come out of the coffin . " Waitress Sookie Stackhouse  Anna Paquin  , a telepath , falls in love with vampire Bill Compton  Stephen Moyer  , and suddenly humans and vampires find out a lot more about each other . Creator Alan Ball was attracted to the material , based on Charlaine Harris ' series of novels , because of the issues that could be explored through the different types of beings . "  The books are so rich , and  Harris  opens so many doors , " he told CNN in 2008 , just prior to the show 's premiere . "  If it 's just a story device with fangs , I 'm not that interested . " He turned over the production reins after the fifth season . Mark Hudis handled a chunk of season six and then was replaced by Brian Buckner . Over the years , the show grew incredibly complex . Shape-shifters , werewolves and other supernatural visitors showed up in Bon Temps . The series branched out to peripheral characters who appeared and disappeared with little explanation . The community divided into factions pitting the undead against the humans -- and against one another . The sex was graphic ; so was the violence . Now that the show 's conclusion beckons , here are a few items to watch for : 1 . Concentration . Buckner told TV Guide that a lot of story branches have been sawed off . "  The hope is ... that by putting all of our characters essentially into one story , now it 's Bon Temps vs. the world , the characters people love will get more screen time because these stories do n't have separate demands , " he said . "  We just get to tell a simpler story and then experience them through our characters . " 2 . The future of Hepatitis V . The virus that infected TruBlood -- and got into the vampires ' systems -- had no cure at the end of season six . Will a solution be found , or will it devastate the community ? Vampires want more blood -- or they 'll die . That ca n't be good for anybody . 3 . Do n't mess with Bill -- or Eric . Compton 's transformation into Billith took off in the sixth season -- but where do you go after you partake of the vampire god 's blood ? In Compton 's case , you lose much of your power . On the other hand , he could use a little more compassion . As for Eric Northman  Alexander Skarsgard  , the old vampire sheriff may not be completely dead , Buckner said . "  We 've obviously promised a ` Where is Eric ? ' story and it would feel incredibly cheap to deliver the goods right away , " he told TV Guide . "  We sent Pam  Kristin Bauer van Straten  off in search of him and if she were to find him right away , we would be doing a disservice to ourselves and to the audience . " But will he appear nude again ? Skarsgard does n't mind . "  He 's Swedish , " Buckner told TV Guide . "  There was no discussion whatsoever . " 4 . The coming of war . Louisiana 's now very ex-governor , Truman Burrell  Arliss Howard  , was no friend to the vampires .  In fact , you might say he lost his head over the situation .  But the anger he felt is shared by many fearful humans . There are many who would just as soon see the vampires return to the underground -- or be vanquished completely . 5 . The role of Sam . Bar owner Sam Merlotte  Sam Trammell  may have given up his restaurant , but he 's now mayor of Bon Temps -- and he 's making a play for Sookie , too . Author Harris paired the two in a book , and it did n't go over well with fans , but on TV the story could be different . Either way , in real life Paquin is still firmly paired up with Moyer -- they 've been married for nearly four years . What "  True Blood " development are you looking forward to ?	"  True Blood " begins its seventh and final season Sunday night Hit HBO show has dealt with relationship between humans , vampires and other creatures Final season should wrap up a number of story lines
CNN  -- Paris Saint-Germain and Lyon are seemingly headed in different directions . With millions pumped into the squad by its Qatari owners , PSG ended a 19-year title drought in France last season and looks set to challenge for league honors and on the European front for some time . After winning seven consecutive league titles from 2002-2008 , Lyon , meanwhile , is now finding it difficult to break into the top two . It also crashed out in Champions League qualifying this week having been a fixture in Europe 's most prestigious club tournament for years . And on Saturday , while Lyon fell 2-1 at Evian to suffer a fourth straight defeat in all competitions , PSG scored twice in injury time to see off a spirited Guingamp and move a point behind idle league leader Marseille . Just when it appeared as if newly promoted Guingamp would snatch a point in Paris , substitute Adrien Rabiot pounced on a rebound when keeper Mamadou Samassa could n't hold on to Alex 's header . Zlatan Ibrahimovic doubled the advantage for his first league goal this term to give Laurent Blanc 's men two wins and two draws from four outings . The host was full value for all three points , hitting the post , crossbar and dominating possession . Guingamp 's only shot on target , though , was a good one . Salvatore Sirigu stopped Mustapha Yatabare on a one-on-one approaching the 80th minute . Two first-half goals from Kevin Berigaud were enough for Evian to see off Lyon , which again played without influential attacking duo Bafetimbi Gomis and Jimmy Briand -- Lyon wants to sell both players . There was more misery for Lyon when star midfielder Yoann Gourcuff left the game with a leg injury before halftime . "  A lot of disappointment with this loss and this bad start to the game , " Lyon midfielder Fares Bahlouli told the club website . "  It 's becoming a habit . " Marseille and Monaco , along with PSG the only other unbeaten teams in Ligue 1 , face off Sunday . Rampant Juventus In Italy , defending Serie A champion Juventus thumped Lazio for the second time this season , winning 4-1 in Turin . Arturo Vidal scored twice and Carlos Tevez continued to find the back of the net since his move from Manchester City , getting Juventus ' final goal in the 80th minute . Lazio , routed by Juventus 4-0 in the Italian Super Cup , had midfielder Hernanes sent off in the 63rd minute for a handball offense , although Juventus was already leading 3-1 . Juventus and Napoli each have the maximum six points through two games in Serie A.	Two goals in injury time gave Paris Saint-Germain a 2-0 win over Guingamp in Ligue 1 After drawing its opening two league games , the French champion has won two straight Knocked out in Champions League qualifying , Lyon 's woes continued with a loss at Evian Juventus again scores four goals against Lazio , prevailing 4-1 in Serie A
As politicians , pundits and the American people are focused on the escalating national crisis at the Department of Veterans Affairs , one excuse for the VA 's woes keeps surfacing . Money . The VA , some say , needs more money to do its job and care for veterans properly . But looking at the facts , that math just does not add up . Since 2009 , Congress has given Secretary Eric Shinseki every penny he has said he needed to fund the VA fully , resulting in an astonishing 50 % increase in the agency 's overall budget at a time when budgets everywhere else across the federal government have been squeezed , strained and slashed . Congress even exempted the VA from sequestration , a win that not even the Pentagon managed to score while still engaged in a war overseas . Congress also agreed to take the extraordinary step of giving the VA the annual funding it needs to cover veterans ' health care a year in advance so that the agency 's hospitals and clinics never run out of money . It is the reason the VA 's health care system continued to operate without interruption during last fall 's government shutdown , even as parks , federal buildings and congressional offices were forced to close or curtail operations for weeks . A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers in both the House and the Senate , with the strong support of virtually all veteran and military service organizations , has pushed for years to give the VA the rest of its budget a year in advance , too , but the secretary and the Obama administration thus far have refused to endorse publicly the wisdom of protecting the entire VA budget with an advance appropriation . Our gut reaction to contemporary social and bureaucratic challenges may be to throw more money at the problem or to blame Congress , but this is one situation in which such simple excuses fall far short . A lack of resources within the VA is not to blame for the failures of that department , and even if it were , the responsibility for that underfunding would lay solely at the feet of the secretary due to his inadequate budget requests , not with Congress . Far from being underfunded , the VA is facing woes that are clearly due to a failure of planning and leadership . The VA knew or should have known that demand for its services would swell as more troops survived the wars with more severe and chronic injuries , especially mental injuries . And with troop surges and drawdowns debated and planned well in advance , corresponding future demands on the VA system could -- and should -- have been anticipated . Since reports first emerged of veteran deaths during long waits and alleged mismanagement in Phoenix , there continues to be a profound and worrisome lack of thoughtful and proactive leadership coming out of the VA. . Instead , the VA has been addressing problems in a predictable manner , first denying their existence , then downplaying the scale , then hunkering down in crisis mode and finally -- and belatedly -- coming forward with a tepid and weak public response . The passive , insular and arms-length management style has proven ill-suited for staying ahead of the pervasive problems of the nation 's second-largest bureaucracy . But more importantly , the fear is that such detached leadership from the top may have caused the VA 's bureaucratic and administrative pathologies to metastasize . Our nation made a promise to the men and women who served this nation . Tragically , the VA is falling short of this fulfilling this promise . This time , however , we can not simply spend our way out of accountability and responsibility . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Nicholson says Department of Veterans Affairs has more than enough money The VA hospitals are funded a year in advance , so they never run out of money , he says Nicholson : The problem has been in a failure of leadership and planning
London  CNN  -- Whether or not the British parliament decides to subject the proposed takeover of UK-based AstraZeneca by American pharmaceutical giant Pfizer to a public interest test , it 's clear we have already seen much more political intervention than is typically involved in an acquisition of one company by another . The chief executives of both companies are being hauled in front of not one , but two parliamentary committees this week to give evidence about the possible implications of a deal , when an offer has n't even been accepted yet . Pfizer 's pursuit of AstraZeneca has stirred up a wealth of protectionist feeling in Britain , despite the fact the company was originally created from a merger with Sweden 's Astra and has the bulk of its employees outside of the UK . The reaction to Pfizer 's bid raises the question of what nationality really means for modern multinationals . Over 50 % of shares on the UK stock market are owned by investors from the rest of the world and many of the companies have employees and customers on several continents . They make their investment decisions based on a range of commercial and reputational factors , with nationalism way down the list . When companies choose to locate their operations in the UK , they do so because it is an attractive place to do business . The UK accounts for 10 % of world 's pharmaceutical research and development spending and AstraZeneca says it supports more than 33,000 jobs . Companies have chosen to conduct their R&D here in part because of the strength of Britain 's universities and a positive tax system , including the "  patent box " which incentivizes businesses to invest in research . Government has a significant role to play in promoting life sciences , and creating a stable tax and regulatory regime , but ultimately it will always be up to companies to make those investment decisions . Many have argued that the government should be doing all it can to protect these R&D jobs , but that displays a degree of wishful thinking about the state 's ability to pick winners . British politicians have a poor record in this area , as shown notably with British Leyland in the 1970s and 80s . Some have argued that , while not intervening in the running of companies , the government should require firmer commitments to retain research facilities and employees . The memory of the Kraft takeover over Cadbury , which saw significant lay-offs soon after the takeover , is fresh in the memory . The Shadow Secretary of State for Business , Chuka Umunna , is right to argue that there are no assurances that a company could give that they would be able to preserve jobs forever after a takeover , but it does n't follow that we should demand ever more promises . The merged company , large as it would be , would still be subject to commercial pressures , and forced to adapt as necessary to an ever-changing world . The very impossibility of cast-iron guarantees should convince us that politician intervention is at best futile , and at worst risks undermining the UK as a destination for investment . This may have been an unusually large reaction , but foreign companies looking at Britain may be entitled to think that being the subject of a parliamentary debate and receiving a grilling from two select committees are not the hallmarks of an economy which allows firms to conduct their lawful business as they think best . None of this , of course , is an argument in favor of the takeover . There may even be good reasons to think that the tax benefits for Pfizer give the whole thing a fishy smell . But the people to decide this are the board and the shareholders . This is n't about making a quick buck from the sale . Under the UK Corporate Governance Code , the company 's directors are explicitly required to deliver success over the long-term . The board of AstraZeneca must consider a range of stakeholders , including employees and the scientific community . If it continues to feel that it has a stronger future as an independent company , as it did when it rejected the recent bid , then the board should continue to advise shareholders to ignore Pfizer 's advances . Ultimately , the decision is in the hands of shareholders . They must consider carefully whether even an increased offer should make them sell up -- after all , any deal would involve part payment in shares of the combined company , not something you want to hold if you think it 's a bad deal . READ MORE : Pfizer seeks to save AstraZeneca bid READ MORE : Wall Street 's addiction to healthcare mergers The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Roger Barker	Institute of Director 's Roger Barker says the Pfizer bid for Astrazeneca has prompted significant political intervention He said Pfizer 's pursuit of Astrazeneca has stirred up a wealth of protectionism , even if it 's a global company Ultimately the decision is in the hands of the shareholders who must consider the deal carefully
CNN  -- Swimming legend Michael Phelps struggled in his attempt to adapt to the old-style racing suits at the World Cup short-course event in Sweden on Tuesday . The 14-time Olympic gold medal winner qualified for finals in only one of three events in Stockholm , his best result being seventh of eight to go through in the men 's 100 meter medley . Racing for the first time since winning five golds and a silver at the world championships in July , the American missed out on the 100m freestyle after qualifying in 16th of 23 competitors . His time of 47.77 seconds was 1.84 seconds slower than the leading mark set by Sweden 's Stefan Nystrand . The 24-year-old , who was disqualified in the 100m backstroke , set a time of 53.13 seconds in the medley . The fastest man , South African Darian Townsend , came home in 52.48 . Phelps was one of the few swimmers to revert to the old-style suits , which will become mandatory after January 1 as world ruling body FINA seeks to rein in the high-tech costumes which have sent records tumbling at an incredible rate in the past two years . He will swim in the 100m butterfly and 200m medley heats on Wednesday , and then head to the next leg of the World Cup in Berlin at the weekend . In Stockholm on Tuesday , Chinese swimmer Jing Zhao set a new world record in the heats of the women 's 50m backstroke , clocking 26.08 seconds . She beat the mark of 26.17 posted by Australia 's Marieke Guehrer in the previous meet of the series in Moscow on November 6 . In the men 's 50m butterfly , South Africa 's Roland Schoeman was first in a new World Cup record of 22.29 .	Swimming star Michael Phelps struggles in old-style racing suits at World Cup short-course event The 14-time Olympic gold medal winner missed out on two of three finals in Stockholm He was one of the few to wear an old-style suit , which will be mandatory next year Phelps has two more events on Wednesday before heading to the next leg in Berlin
Washington  CNN  -- The women talked about it at the gym , caring for their children , over drinks and dinner and in the hallways of Congress . More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were gone , kidnapped from their beds by an armed terrorist group , Boko Haram , who vowed to sell them into forced child marriages -- all because the young women had dared to seek an education . So , just a few days before Mother 's Day , every single woman lawmaker in Congress signed letters urging President Barack Obama to push the U.N. Security Council to add Boko Haram to the al Qaeda Sanctions List . It was a move Rep. Ann Wagner , a Missouri Republican , said would send "  a strong message to the administration and the U.N. " The sanctions would require all member nations to freeze the assets of those affiliated with Boko Haram , an Islamic militant group , and prevent travel through their borders . "  We are mothers , sisters and daughters and we were all feeling helpless and wanted to do something , " said Rep. Ann Kuster , a New Hampshire Democrat . She worked across the aisle with Wagner over the course of two days last week to get the 79 women in the House to sign the letter . "  It 's not that we 're going to do this without men , but we are going to speak up and not be silenced , " Kuster said . They were inspired by the example set earlier that week by Sen. Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , and Sen. Barbara Mikulski , a Maryland Democrat , two veteran lawmakers who got the 20 women in their chamber to sign a similar letter . The message , the women said , was to give voice to the voiceless . And , as female lawmakers , they say their perspective lends a different take on this and other policy issues . "  Symbolically , it is very important that all the women in the House and Senate came together to get the U.S. government to push the U.N. Council on the sanction issue , " said Jennifer Lawless , director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University . "  It 's hard to come up with a better mix to push this forward . It highlights issues that cut across party lines that affect women and girls . " We will not be silenced Their election to Congress in 2012 , with a historic number of women elected to the Senate , made them the largest class of female lawmakers to ever walk the halls of the Hill . Ever since then , the 99 women of the 113th Congress have pushed for changes that political experts say have had an impact both in terms of perception and policy on women and girls . The list of key initiatives is long . • Female lawmakers , such as Wagner , have bills poised to come to the floor next week designed to end what the United Nations estimates is the $ 9.5 billion human trafficking industry in the United States and also are working on measures aimed at addressing campus sexual assaults . • Mikulski sponsored a paycheck fairness measure in the Senate and when it was blocked last month by Republicans , she lashed out at those who say women are "  too emotional when we talk . " • Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a New York Democrat , and Rep. Marsha Blackburn , a Tennessee Republican , have a measure that would create a bipartisan commission to study using private funds to create a National Women 's History Museum in Washington . • The women of the Black Congressional Caucus recently pressured the Pentagon to re-examine grooming rules they felt were discriminatory to female troops of color . • Women in both chambers last year helped lead the fight to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act and ensured that language expanded protections to immigrants , Native Americans , gays , lesbians , and transgender individuals . • That same year , Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California and more than a dozen other Democrats put forth a House resolution asking Congress to recognize the disproportionate impact of climate change on women and children in poor nations . • Democratic Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York and Claire McCaskill of Missouri worked for most of 2013 on competing measures to reform the process for prosecuting military sex assaults . Though headlines tended to focus on fractures within the Senate women 's caucus over the two competing measures , the very fact that the two lawmakers were able to raise the profile of the issue is noteworthy , Lawless said . Political fight over military sex assaults divides women senators • And it was the actions of women , in particular Collins and Sen. Patty Murray , Washington Democrat , as a chief budget negotiator , that helped end last year 's government shutdown and helped craft a debt deal . Breaking bread and stalemates Collins said she remembered sitting in her office one Saturday watching C-SPAN in disgust as lawmakers bickered over the details of a spending plan and whether that plan should , as some in the GOP wanted , defund or whittle away at Obamacare . She pounded out a three-point plan to end the shutdown and went to the Senate floor to plead with fellow lawmakers to let go of partisanship and start negotiating . When she left the floor , her cell phone rang . It was Sen. Lisa Murkowski , an Alaska Republican , offering to help . When the phone rang again , it was Sen. Kelly Ayotte , a New Hampshire Republican . Part of that plan would help form the framework that ended the government shutdown . "  There have been definite strides and we 're pleased at seeing progress , " said Linda Young , president of the National Women 's Political Caucus , a nonprofit group which seeks to improve female participation in politics . "  When there are more women at the decision-making table there is a different perspective expressed . " At a gathering hosted by Senate women every six weeks , Mikulski has three rules : no staff , no press and no leaks . The get-togethers , which are often held at a lawmaker 's home , are a time for the women to bond outside of the halls of Congress and get to know one another on a personal level . Recently , Senator Amy Klobuchar , a Minnesota Democrat , hosted the women . Over on the House side , the women try to get to know each other on a personal level . "  We 've got our softball team , the gym , we get together for dinner or a cocktail , " Wagner said . "  We talk about our families and who are as wives , daughters and mothers . You have to reach a humanity level to realize that end of the day we need to come together . " All of that bonding might have an effect on policy , according to research by the University of Virginia . "  Based on scoring all lawmaking activities in the House of Representatives , women in the minority party are one third more effective than men in the minority party , " said Craig Volden , a public policy and politics professor at the University of Virginia who , along with his team , examined the sponsorship of bills from 1973 to 2008 . Volden and his team of researchers have also found that female lawmakers tend to sponsor bills on broader range of policy areas than their male counterpart , and that the "  women 's issue " areas tend to face more gridlock than the " ` men 's issue " areas . ` No room for gridlock ' When it comes to the issue of helping rescue the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls , female lawmakers say there is no room for gridlock . "  I knew the 20 women of the Senate , standing united and speaking in unison , were in a position to send a very powerful message , one that not only condemns this crime but that also helps spur action to bring these girls back home safely to their families , " Collins told CNN in a statement . And they will not take "  no " for an answer . "  We may make some additional calls to the White House , " Wagner said . "  Just to make sure they understand our position on this going forward . "	A historic number of women were elected to Congress in 2012 They spoke with one voice decrying the Nigerian schoolgirl kidnappings Their clout is being felt more frequently on hot-button issues Studies find women are more bipartisan , but get more done when in the minority party
CNN  -- Friday morning , many Americans lined up outside their local convenience stores , hoping to pick the lucky numbers that would win the record-setting $ 640 million jackpot offered by Mega Millions . The curious thing about this fervor is not that the odds of winning are 1 in 176 million , but rather that in effect , Americans are anxiously lining up to pay a tax , even if it is wrapped in attractive clothing . While no government actually labels its lottery a tax , the games properly fit the definition of one . After lottery winnings are paid out and administrative costs have been covered , the leftover money is transferred into state coffers to pay for state programs . This is a tax . State governments have developed a strong reliance on these lottery "  profits " over the years . In 2010 , states collected an average of $ 58 per capita in implicit tax revenue from their lottery programs . Delaware , which had the heaviest reliance on lottery revenue , collected a stunning $ 370 per capita . This increasing reliance on lotteries to fund state governments is troubling , as these taxes disproportionately fall on low-income individuals . A slew of studies in the past two decades has found that low-income people spend a greater portion of their income on lottery tickets than do high-income individuals , meaning lotteries are a regressive way to collect tax revenue . Many have argued that while lotteries are indeed taxes , they are not so bad , because people pay them voluntarily . But people only buy government lottery tickets voluntarily because private lotteries are not allowed to operate . State lotteries only pay out an average of 60 % of their gross revenues , a payout vastly inferior to those of slot machines and table games , which offer payouts in many cases above 90 % . People only buy state-run lottery tickets because tickets with better odds are choked out of the market . So while the purchase of the ticket itself is voluntary , the portion of that ticket sale that goes to state revenues is not , much in the same way that a sales tax paid on a book is not voluntarily paid . The curious relationship between state-run lotteries and taxes does not end there though . Even when someone wins the lottery , the winnings are subject to special withholding taxes at the state and federal levels . If someone wins the $ 640 million jackpot , they would be immediately subject to a 25 % federal withholding and state withholding rates as high as 12 % . Their total income tax burden on the winnings might be more depending on how they invest that income and what credits and deductions they take next April . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Drenkard .	The Mega Millions lottery jackpot is at an estimated $ 640 million Scott Drenkard : People are lining up to pay what is , in effect , a tax Lotteries take a disproportionate share of income from the poorest Americans , he says Drenkard says lotteries pay out a lower share of revenues than other forms of gambling
CNN  -- Rocker and avid hunter Ted Nugent has agreed to pay a fine , serve probation and record a public service announcement as part of a deal to plead guilty to transporting an illegally killed black bear in Alaska , according to court documents . The plea deal , filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Anchorage , Alaska , stems from federal allegations that arose during a bear hunt in May 2009 that was filmed for Nugent 's television show , "  Spirit of the Wild , " on the Outdoor Channel . News of the plea deal broke a day after Nugent was questioned and cleared by the Secret Service over comments he made at an annual meeting of the National Rifle Association where he said he would be "  dead or in jail " if President Barack Obama were re-elected . In the plea agreement , Nugent admitted to shooting and killing a bear using a bow and arrow during a hunt on Sukkwan Island in southeast Alaska , just days after he wounded another bear . Alaska limits licensed hunters to the bagging of one bear per hunting season . Under the law , the wounding of a bear counts toward the season 's bag limit . "  Nugent failed to locate and harvest the wounded bear , " the plea agreement said . Where the federal charge against Nugent -- a misdemeanor count of violating the Lacey Act -- comes in to play , according to court documents , is that he left the island by boat with the dead bear and "  knew or should have known , in the exercise of due care , that the black bear was taken , possessed or transported in violation of a law or regulation of the United States . " Neither the federal complaint nor the plea agreement revealed how federal authorities found out about the violation , though scenes from the hunt aired on Nugent 's show . Nugent nor his attorney , Wayne Anthony Ross , immediately responded to a CNN request for comment . News of the plea deal comes as Nugent is promoting another bear hunt , this time in Quebec , Canada , on his web site . As part of the plea deal , Nugent has agreed to pay a $ 10,000 fine , not to hunt or fish within Alaska or on any other U.S. Forest Service lands for one year . The deal also includes two years probation . Additionally , according to the agreement , Nugent agreed to create a public service announcement that promotes the importance of a person 's responsibility in knowing the rules and regulations of their hunting activities . The televised announcement , which must be approved by federal prosecutors in Alaska , must be at least 30 to 60 seconds in length and be broadcast every second week on his television show for one 12-month period , according to the plea agreement . A federal judge still must sign off on the agreement . Under federal sentencing guidelines , the maximum penalty is one year in prison and $ 100,000 fine . Nugent 's attorney told the Anchorage Daily News on Friday that his client , who has previously hunted in the same area , was unaware of the law , which was introduced less than five years ago . He told the newspaper he watched the video clip from Nugent 's show and the arrow "  touched " the bear and stuck in the ground . "  There was n't any blood trail that they could find , " Ross said . "  There was a little blood apparently at the spot , but nothing that indicated the bear was hard hit . " On Thursday , the Secret Service said it resolved questions regarding comments that Nugent , a conservative activist and gun rights advocate , made about President Obama during a speech at an NRA convention in St. Louis , Missouri . Secret Service clears Nugent after interview "  If Barack Obama becomes the president in November again , I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year , " Nugent said , according to a video that the NRA posted on YouTube . "  If you ca n't go home and get everybody in your lives to clean house in this vile , evil , America-hating administration , I do n't even know what you 're made out of . " The video has since been removed . Many have questioned whether Nugent was alluding to violence against the president . Earlier Thursday , Nugent issued a statement confirming his meeting and describing it as a "  good , solid , professional meeting concluding that I have never made any threats of violence towards anyone . The meeting could not have gone better . I thanked them for their service , we shook hands and went about our business . God bless the good federal agents wherever they may be . " Nugent , the self-styled "  Motor City Madman , " gained musical fame in the 1960s as a member of the psychedelic band The Amboy Dukes , then as a solo act in the 1970s and later as a member of the 1980s supergroup Damn Yankees . He is probably best known for the1977 rock anthem , "  Cat Scratch Fever . "	Ted Nugent agrees to plead guilty to a federal misdemeanor count Nugent violated Alaska state law by killing a bear , just days after he wounded another one He was charged with a federal count for transporting the dead bear Nugent agrees to pay a $ 10,000 fine and serve two years probation
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Bone-dry conditions in an area that has not seen a major fire in more than 60 years pushed a Southern California wildfire from 45,000 acres to more than 100,000 acres in a matter of hours Monday , fire officials said . A charred fire truck sits at the bottom of a hill Monday near Acton , California . Two firefighters died in the vehicle . The Station fire , burning in Angeles National Forest north of Los Angeles , has forced thousands of evacuations and threatened thousands of structures -- including major communications installations on Mount Wilson , said Mike Dietrich , the U.S. Forest Service 's incident commander . "  This is a very difficult firefight , " Dietrich said . "  This is a very angry fire that we 're fighting right now . Until we can get a change in weather conditions , I 'm not overly optimist . " Weather forecasts show little change in conditions for the next four to five days . The fire , which has sent plumes of thick smoke spiraling as much as 20,000 feet into the air , is creating its own wind patterns , making it unpredictable , officials said . See images of the wildfire " "  This fire is headed just about anywhere it wants to right now , " said Dietrich , who earlier said the blaze had "  a mind of its own . " Fire officials said Monday they had issued evacuation notices for residents of the 10,000 homes under threat . Nearly 100 homes were added to the notices Monday afternoon . But six people in the evacuation area had refused repeated requests to leave , said Commander David Fender , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department 's incident commander . "  There 's six individuals , they 're up there , they 've been asked to leave three times , " Fender said . "  They refuse to leave . That 's their choice . " Earlier reports indicated the six were trapped at their Gold Canyon ranch and firefighters were unable to reach them , but Fender said he had no indication that was true . "  They 've all shared that they do not want to leave , " he said . The fire claimed the lives of two firefighters Sunday . Capt. Tedmund Hall , 47 , and Specialist Arnaldo Quinones , 35 , were killed when their vehicle went down a steep , 700-foot embankment , Dietrich said . Hall was with the department for 26 years and Quinones for eight years . Watch a fire official give details on the "  tragic " accident " Dietrich said the blaze had destroyed two communications arrays in the area but had not flared up on Mount Wilson , home to 20 television and radio transmission towers , fire and police communications equipment and the Mount Wilson Observatory . That area is under a critical threat and a strike team is in position to protect the observatory . But , Dietrich stressed , "  My No. 1 priority is our firefighters ' safety . " "  If they have to abandon the position , there 's no facility that is worth a human life , " he said . Despite the difficulties , Dietrich told reporters that firefighting teams "  will not rest until it 's out . " And Los Angeles County Fire Department Deputy Chief Mike Bryant noted that "  there have been hundreds of homes saved by firefighters in this effort . " The Station fire was the largest of eight blazes burning across the state on Monday , officials said . Watch iReporters ' footage of the wildfire " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Monday his administration is "  working around the clock to ensure that our brave men and women working on the fires ' front lines have the resources needed to respond and beat back these fires as quickly as possible . "  We have the toughest and best-trained firefighters in the world fighting to protect public safety and property , " Schwarzenegger said . "  I am confident in the state 's response as these fires continue to burn throughout California . " The governor on Monday toured damage left in the wake of the 49 Fire in Placer County , in northern California . As of Monday , the fire had burned 275 acres and was 50 percent contained . On Sunday , the governor expressed his condolences for the loss of the firefighters in the Station fire . Learn more about areas under threat " The Station fire started Wednesday and had destroyed 18 structures by Sunday . At least 10,000 homes , 500 businesses and 2,000 other structures are threatened by the fire , which exploded in size over the weekend , fueled by low humidity and high temperatures . Evacuations have been ordered for an unspecified number of residents . One of them was Elsa Aguirre , 57 , who left her ranch home in Altadena , California , early Saturday . She , her husband and her cat were at a Red Cross shelter in a high school on Monday . Aguirre brought a box of mementos with her , including her mother 's tea set from Argentina . "  The challenge is going to be going back to reality because I 've been looking at the fire and the mountains from where I am , " she said . "  The mountains look pretty spooky right now without any vegetation . ... I 'm just taking it one day at a time . " Watch homeowners discuss fears " Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency Friday as a result of the Station fire . The governor also declared a state of emergency in Monterey County , where one blaze , called the Gloria fire , has burned about 6,500 acres , and another , called the Bryson fire , has charred more than 3,000 acres , according to the Forest Service . On Sunday , Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in Placer County , his office said . Three people suffered burns while in the Big Tujunga Canyon recreational area , where three homes were destroyed by the Station fire , said Bruce Quintelier , fire information officer for the Forest Service . In addition , two to three dozen recreational cabins were destroyed , said Randi Jorgensen , another Forest Service information officer . The fire is also threatening communication towers on Mount Disappointment , Quintelier said . CNN 's Rob Marciano , Chad Myers , John Torigoe and Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire creates own wind patterns , making it unpredictable , officials say Fast-growing wildfire nearly doubles to 164-square-mile conflagration Two firefighters killed battling blaze when vehicle went down steep embankment Six people refuse to evacuate their Gold Canyon ranch
Earlier this year , CNN asked a good friend and business associate of Joseph McStay what he thought happened to the California salesman and his family . How did Charles "  Chase " Merritt think they were killed ? "  I have absolutely no clue , " Merritt told CNN in an exclusive television interview in January . Police believe he does . On Wednesday , they arrested Merritt , 57 . He is charged with four counts of murder in the deaths of McStay , his wife Summer and their two small boys . The family disappeared from their home in northern San Diego County in February 2010 . Their remains were found a year ago , in shallow graves in the Mojave Desert , about 100 miles north of their home . The discovery ended the mystery of what happened to the McStays . But who killed them , and why ? ` Cold and callous ' murders of McStay family solved , authorities say "  If I were to guess , like anyone else , I would think it was probably random because I honestly do n't believe that family had anything to do with it . I do n't think that any of his friends had anything to do with it . Joseph was just too well-liked , " Merritt told CNN in January . Announcing the arrest Friday , authorities in San Bernardino County said they believe the family died of blunt force trauma inside their home , but they declined to discuss specifics of the deaths or a motive . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt told CNN In his interview with Kaye , Merritt said he and McStay were business associates who became friends . Merritt made custom indoor waterfalls and McStay would buy them , he said . They had met in 2007 when McStay needed some help with a water feature . They played paintball together . They had dinner at Merritt 's place a couple times a week , he said . Merritt helped him move . He 'd also spent time with the McStays and gotten to know the family , he said . Merritt and McStay met for a business lunch in Rancho Cucamonga the day the family disappeared . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt said . He told CNN they were also on the phone constantly , perhaps 12 to 13 times that day . There was another call from McStay 's phone to Merritt the night of February 4 , 2010 . It came about 40 minutes after a neighbor 's security camera captured the family 's Isuzu pulling out of their cul-de-sac . Merritt did n't answer . Merritt told he told CNN 's Kaye in January he was watching television with his then-girlfriend and he picked up the phone , looked at it and set it back down . He was tired . He called back the next day , he said . Was that just a regular call from his friend , or could it have been a call for help ? "  There are hundreds of scenarios . I have gone over all of them in my head , " he said . "  Of course I regret not picking up the phone . " The disappearance of the McStays Merritt was questioned by police after the disappearance . They just asked him the "  standard questions , " he said . He also claimed to have taken a polygraph test . What did it show ? "  I do n't know , " he said . "  Apparently -- I mean I have n't -- after I took the polygraph test , law enforcement has not contacted me at all since . So , I kind of simply assumed : Well , apparently that resolved the issues that they may be looking at with me . " Merritt said he did n't recall the police directly asking him if he killed the McStays . That was because at the time it seemed they were four people who left on their own volition , he said . Lucrative waterfall project lay ahead , Merritt told CNN Police had never named Merritt as a suspect before Wednesday 's arrest . He has served time in prison , according to criminal records from California , but none of the crimes involved violence . According to the Los Angeles Times , Merritt spent most of his life working with his hands . He received a metalworking license in 1982 . At their lunch the day of the disappearance , Merritt said , he and McStay talked business -- just business . They were working on a waterfall project for a Saudi couple and Merritt said there needed to be a large check written to a stainless steel company that was doing work for them . McStay seemed happy . On the horizon was another project that would involve 500 waterfalls . Each one would sell for $ 17,000 or $ 18,000 -- as much as $ 9 million total -- but McStay still needed to sign the contract . "  It was pretty much a done deal , " Merritt said . San Bernardino authorities said Friday that after reviewing 4,500 pages of investigative records , executing 60 search warrants and conducting 200 interviews , they believe Merritt acted alone . He appeared in court on Friday , but his arraignment was postponed until next Wednesday . His lawyer , Robert Ponce , left court without speaking to reporters .	Chase Merritt told CNN in January that he met Joseph McStay in 2007 They did business together but they were also close friends , Merritt says He was the last person to see McStay the day he , his wife and two kids vanished , he told CNN Police believe Merritt , acting alone , killed the four family members in their home
CNN  -- A 61-year-old man was sentenced Monday to 15 years in federal prison for helping engineer a $ 14.2 million Medicare fraud , including hiring parishioners at the church he co-lead to help with the scheme , the federal government said . Christopher Iruke was convicted in August -- along with his wife , Connie Ikpoh , and one of their employees , Aura Marroquin -- of conspiracy and health care fraud . Besides the prison time , U.S. District Judge Terry Hatter on Monday ordered Iruke to pay back $ 6.7 million with his conspirators and serve three years of "  supervised release " once he gets out of prison , the U.S. Justice Department said in a news release . He and Ikpoh were charged in October 2009 with bilking Medicare by fraudulently billing the government for electric wheelchairs and other expensive medical equipment . At the time , the two were both pastors at a now-defunct Los Angeles church , the Arms of Grace Christian Church . Ikpoh also worked as a nurse at Southern California hospitals . They ran one of their fraudulent companies , Pascon Medical Supply , from the church . Another -- Horizon Medical Equipment -- was owned by Ikpoh . At last year 's trial , jurors heard evidence that Iruke bought fraudulent prescriptions and documents that the three used to bill Medicare for equipment that were either "  medically unnecessary or never provided , " the Justice Department said . For instance , they billed Medicare about $ 6,000 for a power wheelchair that actually costs closer to $ 900 . Under threat of an audit by Medicare , Iruke persuaded his sister and one of his parishioners to open two new medical supply firms in their names . These were run after the other two companies , Pascon and Horizon , ceased operations . During the trial , witnesses said that "  they and others paid cash kickbacks to street-level marketers to offer Medicare beneficiaries free  devices and equipment  in exchange for the beneficiaries ' Medicare card numbers and personal information . " This data was used to make fraudulent prescriptions and medical documents , which they then sold to Iruke and others . Iruke told two of his employees , including Marroquin , to lie to state and federal inspectors and also urged them to talk on cell phones in hopes of evading law enforcement , witnesses said at the trial . In total , the federal government said that the conspirators submitted $ 14.2 million in fraudulent Medicare claims and got about $ 6.7 million in reimbursements . Marroquin was sentenced in December to time served and three years of supervised release , while Ikpoh will be sentenced February 27 .	Christopher Iruke , 61 , was the pastor at a now-defunct L.A. church He also ran medical supply companies , paying for illicit prescriptions and documents He submitted $ 14.2 million in fraudulent claims and got $ 6.7 million in reimbursements He was convicted in August , along with his wife , one other conspirator
CNN Student News  -- May 14 , 2014 Has the wreckage of a long-lost ship been identified , more than 500 years after it sailed the ocean blue ? Consider the claim today on CNN Student News , and get up to speed on stories from Syria to Virginia . We 'll also report on a wildfire in Texas and tell you how frequently these disasters occur in the U.S. On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What do you think are some challenges of reporting from a war zone ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . siege 2 . the Santa Maria 3 . Arlington National Cemetery Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is Homs ? What kind of conflict has been taking place there and throughout the country ? Who is Zeinat Akhras ? How did she and her brother survive the fighting and the siege ? How has the conflict taken a physical toll on them ? 2 . In what region of Texas did wildfires start burning this past weekend ? As of last night , what was the status of these fires ? How much damage has been caused by them ? According to the video : How common are wildfires in the U.S. ? What percentage of wildfires are caused by people ? 3 . What wreckage does modern-day explorer Barry Clifford think he may have located ? Where is it ? When did he actually find this wreckage ? Why might it have been misidentified ? What has to happen in order to prove whether it really is Columbus ' ship ? 4 . What kind of "  gut feeling " did former Sgt. Kyle White have as he and his fellow soldiers met with village elders in northeast Afghanistan ? What happened at the meeting ? What happened when the soldiers left the meeting ? What heroic actions earned White the Medal of Honor ? Who does White say are the heroes of this battle ? Why ? 5 . Where is Arlington National Cemetery ? For how long has it been used as a military burial ground ? Who was the first soldier buried there ? Whose graves will you find there ? What are the plans for the cemetery 's future ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In the video we hear that wildfires are relatively common in the U.S. , and that most of them are caused by people . Given the dangers and destruction of these fires , what are some suggestions you could offer for preventing them ? What would you include in a televised or online message about wildfire prevention ? 2 . What types of evidence do you think that historians would need to confirm that the wreckage found by Barry Clifford is the Santa Maria ? How might today 's technology help to determine the age and origin of the ship 's materials ? How might technology be used to determine if the ship was one of the fleet commanded by Christopher Columbus ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- For his final show , Stephen Colbert went out with a bang and a song . The Comedy Central host aired his last episode of "  The Colbert Report " on Thursday as he prepares to take over David Letterman 's "  The Late Show " in 2015 . "  If this is your first time tuning in to ` The Colbert Report , ' I have some terrible news , " Colbert announced during the finale . "  This in fact is your last time tuning in to ` The Colbert Report . ' Until 10 years from now , when they reboot it directed by J.J. Abrams . " The man who was ` Stephen Colbert ' But for now , "  like Mary Poppins or Gandhi , " it 's time for the Stephen Colbert we came to know on "  The Colbert Report " to retire . "  The truthiness is all those incredible things that people say I did -- none of that was really me , " Colbert said during his goodbye . "  You , the Nation , did all of that . I just got paid for it . " So as a thank you , Colbert staged an elaborate farewell scenario that included him killing off death -- a.k.a. , "  Grimmy " -- with a handgun and becoming "  immortal , " promising that "  We 'll Meet Again . " To prove his point , Colbert rounded up pretty much every celebrity he knows -- from George Lucas to Big Bird -- for a performance of that very song . The Colbert ReportGet More : Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Colbert Report on Facebook Once the song and dance was done , Colbert was ready to sign off for good -- from eternity , and accompanied by Santa Claus , Abraham Lincoln and Alex Trebek .  Seriously . "  We 've finally come to the end of ` The Colbert Report , ' " Colbert said . "  Nine great years , 1,447 wonderful episodes -- I 've just got too many people to thank . So I 'll just thank Mavis Staples . Mavis , if you could just call everybody tomorrow , that would be great . ... OK , that 's the show . From eternity , I 'm Stephen Colbert . " The Colbert ReportGet More : Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Colbert Report on Facebook But perhaps the best part about his sign-off is that it went right back to where it all started : with Jon Stewart 's "  The Daily Show . " "  Thanks for that report , Stephen , " Stewart said , before leading into the final scene of "  The Colbert Report " : an outtake from 2010 of Colbert and Stewart , being every bit as goofy and charming as we 'd want them to be .	Stephen Colbert 's final show aired Thursday He said goodbye with a star-studded sing-a-long Colbert will take over "  The Late Show " in 2015
Johannesburg  CNN  -- At sunset , the smell of food simmering in dozens of pots starts to fill the air on 15th Avenue . Soon after , as if summoned by the aroma of meat and spices , a steady stream of cars starts rolling in , pulling up to the food stalls and carts where local women armed with serving spoons prepare to ladle out portions of South African comfort food -- ox tripe known as mogodu , chicken feet , beans and maize dusted with spicy pepper . A woman in a red dress loudly licked her lips as she waited to collect several containers full of food . "  Its food from the homeland , " she said as she then hurried away to her waiting car . "  My husband 's going to be very happy . " The neighbourhood that hungry South Africans flock to on Monday nights is a township called Alexandra , or Alex. This densely-populated district is often associated with poverty and crime . Squatters , many of them immigrants from other sub-Saharan countries in Africa , live in wretched conditions in shacks and derelict industrial buildings on the edges of the township , and within view of Sandton , one of the city 's wealthiest , leafy enclaves . Twenty-five-year-old Maurice Modipa wants to change the township 's negative image . "  More than anything , I want to put Alex on the map , " he said . "  In terms of getting people into Alex and change the stigma that we have , I just want people to see it from my point of view . " Modipa and his brothers are transforming their father 's small liquor store into a nightclub that they hope will one day offer panoramic views of Alexandra township . Their bar -- called "  Stoep , " which is a South African term for the veranda where locals gather next to the house -- is part of a larger attempt to attract members of the country 's rising black middle class back to the townships . Workers at Stoep set up amplifiers and haul in cases of beer under the watchful eye of 66-year-old Shimmi Modipa , who first started selling beer to his friends at this property decades ago , when it was little more than a collection of shacks on 15th Avenue . "  I used to call it ` Amstel Lounge , ' because it 's where we used to entertain myself , my friends and visitors , " the elder Modipa said . Deep inequalities In the days of apartheid , Modipa said the white minority-ruled government confined black South Africans to the township after dark . He also said it was difficult to start a business , since white-owned banks refused to issue loans to blacks . And though the poverty that is visible today in Alexandra reflects the deep income inequalities and high unemployment that continue to plague South Africa , Modipa said this working class neighborhood has come a long way in the last 20 years . "  There were no tar roads , there were just gravel roads.There were no sewage systems ... in the olden days -LSB- we had -RSB- bucket systems , " Shimmi Modipa said . Pointing to the paved road outside his family 's bar , Modipa said , "  We are still saying thanks , thanks , thanks . My thanks to our Papa Madiba , " referring to Nelson Mandela , the first democratically-elected black president of South Africa , who has been lying in critical condition for weeks in a hospital in Pretoria . "  Mandela made this possible . " By 9pm , loud dance music was blaring from amplifiers in the Modipa bar . Patrons arrived on roaring motorcycles , in Mercedes sedans and expensive sport utility vehicles They swayed to the music in the bar 's unfinished open structure , sipping beer and whiskey and munching on chicken feet , apparently oblivious to the winter chill . Maurice Modipa danced and played DJ behind a laptop with big headphones on his ears . The customers who used to drink beer at Stoep have changed dramatically in the last decade . "  We know quite a few people who have made something of themselves ... economically , " Maurice Modipa said later . The scene of affluent South Africans returning from wealthy suburbs to the poor township for a taste of their roots was a homecoming of sorts . This uniquely South African night out showed much progress has been made since the end of apartheid , and highlighted how far the country still has to go to overcome its deep social and economic challenges .	In the days of apartheid , black South Africans were confined to the township after dark Shimmi Modipa said his working class neighborhood has come a long way in the last 20 years "  Mandela made this possible , " he says
Atlanta  CNN  -- Top officials from the Federal Aviation Administration and the air traffic controllers ' union kicked off a cross-country tour of air traffic control facilities on Monday , two days after a seventh reported case this year of a controller falling asleep on the job . FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt and Paul Rinaldi , president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association , are expected to hold a series of meetings about safety and professionalism . Their first stop was at a radar facility in the Atlanta area . "  None of us in this business can tolerate any of this , " Babbitt said of the sleeping controllers . "  It absolutely has to stop . ... One mistake is one too many . " This "  will not be tolerated , " he insisted . "  We run the safest system in the world , " but these incidents have "  cast a cloud . " Inside the life of an air traffic controller Babbitt described himself as "  infuriated " after learning about the lapses . "  Any time  there  is less than perfection , we have issues , " Rinaldi added . "  It 's a very big concern , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said Monday . "  We will do better . " Federal officials announced a series of new regulations Saturday aimed at preventing air traffic controllers from falling asleep while on duty . Among other things , controllers now must have a minimum of nine hours off between shifts , instead of the current minimum of eight hours . In addition , controllers can no longer be put on an unscheduled midnight shift following a day off . If the shift from eight to nine hours is n't enough , "  then obviously we 'll take that into consideration , " LaHood said . But it 's up to the controllers "  to take personal responsibility " and get adequate rest during their down time , he said . FAA managers will also schedule their own shifts in a way to ensure greater coverage in the early morning and late night hours , the secretary noted over the weekend . On Saturday , the FAA suspended an air traffic controller for sleeping on the job at the Miami Air Route Traffic Control Center . According to a preliminary review of air traffic tapes , the controller did not miss any calls from aircraft , and there was no operational impact , the agency said in a statement . The incident was reported to a manager by another controller , the FAA said . There were 12 controllers and two managers on duty at the time . Last week , the head of the FAA Air Traffic Organization , Hank Krakowski , resigned over the uproar caused by the recent spate of incidents . David Grizzle , the FAA 's chief counsel , has been named acting chief of the unit . Will NextGen air traffic overhaul make us safer ? Aside from Miami , cases of sleeping controllers have been reported in Washington ; Knoxville , Tennessee ; Seattle and Reno , Nevada . There have been two suspected cases in Lubbock , Texas . All of the incidents occurred during controllers ' midnight shifts . Most of the lapses occurred at local control towers . In at least one incident , the FAA has said , the controller deliberately went to sleep , while some of the others appear to have been accidental . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : FAA officials , union representatives begin a cross-country tour in Atlanta NEW : FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt says mistakes "  will not be tolerated " The FAA reported a seventh case of a controller asleep on the job this year Controllers now must have a minimum of nine hours off between shifts
CNN  -- The man behind a controversial book considered a "  how-to " guide for pedophiles was arrested in Colorado , officials in Florida said Monday . "  You can not engage or depict children in a harmful relationship , " said Polk County , Florida , Sheriff Grady Judd as he described the Florida obscenity statute that officials used to charge Phillip Greaves with distribution of obscene material depicting minors engaged in harmful conduct . The self-published author was arrested in Pueblo , Colorado , on a Florida felony warrant after undercover detectives in Polk County purchased and received a copy of the book through the mail . He will have to be extradited to Florida to face charges . Judd said the book was Greaves ' last copy , which he autographed before sending out . Greaves and his book , "  The Pedophile 's Guide to Love and Pleasure : A Child-Lover 's Code of Conduct , " gained national attention earlier this year after Amazon.com defended selling the book on its website despite angry comments and threats of boycotts from thousands of users . Amazon pulled the book from its site in early November . "  He actually provided a how-to guide to commit sexual battery against children , " according to Judd , who said he was shocked and mortified by specific examples and illustrations using 9 - and 13-year-old boys . Judd said he was frustrated that Greaves ' book was protected under freedom of speech laws , even though it was created "  specifically to teach people how to sexually molest and rape children . " "  There may be nothing that the other 49 states can do , but there is something that the state of Florida can do ... to make sure we prosecute Philip Greaves for his manifesto , " Judd said . Officials said the book talked about safe sex and avoiding injury to children , grooming and preparing children for sex , and teaching children how to lie to their parents . Judd said Greaves ' book outlined a "  code of ethics " that showed pedophiles how to look for the most vulnerable children . "  The message is very clear : If you write a book , if you sell that book , if you transmit that book to anyone in our jurisdiction , then we will investigate you and arrest , because our goal is protect the children , " the sheriff said .	Phillip Greaves arrested in Colorado on Florida warrant Greaves ' book was considered a "  how-to " guide for pedophiles The book was pulled from Amazon.com in November Greaves faces extradition to Florida to face felony charges
CNN  -- Anjali Thakur is living in fear in India . She is a mother afraid for her son . "  We are all having sleepless nights , " Thakur says . Sourabh Sharma -- one of the Indian students attacked in Melbourne . Her son is n't in a war zone or even a country known to be dangerous . He is a student in Melbourne , Australia . "  Three years back when we sent him , " she says , "  it was one of the safest places for the children to go . " The Australian government says it is still safe but a spate of vicious attacks on Indian students in recent weeks has parents like Thakur and hundreds of students shaken and angry . From Melbourne to Victoria to Sydney Indian students say they are targets of racially motivated attacks . At least 10 Indian students have been attacked over the past month , the most severe case left an Indian student in a coma , another student was stabbed in the stomach , and a third left with a nasty black eye . So far more than a dozen arrests have been made . Australia authorities say they do n't believe the attacks and robberies are racially motivated but instead crimes of opportunity against soft targets : students who typically travel alone at night on public transportation . But hundreds of Indian students see it differently . They have reacted with protests in at least three Australian cities . Police say at one point Indian students decided to take the law into their own hands and retaliate which has been condemned in both India and Australia . The situation has gotten so much attention Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has made several statements on the matter , insisting the attacks are isolated incidents . In an interview on Australian radio he said : "  Every city has violence , let 's put this into perspective , and Australia I 'm advised on the statistics is one of the safest countries in the world for international students . " In India though the perception of a safe Australia has been shattered partly due to the widespread publicity of the recent cases . The story has been front page news for days while local television media has been going with breaking news every time it receives a report of an Indian student attacked anywhere in Australia . Political tension has even bubbled up between India and Australia with India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressing the attacks and asking Australia does something to safeguard India 's young people . Australia has responded with a 10-point action plan to help safeguard students . A helpline has also been set up . As for Anjali Thakur , she says her son has lived in Australia for three years and never experienced violence ; in fact she says he did n't even know about the attacks in Melbourne where he lives until she called him to warn him . But Thakur has been watching the news in India and seeing a totally different picture of Australia . "  It 's a lovely beautiful peaceful country , " Thakur says , "  but now what you see on TV and what you hear , that 's a total contrast to what we know of Australia . " The Thakur family has responded by refusing to let the youngest son study in Australia and keeping their eldest son from enrolling in a master 's program at his university . If that kind of sentiment spreads , it could have serious consequences for Australia 's $ 12.6 billion-a-year education export industry . More than 80,000 students from India study in Australia . "  Any parent will tell you , " Thakur says , "  they are not going to send a child for the best education in the world at the cost of his life . "	Spate of attacks on Indian students in Australia makes headlines in India Students say attacks racially motivated ; authorities say they are crimes of opportunity Attacks have stoked political tensions between New Delhi , Canberra More than 80,000 Indian students attend Australian universities
CNN  Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Bishop Robert Finn , who remained on the job for years after becoming the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church 's long-running sex abuse scandal , the Vatican announced Tuesday . Finn , who led the Diocese of Kansas City-St . Joseph , Missouri , was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . The case was tried by a judge instead of by jury because prosecutors wanted to protect the young victims ' anonymity . Finn was convicted of one count but not a misdemeanor charge he 'd also faced . He was put on two years ' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine , according to the Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office . Two charges against his diocese were dropped . At the time of his conviction , Finn said , according to CNN affiliate KCTV : "  I truly regret and am sorry for the hurt these events have caused . " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said the conviction and penalty , which included starting a $ 10,000 fund for sexual abuse counseling and mandatory training for church officials on how to report abuse , would have positive ramifications . "  We can be assured now that if an allegation of child abuse comes to the attention of the Diocese of Kansas City-St . Joseph , there will be no hesitation to report it immediately to the proper authorities , " Baker said . The case against Finn revolved around his diocese 's dealings with Shawn Ratigan , an Independence , Missouri , priest who pleaded guilty in August 2012 to five child pornography charges . Church officials found disturbing images on Ratigan 's computer but did n't notify police until nearly five months later , prosecutors said . In those interceding months , the priest kept on working . And Finn kept his job as bishop , even after his 2012 conviction . The official website of the Catholic diocese of Kansas City-St . Joseph still listed him as its bishop Tuesday morning . Cardinal Sean O'Malley , who took over the abuse-shaken Boston archdiocese and has become one of the Pope 's point men in the United States , has acknowledged the inconsistency that someone who would n't be allowed to teach Sunday school was still running an American diocese . "  It 's a question that the Holy See needs to address urgently , " O'Malley said in a "  60 Minutes " interview in November . "  There 's a recognition of that ... from Pope Francis . " Candida Moss -- a professor at Notre Dame , a Catholic university in Indiana -- said it "  does n't look very urgent " that a decision came down only now , nearly three years after the conviction and five months after O'Malley 's comments . Several factors may have played a role in the delay , including views from lawyers or power players at the Vatican , who may be reluctant to cast blame at high-level officials who do n't report allegations quickly enough to government authorities . But the timing of the announcement may make sense given that it comes weeks after Francis came under fire for the installation of a new bishop in Chile , Juan Barros , despite protesters ' claims he was complicit in sexual abuse cases there . "  It kind of shook Francis ' reputation , " said Moss . "  Having this resignation and putting right one of the more visible injustices on this , especially in the U.S. , I think this is a typical Francis way to reinstall confidence . " Now that the case has been addressed , the Kansas City-St . Joseph diocese has a new leader : Kansas Archbishop Joseph Naumann . Under the Pope 's directive , Naumann will be the Kansas City diocese 's apostolic administrator , in addition to his regular responsibilities in Kansas , until a permanent bishop is appointed , according to an announcement on the diocese 's website . "  I pray that the coming weeks and months will be a time of grace and healing for the Diocese , " Naumann said in an open letter to parishioners . "  All of us , who are privileged to serve in leadership for the Church , do so for only a season . It is not our Church , but Christ 's Church . " Moss , the Notre Dame professor , predicted that the shuffling at the western Missouri diocese will be "  very well received , " though some may question why it took so long . "  It 's not just that it 's late , " Moss said , "  but it 's that Francis could have been more explicit . " To that point , the co-director of BishopAccountability.org asked for more elaboration than the Vatican 's one-line announcement that Francis accepted the resignation "  in accordance with ... Canon Law . " Anne Doyle , from the watchdog group that documents the Catholic church 's abuse crisis , called Finn 's removal "  a good step but just the beginning . " "  The pope must show that this decision represents a meaningful shift in papal practice -- that it signals a new era in bishop accountability , " Doyle said . " ... What no pope has done to date is publicly confirm that he removed a culpable bishop because of his failure to make children 's safety his first priority . We urge Pope Francis to issue such a statement immediately . " CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Expert : Decision "  does n't look very urgent , " but it appears "  well-timed " for Pope Francis Robert Finn remained a bishop after a 2012 conviction for failure to report abuse Leader of watchdog group calls the Pope 's decision "  a good step but just the beginning "
CNN  -- A U.S. air marshal was assaulted with a syringe containing an "  unknown substance " at the Lagos , Nigeria , airport on Sunday , according to the FBI , which said it is investigating the incident . The air marshal flew back to the United States after the attack and "  felt fine " the entire 12-hour flight , a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN . "  Out of an abundance of caution , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention conducted an on-scene screening of the victim when United Flight 143 landed in Houston early Monday morning , " a statement from the FBI read . "  The victim did not exhibit any signs of illness during the flight and was transported to a hospital upon landing for further testing , " the statement said , adding that "  none of the testing conducted has indicated a danger to other passengers . " Investigators are looking at whether the air marshal , who did not exchange words with the attacker before the incident , was targeted because he 's American . However , there is no concern at this point in the investigation that the attack is part of a bigger threat , according to the source .	The air marshal was injected with a syringe containing an "  unknown substance " He was transported to a hospital upon landing in the United States
CNN  -- Karim Benzema shrugged off his club troubles and a violent challenge to give France a 1-0 win over 10-man Brazil in Wednesday 's prestige friendly in Paris . The Real Madrid striker netted the only goal from close range nine minutes into the second half of the rematch of the 1998 World Cup final at the same venue -- which France won 3-0 . He was lucky to escape serious injury five minutes before the break when Brazil midfielder Hernanes was sent off for kicking him in the chest . Benzema has struggled to show his true form in Spain since his $ 48 million move in 2009 , but was a constant threat after the red card and should have added more to his new tally of 12 international goals . However , his 54th-minute strike proved enough , set up by winger Jeremy Menez 's burst down the right and subsequent teasing low cross . Menez was lucky to stay on the pitch after a bad tackle from behind on Brazil defender David Luiz , whose new English club Chelsea will be relieved he escaped injury . It was France 's fifth consecutive win under coach Laurent Blanc , who has revived the team 's fortunes after last year 's first-round exit at the World Cup in South Africa . Brazil coach Mano Menezes suffered a second successive defeat following November 's loss to Argentina . Also on Wednesday , two of the world 's best footballers went head-to-head in neutral Switzerland , and once again Lionel Messi came out on top as Argentina snatched a last-gasp 2-1 friendly win over Portugal . His Real Madrid arch-rival Cristiano Ronaldo put the European side level in the 21st minute after Angel Di Maria 's opener in Geneva , but Barcelona superstar Messi gave the South Americans the spoils with a 90th-minute penalty . The duo have matched each other almost goal for goal this season in La Liga , and Messi has the upper hand with Barcelona seven points clear and resounding 5-0 victors in the opening "  Clasico " clash between the two clubs . And the two-time world player of the year was involved in Argentina 's 14th-minute opener as he cut in from the right in trademark fashion to set up Real winger Di Maria . But Ronaldo , who followed up Messi 's weekend hat-trick with a double of his own to regain top spot in the Spanish scoring charts , pounced from close range soon after from striker Hugo Almeida 's flick-on . Ronaldo should have made it 2-1 soon after halftime but hit the bar from close range , then saw Almeida waste an even better opportunity before both were substituted along with Nani . But Messi stayed on the pitch until the end , and got his reward when Fabio Coentrao fouled substitute Pablo Zabaleta . In another rematch of a past World Cup final , Germany were held 1-1 at home by 1982 champions Italy . Veteran striker Miroslav Klose opened the scoring in the 16th minute after fine build-up play by Mesut Ozil and Thomas Muller , beating recalled former captain Gianluigi Buffon in goal . But Giuseppe Rossi -- who shares the surname of 1982 tournament top scorer Paolo -- snatched a late equalizer for Cesare Prandelli 's team , beating keeper Manuel Neuer at the second attempt with nine minutes to play . World champions Spain beat Colombia 1-0 in Madrid thanks to an 86th-minute winner by substitute David Silva . Striker David Villa , seeking to move past Raul as Spain 's record scorer , was denied his 45th international goal when he hit the post in the first half . The Netherlands , beaten in the World Cup final in South Africa last year , defeated Austria 3-1 in Eidhoven . Wesley Sneijder volleyed a 28th-minute opener before second-half goals from striker Klaas Jan Huntelaar -- his 10th goal in six matches -- and Dirk Kuyt from the penalty spot made Marko Arnautovic 's late strike a mere consolation . England came from behind to beat Denmark 2-1 in Copenhagen , as Aston Villa forwards Darren Bent and Ashley Young struck in each half after Daniel Agger 's early diving header . Russia suffered a shock 1-0 defeat by Iran in the United Arab Emirates , as Mohammad Reza Khalatbari netted a last-minute winner and was then sent off after being booked for celebrating . The match was reportedly watched by former Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz , who has been linked with the Iran post . South Korea , who were also in action at the Asian Cup recently , drew 0-0 with Turkey . Cameroon warmed up for next month 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Senegal with a 1-0 win away to Macedonia , with substitute Matthew Mbuta scoring the only goal in the 75th minute in Skopje . South Africa beat Kenya 2-0 thanks to first-half goals from Davide Somma and Steven Pienaar , while Morocco defeated Niger 3-0 and Nigeria edged Sierra Leone 2-1 .	France edge Brazil 1-0 in rematch of 1998 World Cup final in Paris Karim Benzema scores the only goal after surviving horror challenge by Hernanes Lionel Messi upstages Cristiano Ronaldo with Argentina 's late winner against Portugal World Cup finalists Spain and the Netherlands both win their friendly outings
CNN  -- The set-up is simple . A beautiful woman looks directly at a camera and does short , jokey skits about relationships , pop culture and whatever else is on her mind . The woman is Jessi Smiles , a young Cuban-American from Miami . Smiles was a struggling 20-year-old juggling two jobs when , about a month ago , she started posting videos to Vine , beginning with remakes of popular Vines other people had created . Now she has more than 1.9 million followers on the social-video network , has started and ended a public relationship with an equally "  Vine-famous " guy , and has quit jobs as a makeup artist and receptionist to pursue her dream of acting full time . Vine is a mobile app from Twitter for sharing videos that are no more than six-seconds long . The videos are created on smartphones and tablets using a single button to start and stop recording , and clips ca n't be imported , edited , reordered or deleted . Even with those limitations , or possibly because of them , Vine has become a hit since its January debut . The medium has even created a vibrant online subculture and its own cast of cult stars , called "  viners . " They are not household names like Robin Thicke , Bruno Mars or Beyonce  though many real stars do have large Vine audiences  . But Vine celebrities like Smiles , KC James and Curtis LePore have millions of followers . Some say they are recognized on the street daily , with fans asking if they can get a picture with them and a signed autograph . Josh Darnit makes cute and funny Vines with his kids and has half a million followers . The most popular comedian on Vine is Josh Peck who has 3 million followers . Peck was already famous from his television show on Nickelodeon , "  Drake and Josh . " KC James is another Vine-grown superstar . He writes and produces mini-comedy bits , usually pulling in friends to act them out with him . The 22-year-old now has 2.5 million followers on Vine , which makes him No. 5 on the list of most popular Vine users .  For reference , One Direction 's Harry Styles is No. 18 .  Like Smiles , KC said he is recognized in public regularly . How does he explain the explosion of interest in his videos ? "  I 'm just being myself and being goofy . I like to make my Vines relatable , " said James . James has also parlayed his Vine celebrity into a career . He said he has a TV show in the works as a direct result of his Vine posts , and is excited to finally have the opportunity to follow his dreams of comedic acting and writing . Vine itself is not profitable , but posters with big followings can make money by plugging brands on their own channels or appearing in Vines for companies . Both James and Smiles are represented by a company called Collab , which has licensing rights to all of their YouTube content . James also has appeared in Virgin Mobile ads on that company 's Vine account , which were arranged by GrapeStory , another Vine talent agency . "  My life has completely changed . I 've had the most amazing opportunities and such great exposure because of Vine , " said Smiles . "  None of this would have been possible without it . " Their followers have created fan pages and imitation accounts , and the comments on their videos are typically things like , "  Please follow me !!! I will do anything for you to notice me . " Smiles is still adjusting to the attention . She said she is flattered by the knock-off accounts , though she is unsure why anyone would spend the time to do that . "  My mom still has to remind me that I ca n't leave my house without makeup and wearing pajamas , " Smiles said . "  People recognize me everywhere , no matter what state I 'm visiting . It 's surreal . " When Smiles arranged to meet her then boyfriend , fellow Vine star Curtis Lepore , in real life for the first time in New York City , they invited all their followers . The result was a "  Super Vine , " when thousands of fans show up in person to meet a Vine star and then film the mass gathering to post on Vine . How do normal , everyday people catch the attention of so many strangers ? What is it about this simple app that pushes people into celebrity status ? "  It 's kind of an escape for a couple of minutes . If people are having a bad day they can go to our Vines and see these people that are saying it 's OK to be goofy , " James said . One reason some of these Viners say they are growing a devout following is their relatable nature . The Vines often tackle real-life scenarios and common pet peeves . The top Viners also tend to have one thing in common : comedy . People connect , and even become a little obsessed , with their down-to-earth , funny personalities . "  When people tell me that I changed their life because they were in a dark place and I helped to make them laugh -- that is the coolest thing , " Smiles said . Finding fame through an app is a new phenomenon unique to this generation . Though the videos are short , standing out is no easy feat . With over 13 million active users posting on the service , how does someone become a Vine star ? James advises , "  Just be original . Spend time writing . A lot of people think it just happens , but it takes a lot of time and I work hard at my Vines . " "  With only 6 seconds to shine , your creativity is pushed to another level , " Smiles said .	Vine stars have gained millions of followers for 6-second videos The Twitter-owned Vine is helping some actors launch careers They make money through sponsored Vines and even have representatives
When federal safety investigators meet on Tuesday to determine the cause of the Asiana Flight 214 crash , they will have studied not only last summer 's deadly accident but also a little-known incident years earlier . In August of 2010 , Eugene Francis Arnold , one of the Federal Aviation Administration 's top test pilots , was descending into Seattle 's Boeing Field when he leveled off to avoid another plane . To his surprise , his speed fell 10 or 15 knots below his target speed , even though he believed the jet 's automated speed control , or auto-throttle , was engaged . Arnold pushed the throttle manually to increase the plane 's speed and landed safely . Arnold , investigators believe , experienced the same type of "  mode confusion " that caught Asiana 's pilots off guard -- at a much lower altitude -- shortly before they plowed into the sea wall at San Francisco International Airport . In both cases , the pilots believed they had selected modes of autopilot and auto-throttle that would "  wake up " the auto-throttle if necessary , much as a car 's cruise control kicks in when the car heads uphill . But they had n't . Complex system There lies the big question before the National Transportation Safety Board when it meets Tuesday : Is Boeing to blame for creating a system so complicated that it befuddled even a top FAA test pilot ? Are the pilots to blame for not understanding the intricacies of the system and for failing to monitor the plane 's speed ? Or is Korea-based Asiana Airlines to blame for not adequately training its pilots ? At a December hearing on the crash , experts told the safety board that while automation has vastly improved aviation safety , it has a flip side . The same technology that makes it possible for pilots to fly coast to coast without touching a yoke are complicated and hard to master . Thus , flying is getting easier and harder at the same time . "  Automation can be extremely supportive of human operators if it is designed properly , " expert Nadine Sarter of the University of Michigan testified . "  But we also have seen in a number of incidents  where  automation can actually get in the way . " "  We have heard things like ` clumsy ' automation , where automation ... helps the most when the pilot actually might need the help the least . But when they need the help the most -- in very time-critical conditions -- it might be very difficult for them to actually operate the automation , " she said . Different opinions Not surprisingly , Asiana Airlines , the pilots union , and Boeing , which manufactured the 777 involved in the crash , have starkly different opinions of what role the pilots played in the crash , and the role of automation . "  The airplane and all airplane systems were functioning as expected prior to impact and did not contribute to the accident , " Boeing said in a March submission to the safety board . The accident was caused by the pilots ' failure to monitor and control the plane 's airspeed and direction , and could have been avoided if they had initiated a timely go-around . Asiana , meanwhile , blamed Boeing and the pilots . The pilots , just three months before the accident , had received "  specific instruction " about the possibility the airspeed protection would be disabled in a certain mode , Asiana said . The airline assigned blame to the pilots for not ensuring "  a minimum safe airspeed , " and Boeing for creating an autopilot system that led to an "  unexpected disabling " of speed protections . The warning system , the airline says , also did not give the pilots enough time to recover . The Asiana Pilots Union blamed crew training , saying pilots were not trained that a combination of autopilot and auto-throttle modes would not prevent the plane from going too slowly . "  In this case , a key piece of information was not provided as part of the normal training program at Asiana , " the union said . Boeing said it was without fault . "  All airplane systems were functioning as expected prior to impact and did not contribute to the accident , " it told the safety board . Asked why the "  hold " mode did not protect against dangerous drop-offs in speed , Boeing told the board , "  To do this would violate  Boeing 's  design philosophy : the pilot is the final authority for the operation of the airplane . " "  If the auto-throttle automatically  switched mode to prevent an aerodynamic stall  , it would be overriding the crew 's selection , " Boeing said . Fly the plane manually If pilots are confused by the technology , there is a simple solution : Fly the plane manually , Boeing said . "  This accident would have been avoided had the flight crew followed procedures and initiated a timely go-around , " Boeing told the safety board . What no one contests is that by the time the plane 's captain recognized the plane was traveling too slowly , it was too late . At 11 seconds before impact , the plane 's low airspeed alert was triggered . Eight seconds before impact , one of the pilots pushed the throttles forward . But it takes engines seven to eight seconds to spool up from idle to full power . The plane slammed into the seawall , ripping off the landing gear , the tail and both engines . It spun 330 degrees in a shower of sparks and debris . Of the 307 people on board , three died . Almost 200 were injured . Asiana Airlines fined $ 500,000 for failing to help families Asiana crash victims sue Boeing	NTSB votes Tuesday on cause of 2013 Asiana crash in San Francisco Focus is on pilots ' actions , automation Pilots confused by auto-throttle modes Will blame fall on pilots or designers ?
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has launched a terrorism crackdown one day after a series of explosions in an open-air market killed dozens in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang , the country 's state news agency , Xinhua said Friday . Without any details , the report said authorities had undertaken a "  one-year crackdown on violent terrorist activities " in the volatile region after blasts in the heavily policed city of Urumqi killed at least 39 people and wounded more than 90 , according to state media . The number of dead does not include the attackers . The state news agency reported Friday that five attackers were responsible for the blasts ; four were killed in the explosions , and a fifth was arrested Thursday . They were identified through DNA testing , Xinhua said . In Urumqi , authorities tightened security checks at entry ports in an attempt to curb weapons smuggling , including inspections of individuals , luggage , transport facilities and postal deliveries at land border crossings , Xinhua reported Friday . After visiting the injured and the scene of the explosions , Guo Shengkun , minister of public security , called for severe punishment for those responsible , state media said . President Xi Jinping also called for the terrorists behind it to be "  severely " punished . Two SUVs slammed into shoppers gathered at the market in Urumqi at 7:50 a.m. Thursday , and explosives were flung out of the vehicles , Xinhua said . The vehicles then exploded , according to the news agency . Some of the photos circulating on social media suggested a hellish scene , with bodies strewn on the ground amid burning wreckage . Others showed flames and smoke billowing out of the end of a tree-lined street guarded by police . ` An enormous sound ' "  I heard an enormous sound , then I looked out from my balcony , " said a resident of a building near the explosion who would only give his surname , Shan . He told CNN that trees obscured much of his view of the scene , but that he "  could see there was chaos , with people injured . " Many of the victims caught in the blasts were elderly people who regularly visited the morning market , Xinhua reported . "  It 's mainly people coming to trade vegetables , especially the elderly who get up early and buy vegetables to cook , " Shan said . The U.S. government condemned the attack . "  This is a despicable and outrageous act of violence against innocent civilians , and the United States resolutely opposes all forms of terrorism , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said in a statement . String of recent attacks Chinese authorities have stepped up security measures in Xinjiang in recent months amid a series of attacks within the region and in other major Chinese cities . On Wednesday , Xinhua reported that 39 people had been sentenced to prison in the past two months for "  inciting violence " in Xinjiang . But Thursday 's devastating blasts suggest the government is facing a foe determined to wreak havoc . The market attack comes less than a month after an explosion hit a train station in Urumqi , killing three people and wounding 79 others . The April 30 blast occurred just after Xi had wrapped up a visit to the region . Ethnic tensions Chinese officials have linked a mass knife attack in March that killed 29 people at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming to Islamic separatists from Xinjiang . They have also blamed separatists for an October attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in which a car rammed into a pedestrian bridge and burst into flames , killing two tourists and the three occupants of the vehicle . The knife-wielding assailants in the Kunming attack and the people in the car that hit Tiananmen were identified as Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group from Xinjiang . Ethnic tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese people , millions of whom have migrated to resource-rich Xinjiang in recent decades , have repeatedly boiled over into deadly riots and clashes with authorities in recent years . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment over harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . The Han are the predominant ethnic group in China , making up more than 90 % of the overall population . Shift in targets The pattern of ethnic violence in the region goes back decades , according to James Leibold , an expert in ethnic relations in China at La Trobe University in Melbourne , Australia . "  But what 's new , and what I think is significant , is that we have a shift in target , " Leibold said . "  We have a targeting of innocent civilians , places where innocent civilians gather -- an attempt to maim innocent civilians in large numbers . " The other change is that the violence has "  seeped outside " the borders of Xinjiang into other parts of China , he said . It remains unclear who is behind the recent high-profile attacks . Chinese officials have pointed to a murky separatist group , the East Turkestan Islamic Movement , which they have blamed for violent acts in the past . East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang . But analysts are divided about the extent of the that group 's activities and its links to global terrorist networks such as al Qaeda . "  Generally , the government response is to blame terrorists without providing many details , " Leibold said . "  So I suspect it 's going to be very difficult to get to the bottom of this incident like previous ones . " Q&A : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's restive far west	State news agency : China begins "  one-year crackdown on violent terrorist activities " The report offers no details of the crackdown , but authorities tighten security at entry ports Thursday 's explosions killed at least 39 people and wounded more than 90 , state media say
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel usurped Fernando Alonso as Formula One 's youngest double world champion , and all the signs are now pointing to the prospect of the German beating his Spanish rival to a coveted third title . The Ferrari driver led by 44 points with nine races to go , but Vettel now holds a six-point advantage going into Sunday 's Indian Grand Prix -- where the Red Bull driver will start in pole position as he seeks to repeat last year 's victory at the Buddh International Circuit . The 25-year-old , who has won the last three races , topped Saturday 's qualifying session ahead of teammate Mark Webber and will have the McLarens of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button creating a buffer against Alonso , who was fifth fastest . "  We got a very good result and now we look forward to the race , " said Vettel , who like Webber admitted to making mistakes in Q3 . "  The races these days , a lot of things can happen so I do n't think that means a lot . Obviously I 'm very happy to be on pole , it 's the best possible position to start , so yeah , I 'm very happy with that but there 's a hard race coming up . " Latest F1 standings Webber is fifth overall , 63 points behind Vettel , and has helped Red Bull march towards a third successive manufacturers ' title . The duo have now been on the front row for three successive races , and last time out in Korea Webber earned his first podium since winning at Silverstone in July . "  I think the way the factory has helped us this weekend has been incredible , " the Australian said . "  Milton Keynes has really been pushing hard -- even though they 're not here they are with us in terms of work ethic and also for the team and the guys on the floor here . "  Obviously it 's not the easiest environment to work in , not in terms of temperature but in terms of other challenges and everyone 's getting through that pretty well . " Ferrari coy in flag controversy Alonso , whose teammate Felipe Massa qualified sixth , acknowledged that Ferrari had been left behind by Red Bull 's recent technical improvements . "  When we had a similar car , it was possible to fight with Vettel and we have even been ahead of them , but now we are fighting against  designer  Adrian Newey and , at the moment , we can not match him , " the 31-year-old said . "  We brought some updates here which have worked as we expected , but the others have also improved over these past two weeks : it 's down to us to bring something more significant for the final three races . " While Hamilton and Button are effectively out of the title race , third-placed Kimi Raikkonen still has slim hopes of adding to his 2007 crown -- though his chances of success on Sunday were hit when he qualified seventh as the leading Lotus . "  Unfortunately , we did n't seem to have any grip this afternoon so it was much more difficult than we thought , " the Finn said . "  I 'm quite disappointed as I thought we had a much better car than that . " Sauber 's Sergio Perez , who will replace Hamilton at McLaren next season , was eighth fastest ahead of Williams ' Pastor Maldonado . Nico Rosberg rounded out the top 10 , while his Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher will start in 14th place . "  We had a tough qualifying session today and I can not yet really explain why , particularly when I compare the times to what I did this morning , " said the seven-time world champion . "  In practice , we were able to run similar lap times with much more fuel in the car but , for whatever reason , we were unable to get the tires into the right working window and generate enough grip this afternoon . " Meanwhile , MotoGP world champion Casey Stoner will start in pole position for his farewell race at his home circuit in Australia on Sunday . The Honda rider , who will retire from motorcycling at the end of this season , headed off Yamaha 's series leader Jorge Lorenzo and second-placed Dani Pedrosa in Saturday 's qualifying . Stoner , who has had a corner at the Phillip Island circuit named after him , is third in the standings but his chances of a second world title were ended earlier this season by injuries .	F1 championship leader Sebastian Vettel on pole for Sunday 's Indian Grand Prix German heads off Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in Saturday 's qualifying The duo have locked out the front row of the grid for three races in a row Vettel 's main title challenger Fernando Alonso will start in fifth place
BETHLEHEM , West Bank  CNN  -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ . A worshipper touches a star at the point where tradition says Jesus Christ was born in the Church of Nativity . The standing-room-only service included singing and organ music . There were also large crowds outside the church , one of the most sacred places in Christianity . So many people had flocked to the area this Christmas season that there were no rooms left at the inns and hotels in Bethlehem . Some took this as a sign that tourism in Bethlehem was on the upswing . Christmas is the one time of year when the West Bank 's small , shrinking Christian communities show everyone else that they are still there . Before the midnight Mass , Palestinian scout groups representing Christians throughout the West Bank did as they always do on this day -- they marched , banging their drums loudly and , in a way , trying to make a point . Watch Bethlehem 's Christmas celebrations " The drumbeat has been heard by more and more people , locals say , as tourism has skyrocketed this year . "  This year , tourism is much better than last year -- we reached 1,250,000 , " said Victor Batarseh , the mayor of Bethlehem . "  All our hotels are full around Christmastime . We have 30,000 tourists coming in . " Tourists in record numbers were on hand this year , braving an unusually cold , gray and windy day to watch the parade of drums and holiday songs . "  It 's kind of neat to see it in the Middle East , and they 're playing Christmas carols and the songs we know , " said one American tourist . "  I 'm loving it , it 's just been an incredible atmosphere and just a wonderful learning experience , " said another . The Latin Patriarch in Jerusalem also came to the birthplace of Jesus , as he does every Christmas Eve , allowed through normally tightly shut gates by Israeli troops . The heavy security is a testament to ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . "  My Christmas wish is that we will have real peace , based on justice and freedom , " said Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian parliament member . "  My Christmas wish is that the justice that Jesus Christ gave his life for will happen sometime in his birthplace in Palestine . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Hundreds of Christians pack Church of the Nativity Thursday for midnight Mass The church is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ Large crowds gathered outside the church -- one of Christianity 's most sacred places
CNN  -- Forget about Pharrell Williams ' hat . We 're more interested in his skincare routine . Somehow , the 40-year-old musical everyman has been in the business for roughly 20 years without appearing to have aged a single day . As anyone with a job in the entertainment industry can tell you , that 's not easy . Even the typical Hollywood attempts to appear younger end up going the opposite way . But "  Skateboard P " noticeably does n't have such problems . The producer and performer 's visage looks so youthful , some have even started to question whether there 's a supernatural power involved . The speculation has become so prominent that the Grammy winner recently decided to put the gossip to rest . "  No I am not  a vampire  , " Pharrell told Time Out London this week . "  I 'm willing to go on record as saying that I do n't drink people 's blood . " Then , Pharrell graciously shared his personal fountain of youth to the masses : "  How do I stay so young-looking for a 40-year-old ? " I wash my face . " It 's possible that answer wo n't satisfy conspiracy theorists , so we 're going to toss out one of our own : Maybe being "  Happy " just goes a really long way .	Pharrell Williams does n't look like he 's aged in the past 20 years Some observers began to wonder if he 's a vampire The musician went on the record to confirm he 's not Perhaps it 's his joyful nature that 's keeping him young
Dr. John W.V. Cordice , the surgeon who operated on Dr. Martin Luther King after he was stabbed in Harlem in 1958 , died Sunday in Iowa , according to Ian Michaels , a spokesman for the agency that oversees Harlem Hospital , where King was operated on . Cordice was 95 . Cordice , along with Aubre C. Maynard , led the team of surgeons that operated on King after he was stabbed with a letter opener at a book signing in Harlem , according to the statement released Tuesday . King 's critical condition mandated that he be transferred to the nearest hospital , where Cordice and his team extracted the letter opener , according to a statement from New York City 's Health and Hospitals Corporation . King was discharged from the hospital 14 days later . In a statement , HHC President Alan Aviles called Cordice "  a brilliant clinical practitioner , a wise and thoughtful teacher , and a man of deep and abiding kindness and quiet modesty . " Cordice practiced medicine in Harlem for more than 40 years , according to the HHC statement . In a statement , Cordice 's family members said they are going through a difficult time . "  We ca n't imagine our lives without him and we thank the Almighty for giving him the compassion and the ability to use his gifts in service to others and we honor his life and feel greatly blessed , " they said . People we lost in 2013	Dr. Martin Luther King was stabbed with a letter opener in Harlem in 1958 Dr. John Cordice helped lead the surgeons who operated on the civil rights leader Cordice practiced in Harlem for more than 40 years , New York hospital group says
CNN  -- The Professional Footballers ' Association  PFA  , a body which represents soccer players in England and Wales , has sent ex-professionals a guide on how to handle mental health issues following the death of Wales manager Gary Speed . Speed , who made over 500 appearances in the English Premier League during a 22-year playing career , was found dead at his home on Sunday , sending British football into mourning . Although it is not known whether Speed was struggling with depression or any mental health issues , the PFA , which is linked to a similar body in Scotland , has taken the step of making "  The Footballers ' Guidebook " available to 50,000 former players . The guide , which includes comic strip style drawings and case studies from former players , was sent to current players in July . "  Whether you 're a king , a prince or a pauper , or a top sports star or the man in the street -- everybody is a human being and can have issues that they need help with , " PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor told CNN . The issue of depression in football was highlighted by the death of German national team goalkeeper Robert Enke , who took his own life in 2009 after a long struggle with the illness . "  The PFA are going to do even more work to try and make sure that people know they can turn to somebody in such times , " explained Taylor . "  We 've got to do all we can . " "  The death of Gary is so devastating , we 've got to do all we can to make sure it does n't happen again . " Speed represented Leeds United , Everton , Newcastle United and Bolton Wanderers in England 's top flight , before dropping into the second tier to play for , and later manage , Sheffield United . The former midfielder is the most-capped outfield player in Welsh history , having played for his country on 85 occasions . As a manager , Speed guided Wales to 45th in the world rankings , their highest position . A minutes applause will be held before all of this weekend 's English Premier League matches in honor of Speed .	The PFA have sent 50,000 members advice on coping with mental illness The decision comes in the wake of Wales ' manager Gary Speed 's recent death It is unclear whether Speed was experiencing depression or any mental illness The guide was issued to current professional players in July
Oslo  CNN  -- While the Nobel Peace Prize was being awarded this week in an ornate hall in Oslo , a small island nearby was shrouded in a cold mist that made it seem almost haunted . Utoya Island has dropped from the headlines , but it remains fresh in the memory of many , including one of the European Union leaders who received the Nobel prize , as the site of Norway 's worst mass murder since World War II . Martin Schultz , the president of the European Parliament made a point of going to the island the very next day . "  The attack was an attack on our values , " said Martin Schulz , president of the European Parliament . "  But our values are stronger than the attack . " Schulz -- along with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and European Council President Herman Van Rompuy -- accepted the award on the EU 's behalf Monday , with the massacre of July 2011 already on his mind . It started with a deadly blast in downtown Oslo that killed eight people . In confusion that followed , the anti-immigrant extremist who detonated the bomb drove roughly 45 minutes to a ferry that took him to Utoya , the scene of an annual summer camp for young members of Norway 's Labor Party . He methodically gunned down everyone he could find and killed 69 people , most of them teenagers . Anders Behring Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks , boasting that he was a patriot fighting multiculturalism in Norway . He was subjected to intense psychiatric examination , found sane and sentenced to 21 years in prison , although under Norwegian law he could be behind bars for life . The European Union was honored with the 2012 Nobel Prize because of its contribution to peace in Europe , erasing old borders and animosities . It has also contributed to multiculturalism , eliminating some of the barriers to immigration in many corners of the continent . In some countries , the debt crisis is fueling anti-immigrant sentiment . In Greece , for example , the ultra-nationalist Golden Dawn party is gaining popularity in part because of the country 's changing economic and ethnic landscape . Norway is hardly an enthusiastic EU supporter , even less a hotbed of xenophobia . It has twice rejected EU membership and Breivik has been regarded as an extremist or a madman . But with the Nobel Prize for the EU and the the massacre at Utoya , Norway finds itself close to both Europe 's best intentions and some of the worst instincts in European history . Schulz likened the two faces of his own brief trip to Norway to the two faces visible in the history of his own native Germany . "  We had a culture of literature and philosophy and mathematics , " he said , "  And we had a culture of extermination at Auschwitz . " Schulz said that Norway , a nation proud of its liberal , peaceful and tolerant traditions , offered an avenue of hope "  The reaction of the Norwegian society , to say our answer to the gunman is more democracy , more respect and to fight more for our values - that was the right answer , a good example for the whole world . " A famous peace prize and an infamous murder scene : two different worlds less than one hour apart .	Utoya Island has dropped from headlines , but it remains fresh in the memory of many Martin Schultz , president of European Parliament , visited after receiving Nobel peace prize Anders Behring Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks , sentenced to 21 years in prison
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A five-hour killing rampage in Brazil 's southeastern city of Campinas that left 12 people dead is being investigated amid claims it may have been sparked by the earlier death of a police officer . The 12 victims were gunned down in several separate incidents on the outskirts of the city , in what Brazilian media said appeared to be execution-style killings . Authorities say they are looking into all possibilities , including whether the killings were gang-related . But they also say the timing and location of the shootings add weight to a theory that they were revenge killings carried out by police . The slayings occurred between Sunday night and Monday morning , just hours after an off-duty military police officer , Arides Luiz dos Santos , was killed fighting off an attempted robbery at a gas station . According to Brazilian media , in one of the cases , a car pulled up , its occupants told children to go inside and then opened fire . Hundreds of angry residents took to the streets to protest the killings . They attacked buses , burning three of them . Police have stepped up their presence in Campinas , located about 50 miles northwest of Sao Paulo , to prevent further violence . The latest deadly incidents come as Brazil prepares to host the 2014 World Cup in June . None of the venues for the soccer tournament is in Campinas . However , fans from around the world are expected to flock to nearby Sao Paulo , the country 's financial and business hub . Hooded men Fernando Grella Vieira , the secretary of public safety for Sao Paulo , said Tuesday that the civil and military police "  will not rest " until they have found those responsible for all 13 deaths in Campinas . No possibility is being ruled out during the investigation , he said on a visit to the city . "  These are intolerable crimes and I can guarantee that the police will not rest until we solve these deaths and arrest the perpetrators , " he added . Grella said it was too early to comment on suspicions raised by witnesses of the alleged involvement of military officers in 12 of the killings . But he stressed that he does not tolerate abuse or crimes committed by state agents . Nine of the victims died in two separate incidents , according to the state-run Agencia Brasil . Hooded men reportedly used pistols to shoot the victims , aged between 17 and 30 , in the head . The remaining three were killed in separate attacks , the news agency said . At least six of the victims had a criminal background , with offenses including drug trafficking , murder and auto theft , the news agency cited Licurgo Costa , director of the Judiciary Police department , as saying . Victims ` hit in the head , chest or abdomen ' The chief of the Civil Police 's homicide division , Devanir Dutra , told CNN affiliate TV Globo that the police will take accounts from at least 20 witnesses beginning Wednesday . "  Let 's start with the relatives and friends of the victims , " he said . According to Dutra , two people were injured and remain hospitalized in Campinas . They may be summoned by the police as witnesses . Dutra said that the number of shots fired signaled executions . "  They  the victims  were hit in the head , chest or abdomen , " he said . One hypothesis being examined by the Civil Police is rivalry between drug gangs , he said . CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo and Marilia Brocchetto from Atlanta , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Police "  will not rest " until they find those behind killings in Campinas , official says Authorities are looking into all possibilities , including whether it was a police revenge attack 12 people were shot dead , hours after an off-duty officer was killed in an attempted robbery Angry residents took to the streets and set buses on fire to protest the killings
