Irvine , California  CNN  -- It was n't until Yash Gupta broke his glasses in taekwondo practice that he realized just how much he relied on them . His prescription was so high that he had to wait a week to get a new pair . For Gupta , then a high school freshman , those seven days were a blur . Literally . "  I just could n't see anything , " said Gupta , now 17 . "  I could n't see in the classroom ; I would get easily distracted . ... Just basic stuff I used to do every day , I could n't do . " Gupta 's eyes were also opened to a much larger problem . He saw on the Internet that more than 12 million children worldwide do n't have the corrective eyewear they need  PDF  . "  It 's just a total disadvantage for them , because  if  you ca n't see anything ... you definitely ca n't make the most of the education you 're being given , " he said . "  It would be impossible for them to fully achieve their potential . "  I had this problem for one week , but these kids have these problems for their whole lives . " So at just 14 , Gupta started Sight Learning , an organization that collects used eyeglasses from optometrists and donates them to organizations that can deliver them to children in need . Since 2011 , Gupta has donated 9,500 pairs of glasses , worth nearly $ 500,000 , to young people in Haiti , Honduras , India and Mexico . For Gupta , who has worn glasses since he was 5 years old , the idea of repurposing old eyewear made sense . Most of his family members wear glasses , and just searching his own home yielded instant results . "  I found 10 to 15 pairs just lying around the house in random drawers , " Gupta said . He realized those glasses alone could help 10 or 15 children . So , with help from his father , Gupta set up his organization and approached local optometrists , who agreed to put out drop boxes where patients could donate their used eyeglasses after getting a new pair . "  That first interaction was really promising for me , " he said . "  Some of  the optometrists  already had pairs of glasses that they had just accumulated over the years that they did n't know what to do with . " In the past three years , Gupta has gone on numerous trips to India and Mexico , where he not only provides glasses but also assists the doctors and volunteers at eye clinics . Those who work with him see his age as an asset . "  He works hard and has great initiative , but more importantly , he brings such great energy -- and that sets the tone for everyone , " said Dr. Greg Pearl , president of the California chapter of Volunteer Optometric Services to Humanity . Gupta says that being in the field is the best part of his work . "  That dazed look the first time  children  get glasses , and just seeing that turn into joy and happiness ... it 's just really inspiring , " he said . Gupta knows that the glasses he 's providing can make a big impact . "  A lot of times , these families are in poverty , " he said . "  With a good education , you know , they can get a good job and get a good career . " Helping others motivates Gupta , whose family immigrated to the United States from India when he was just 1 year old . "  We had a really tough time adapting , " Gupta recalled . "  I  am  sympathetic to people who  are  struggling . " Gupta , a senior in high school , helps fund his work by tutoring younger students after school , and he spends about 20 hours a week collecting and shipping the glasses . He plans to continue when he gets to college , and he has his eye on expanding into new territory . "  Right now , we 're partnered with organizations that do international work . But in the future , I 'd like to bring this service to inner cities in the U.S. , " he said . Gupta has gotten a lot of attention for his work , including being honored at a White House event in July . But he says other people his age are also finding ways to give back . "  I think there 's a misconception with our generation , " he said . "  Many of my friends are doing things to improve their communities . "  Kids are passionate and can make a difference . It 's just a matter of finding out what you care about and focusing on that . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Sight Learning website to see how to help .	Yash Gupta , 17 , collects used eyeglasses and donates them to children in need Since 2011 , he has given out 9,500 pairs of glasses worth nearly $ 500,000 Report : More than 12 million children do n't have the corrective eyewear they need
CNN  -- Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer called it the team 's final objective , now the all-conquering German side are within touching distance of their fifth trophy of a remarkable year . With the European Champions League , German Bundesliga , German Cup and European Super Cup titles all secured they now have their sights on the FIFA Club World Cup . The tournament , hosted this year by Morocco , pits the champions of each continent against each other to see who can lay claim to being billed as the best club side in the world . And a comfortable 3-0 victory over Chinese team Guangzhou Evergrande in their semifinal on Tuesday means only Moroccan champions Raja Casablanca , or Brazil 's Atletico Mineiro , can derail the Bayern juggernaut . Bayern 's three goals came in the space of seven minutes . They also hit the woodwork five times during the match . Guangzhou are coached by veteran Italian Marcello Lippi , who led his country to the World Cup in 2006 , and became the first Chinese side to win the Asian Champions League title this year . It meant Lippi , who won Italy 's Serie A five times as a coach , became the first person to win both the European and Asian Champions League titles . But though his side battled hard in the early stages of their glamor tie against Bayern , led by former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , they could n't stem the tide for long . Guardiola , who won 14 trophies in four years at Barca , has continued where his predecessor Jupp Heynckes left off , and once won all six competitions the Catalan giants contested in a single season . It was Franck Ribery who got Bayern off and running , capitalizing on a poor clearance to drive the ball home with 40 minutes gone . The Frenchman is in the running to be crowned the world 's best player , nominated for the Ballon d'Or alongside Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo and Barcelona 's Lionel Messi , and he finished clinically . Just four minutes later Spanish midfielder Thiago Alcantara pinched the ball and crossed for Croatian striker Mario Mandzukic to head home . And three minutes after the break , just as Guangzhou looked to get a foothold in the match , Germany international Mario GÃ ¶ tze 's deflected shot put the result beyond doubt . Bayern will learn who they will face in Sunday 's final when Raja Casablanca take on Atletico Mineiro on Wednesday .	Bayern Munich beat Guangzhou Evergrande 3-0 at the FIFA Club World Cup European champions score three goals in seven minutes against Asian counterparts Bayern going for a fifth trophy in 2013 and will contest the final on Sunday in Morocco Pep Guardiola 's side will now face either Raja Casablanca or Atletico Mineiro
Washington  CNN  -- If Congress has danced at the most perilous edges of brinkmanship , we the people helped push them there . We did it by voting lawmakers out of office when they work with the other party to craft legislation but then claiming we want Congress to compromise and seek bipartisan solutions . We 're doing it by sending to office those who promise to toe the line and continue the partisanship we say we despise . We did it by allowing our state legislatures to draw congressional districts that are so starkly red or blue that there 's little room for any other hue or viewpoint . We did it by congregating in neighborhoods and communities with like-minded people who share our views on politics , religion , and social mores and , as a result , largely electing lawmakers who echo those views . We the people have always tended to live , work , and play with and around people who have similar values . So no matter how many ways you slice many of the nation 's neighborhoods into districts , the outcome is the sameâ $ " homogeny . That 's because you ca n't redistrict social attitudes . "  We the people do bear responsibility , " said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . "  It 's often been said we get the government we deserve . The polarization has come in part because the middle has fallen away and engagement has been left to the far right and far left . " The Gangs of D.C. : The dubious history of the political posse A house divided It was New Year 's Eve , and few in Washington had anything to celebrate . The 112th Congress had spent weeks in an acrimonious fight over reducing deficits and averting the fiscal cliff . The battle ended in a series of late night and early morning votes . In those final votes , the 112th Congress stayed true to the deeply partisan course that had earned it low national approval ratings , the nickname "  do-nothing " and a track record as one of the least effective in recent years . In the House in particular , those votes seemed to reflect the districts those lawmakers represented . The chamber 's Republicans were starkly divided with 85 voting to support the measure and 151 opposing it , according to an analysis by Keith Poole , a political science professor at the University of Georgia . Among Democrats , 172 backed the measure while just 16 were opposed . One congressional delegation 's votes seemed to highlight that divide . Hyper-partisanship dragging down nation In North Carolina , congressional districts are either so red or blue that they trend well above the national average in that regard , said David Wasserman , House of Representatives editor at the Cook Political Report . There are "  diametrically opposed viewpoints just across the highway median from each other , " Wasserman said . As a result , in votes like the fiscal cliff showdown , members of Congress "  are simply responding to what their districts want . " North Carolina 's congressional delegation was nearly evenly split in its fiscal cliff votes . The "  no " votes included Republican Rep. Virginia Foxx , who represents the largely white , rural and GOP-leaning 5th Congressional District , and Democrat Brad Miller . Due to Republican-friendly redistricting of an area that went to Democratic presidential candidates in the last two election cycles , Miller decided not to run for re-election to represent the 13th Congressional District . Those voting for the measure included Democrat Rep. Mel Watt , who represents a largely urban , racially mixed 12th Congressional District , and Democrat Rep. David Price , who represents the state 's more liberal-leaning Research Triangle in the 4th Congressional District . More ` cliffs ' to come in new Congress During 2011 redistricting efforts , North Carolina 's lines had to be redrawn to account for a phenomenon that political and social scientists say deeply affects partisanship â $ " population growth near large metro areas and a move away from rural areas . North Carolina 's redrawn 9th Congressional District 's population , currently represented by Republican Rep. Robert Pittenger , mushroomed by 38 % . Pittenger lost urban Mecklenburg County , which includes Charlotte , to Democrat Jennifer Roberts in the general election . But he won places like more rural Iredell County , which has a NASCAR hub . For several generations , urban areas have tended to trend Democrat while many rural areas have remained Republican strongholds , political demographers say . And the number of swing states , those where a presidential candidate could run a competitive campaign and nab voters on the fence , has decreased dramatically over that same period of time . Even when attempts are made to remove partisanship from the redistricting process , those drawing the lines run up against those types of trends . In California , a citizen-led commission , chosen randomly from a bipartisan pool of applicants , has created some of the most competitive districts in the nation with mixed results . It was hoped that by avoiding the state legislature , the redistricting process could steer clear of the type of partisanship that often marks that process . However , "  Democrats had figured out the map they wanted to end up with and then they went to community groups and made the pitch to get that , " said Douglas Johnson , a fellow at the Rose Institute of State and Local Government at Claremont McKenna College . So a process that was supposed to be random was n't completely . "  It was a huge improvement over the legislature drawing the lines , " Johnson said . "  It did n't measure up to the grand hopes and nirvana dreams of some , but it was an improvement . " Thirteen states have adopted some version of commissions to try to remove politics from redistricting , a task some political scientists and demography experts say is impossible and does n't necessarily result in more balanced districts in this hyper-polarized climate . "  Given the breakdown of traditional institutions and the traditional ways people mix , how do you govern this new country ? " asked Bill Bishop , co-author of "  The Big Sort : Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart . " "  How do you create one country out of a country that is becoming increasingly a collection of communities ? " The house we built Increasingly , people live in communities that are carefully crafted political echo chambers . "  The dirty little secret is that redistricting only explains part of polarization , " Wasserman said . "  Congressional districts are polarized partly because Americans have polarized with their feet . It makes it easier for partisan line drawers to draw those lines . " Every 10 years , just after the U.S. Census is completed , state lawmakers are charged with the task of redrawing and , in some cases , creating congressional districts that take into account population shifts since the last census . It is often a deeply partisan and complicated process in which the party in power usually tries to craft districts that are favorable to them while minimizing the other side 's political heft . A number of states , many of them in the South , with a history of racially discriminatory voting practices , also must get pre-clearance from the Department of Justice before tweaking their voting laws and maps . In several places , efforts to achieve this equity have resulted in odd shaped districts and court challenges . Take for example Watt 's 12th District in North Carolina , a narrow , serpentine strip that nearly dissects the state as it snakes 80 miles along Interstate 85 . The district is considered "  majority minority " and is reliably Democratic . "  In states where Republicans have control , Republicans have been able to use the Voting Rights Act to pack  minorities  into districts so they can win the rest , Wasserman said . But that only explains part of why some districts are so partisan . Across the nation , people are self-sorting into neighborhoods and cities with likeminded peers , political experts and demographers say . "  We do n't think people move to be around others who vote like themselves . They are moving to be around people who are like themselves in every other sort of way , " Bishop said . "  Young white people moved to Austin . Young black people moved to Houston , Atlanta and D.C. Every time we looked at a measure on the country level , differences began to appear , " Bishop said . "  Civic groups became more specialized . Churches began to organize around lifestyles . Lifestyle characteristics began to line up with the vote . " In looking at election data from 1992 , 2000 and 2002 , political scientists Marc Hetherington of Vanderbilt University and Jonathan Weiler of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found that places where spanking is more likely to be used to discipline children tend to lean Republican . Areas where timeouts are the norm tend to trend Democrat . Women in the Northeast who married and started families later in life tended to vote Democrat while their Midwestern peers who got a head start on marriage and family building often voted Republican , Belgian demographer Ron Lesthaeghe found . Five things we learned on Election Night Large numbers of women , minority , gay and young voters helped President Barack Obama clinch his victory in the recent general election . Likewise , a historic number of women and racial minorities were elected to Congress from similarly diverse and largely Democratic states and districts . On the other hand , Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney 's strong performance among many white voters echoes his party 's congressional representation â $ " largely older , white men . During the 2012 election , Obama won technology hub Silicon Valley , continuing a trend of technocrats backing Democrats . But he lost the Deep South , continuing that region 's red streak . All of this self-sorting in tiny towns , urban enclaves and suburbs has had a collective impact on the rarefied and increasingly toxic political climate in Washington these days . The 112th House was roughly 50 % more polarized in terms of makeup than that of the 102nd , which convened from 1991 to 1993 , Poole found in his research . The 112th 's Senate was more polarized than the 46th Senate , which was in office from 1879-1881 , just after the Reconstruction era that followed the Civil War , Poole found . "  This is polarization based on choice and self-selection , " Bishop said . "  Being an adult is accepting lots of different ways of being . We are so unsure of our own identities that we are not as accepting as we could be of people of different identities . In a sense we are getting what we demand from government . We demand our tribe wins . So that 's the fight . It becomes a fight of tribal differences . "	Americans are partly to blame for political partisanship Redistricting is only part of the reason why communities are divided People moving into areas with like minded peers , refusing to hear opposing views complicates issue This self sorting then trickles up to Washington in lawmakers we elect and policies they support
Granbury , Texas  CNN  -- Scores of people stood outside a north Texas church Saturday morning , waiting to be escorted to their neighborhood for the first time since tornadoes devastated it three days earlier . They were n't going to like what they were about to see , Hood County Sheriff Roger Deeds told reporters . "  This is going to be a traumatic day for the residents , " Deeds said . " ... We have clergy  going to the neighborhood with the residents  because it 's going to be a traumatic time when they see their property . " At least 16 tornadoes hit Texas on Wednesday night , according to the National Weather Service . Six people were killed in the Rancho Brazos neighborhood of Granbury , about 30 miles southwest of Fort Worth . A survey team for the National Weather Service concluded that the tornado that descended on this neighborhood was an EF4 -- the second-most severe classification on a scale of zero to five . Three people were taken to a nearby hospital , and 13 others were taken to hospitals in the Dallas-Fort Worth area , authorities have said . Of the 110 houses that stood in Rancho Brazos on Wednesday afternoon , 58 were damaged or destroyed , said Mario Flores , director of disaster-response field operations for Habitat for Humanity , which built 61 homes there . The neighborhood 's estimated 250-300 residents were prohibited from returning until Saturday , because authorities needed to clear debris , Deeds said . Starting Saturday , residents would be able to visit the site on a limited basis -- from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. -- to collect belongings . With no water or electric service in the neighborhood , and generally unsafe conditions , no one is allowed yet to resume living there , even in undamaged buildings , Deeds said . "  We 've got people on scene that are going to help them box things up and get some valuables out of there that they need today , " Deeds said . How to help or find help The Rancho Brazos residents had to obtain permits before being escorted to the neighborhood . Among those waiting in line was a 45-year-old woman who says she and her five children were temporarily trapped in the rubble of their home . Family members , who gave only their last name -- Rodriguez -- said that the woman 's husband dug them out of the debris . They said that they are staying with friends , and have only the clothes on their backs . "  Our neighborhood looked like it had gone through a terrorist attack , " the woman said . Nick Valencia reported from Granbury and Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Authorities escort residents back to hard-hit neighborhood in Granbury , Texas , three days after tornado "  It 's going to be a traumatic time when they see their property , " sheriff says At least 16 tornadoes touched down in the area Wednesday , National Weather Service says Six people were killed in Rancho Brazos neighborhood
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey once dubbed it the "  greatest love story " she had ever heard : a boy held at a Nazi concentration camp during World War II and a girl on the outside who tossed him apples to keep him alive . They eventually married and grew old together . Herman Rosenblat has acknowledged his Holocaust love story is fake : "  I am sorry . " It turns out the story of Herman and Roma Rosenblat is n't true . The two had told their love story for years and years , inspiring a book deal , an upcoming movie , and stories across the globe on television , in papers and on the Internet . A children 's book , "  Angel Girl , " was also based on their love story . When the couple appeared on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " more than a decade ago , the famed host called it "  the single greatest love story in 22 years of doing this show . " Watch how Holocaust love story proves bogus " But over the weekend , Herman Rosenblat issued a statement through his literary agent , Andrea Hurst , acknowledging the story of how he met his wife was made up . "  Why did I do that and write the story with the girl and the apple , because I wanted to bring happiness to people , to remind them not to hate , but to love and tolerate all people . I brought good feelings to a lot of people , and I brought hope to many . My motivation was to make good in this world , " he said in the statement . "  In my dreams , Roma will always throw me an apple , but I now know it is only a dream . " Herman Rosenblat really was in a Nazi concentration camp during World War II -- a subcamp of Buchenwald -- and he really has been married to Roma for decades . Beyond that , the truth is murky . See the true horrors inside Buchenwald concentration camp " Berkley Books immediately canceled publication of Rosenblat 's memoir , "  Angel at the Fence , " which was set to be released in February . "  Berkley will demand that the author and the agent return all money that they have received for this work , " Berkley spokesman Craig Burke said in a statement . A movie version of the Rosenblats ' story -- even though now proven a hoax -- remains in the works . Atlantic Overseas Pictures says the movie is a fictionalized adaptation and that "  the story retains its power to grip audiences worldwide . " Many Holocaust scholars had long cast doubt on the Rosenblats ' story . Professor Ken Waltzer , the director of Michigan State University 's Jewish Studies program , said he began raising questions to the agent and publisher in November , suggesting that the story was fabricated . But he says his numerous queries went unanswered . He says he told the editor that the story is "  at best embellished and perhaps invented . " "  The idea of a prisoner being able autonomously to approach the fence not just once , but every day at the same time , ... none of it seemed plausible , " Waltzer says . "  That fence was right next to the SS barracks , so to go to the fence , which was also punishable by death , was to risk death . " In a letter to "  The New Republic , " which first began questioning the validity of the Rosenblats ' story , Waltzer said he was also disturbed about why few others had come forward to point out holes in the couple 's account . "  Less understandable is the widespread belief in their story -- by the culture makers , including the publisher and movie maker and many thousands of others who have encountered it over a decade , " he said . "  Second , such belief suggests a broad illiteracy about the Holocaust and about experience in the camps -- despite decades of books , serious memoirs , museums , and movies . This shakes this historian up . " "  This memoir was at the far end of implausibility , yet until yesterday , no one connected with packaging , promoting , and disseminating it asked questions about or investigated it . Some actively resisted such investigation and tried to shut mine down . " New Republic special correspondent Gabriel Sherman told CNN another disturbing element is that Herman Rosenblat really is a Holocaust survivor who "  did n't need to embellish his love story , because his own story is so powerful . " Watch Sherman describe the unraveling of the love story " Sherman said Rosenblat was shot during a robbery in the 1990s at his workplace . When he was was in the hospital , Rosenblat said he had a vision from his mother to tell his love story . "  From that moment on , he started telling his story in public , " Sherman said . In his statement released over the weekend , Herman Rosenblat said , "  To all -LSB- who -RSB- supported and believed in me and this story , I am sorry for all I have caused to you and everyone else in the world . " Holocaust scholars say they hope the revelation that the love story is fictitious does n't distract from the reality of the Holocaust , when Nazi Germany killed 6 million Jews . "  On the far extreme , something like this could give fuel to those who are in the business of denying that the Holocaust ever took place , " said David Marwell , director of The Museum of Jewish Heritage . CNN 's John Zarrella and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Herman Rosenblat admits his Holocaust love story is false : "  I am sorry " Book publisher pulls plug on memoir that was to be released in February Scholar says he notified publisher of doubts : "  None of it seemed plausible " Moviemakers say they still plan to release movie , even though story is n't true
CNN  -- Serious crowd trouble has led to Tuesday 's soccer match between Italy and Serbia in Genoa being abandoned after just six minutes . Disturbances in the area of the Marassi stadium where visiting Serbian fans were congregated meant the kick-off had to be delayed by more than 30 minutes . And , when play began , referee Craig Thomson stopped the match after flares were thrown from the same end as the earlier disturbances , with one appearing to strike Italian goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano . Following consultations between European football 's governing body UEFA , Italian and Serbian officials , the players left the pitch , without returning . Italy coach Cesare Prandelli told reporters : "  We 're not playing this game . I have never seen anything like this before . " Before kick-off , three Serb fans climbed onto a security screen and initially refused to get down , while police , firefighters and stewards surrounded the visiting fans as flares and objects were hurled at the Italian fans . The match was a Group C qualifier for the Euro 2012 championships . In the other Group C matches , Slovenia claimed a vital 1-0 win in Estonia to move up to second place in the table , level with Italy who still lead the way on goal difference . Meanwhile , Northern Ireland , who held Italy to a 0-0 draw in Belfast on Friday , needed a late Kyle Lafferty goal to scrape a 1-1 draw in the Faroe Islands . Elsewhere , world and European champions Spain were given a fright by Scotland in Glasgow , eventually securing a thrilling 3-2 Group I victory . A David Villa penalty and an Andres Iniesta goal looked to have given Spain the three points but Steven Naismith and a Gerard Pique own goal gave the Scots hope . However , substitute Fernando Llorente headed home the winner for the visitors with 11 minutes remaining . Spain are three points clear of the Czech Republic , who lie second in the table after a 2-0 win at bottom-of-the-table Liechtenstein . Germany continued their 100 per cent record in Group A with a comfortable 3-0 win at Kazakhstan , who are still pointless after their four matches . After a goalless first half , Joachim Loew 's side made their class tell after the break courtesy of goals from Miroslav Klose , Mario Gomez and Lukas Podolski . Austria are now second in the table on seven points following a remarkable 4-4 draw with Belgium in Brussels . The visitors led 3-2 with three minutes left but Belgium scored two quick-fire goals before an injury time Martin Harnik goal secured the point for Austria . Turkey are a further point behind in third after suffering a shock 1-0 defeat in Azerbaijan , who collected their first victory . Russia lead the way in Group B after an eight-minute Aleksandr Kerzhakov goal gave them a vital win in Macedonia . They lie on nine points , two ahead of Ireland , Armenia and Slovakia who are locked in a three-way tie for second place . Slovakia and Ireland drew 1-1 in Zilina , while Armenia crushed bottom side Andorra 4-0 in Yerevan . France head Group D with nine points from their four games after struggling to a 2-0 win over minnows Luxembourg in Metz . Karim Benzema and Yoann Gourcuff netted for Laurent Blanc 's side , who lead unbeaten Belarus -- 2-0 victors over Albania in Minsk -- by a point . World Cup runners-up Netherlands continue to impress in qualifying and they maintained their 100 per cent Group E record with a stunning 4-1 victory over Sweden in Amsterdam . Klass-Jan Huntelaar and Ibrahim Afellay both scored twice as the Dutch remained three points clear of second-placed Hungary , who needed a goal four minutes into injury time from Balazs Dzsudzsak to claim a 2-1 success in Finland . The remaining group game saw Moldova win 2-0 in San Marino , who remain bottom of the group without a point . Group F remains the tightest of the nine groups with three nations still unbeaten after four rounds of matches . Greece lead the way with eight points after a 2-1 home win over Israel , while Georiga remain third on six points after conceding a late equalizer in a 1-1 draw in Latvia . In Group G , England failed to score for the first time in their revamped Wembley home after being held to a 0-0 draw by table-toppers Montenegro . Both nations remain unbeaten and look to have the group between them . The other match saw Switzerland thrash Wales 4-1 in Basel , with the Welsh bottom of the table without a point from their three matches . Portugal are up to second place in Group H after a 3-1 victory in Iceland , who remain bottom of the table without a point . They trail leaders Norway , who did not play , by two points while Denmark are third after defeating Cyprus 2-0 .	Euro 2012 Group C qualifier between Italy and Serbia abandoned after just six minutes The match in Genoa is called off following serious crowd disturbances Spain , Netherlands and Germany all retain their 100 per cent qualifying records But England lose theirs after being held to a 0-0 home draw with Montenegro
Mitt Romney is in a bind over binders . The Republican presidential nominee is being challenged about the details of hiring women for top government positions when he won election as governor of Massachusetts in 2002 , giving a possible late boost to efforts by President Barack Obama 's campaign to strengthen its support among female voters . Less than three weeks before Election Day , the battle for the women 's vote -- a demographic Obama won easily in 2008 and needs again this year to secure re-election -- appeared to be tightening . Then comments by Romney in Tuesday 's second of three presidential debates raised questions about what actually happened when he was governor and provided an opening for Obama 's team to challenge whether he understands the role of women in the workplace and the economy . Did Romney lose ground with women ? "  I had the chance to pull together a cabinet and all the applicants seemed to be men , " Romney said at the debate in answer to a question about equal pay for women . "  And I went to my staff , and I said , ` How come all the people for these jobs are all men ? ' They said , ` Well , these are the people that have the qualifications . ' And I said , ` Well , gosh , ca n't we find some women that are also qualified ? ' " That led to a "  concerted effort to go out and find women who had backgrounds that could be qualified to become members " of his cabinet , he continued , saying : "  I went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks ? ' And they brought us whole binders full of women . " Romney added that a university study later concluded that Massachusetts under his leadership "  had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America . " The "  binders full of women " reference prompted a huge response on social media , becoming the third-fastest rising Google search during the debate and getting a Twitter hashtag , a series of memes on Tumblr and a Facebook page with more than 8,000 members by Thursday morning . With the attention came attempts by Obama and other Democrats to gain political advantage . "  We do n't have to order up some binders to find qualified , talented , driven young women who can learn and excel , " Obama told a campaign event Thursday in New Hampshire . He quickly pivoted to the first bill he signed into law -- the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act -- by saying he wanted new women graduates "  to receive equal pay for equal work . " On Wednesday , Vice President Joe Biden characterized Romney 's perspective on women as a "  1950s time warp " in keeping with the Obama campaign 's efforts to focus the debate on women 's issues to topics involving personal choice , such as abortion and contraceptives , as well as equal opportunity . At a campaign stop on Thursday in Nevada , Biden repeated his warning that a Romney presidency was certain to bring more conservative Supreme Court justices who would overturn the Roe v. Wade ruling that legalized abortion . A USA Today/Gallup poll of registered voters in 12 swing states found that more women considered abortion the most important election issue over jobs and the economy . Romney 's team frames its pitch to women voters as an economic choice , arguing that high unemployment and sluggish growth under Obama particularly hurt women and families . "  This president has failed America 's women , " Romney told a campaign event Wednesday in Virginia . "  As I go across the country and ask women what can I do to help , what they speak about day in and day out is help me find a good job , or a good job for my spouse . And help my kid , make sure my children have a bright future , better schools and better job opportunities . That 's what the women of America are concerned about and the answers are coming from us and not from Barack Obama . " Asked Thursday about boosting jobs for women , Romney 's running mate -- conservative House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan of Wisconsin -- launched a lengthy response with a succinct summation : "  Get the economy growing . " Obama "  took his eye off the ball of growing the economy , and as a result , the poverty rate among women is at a 17-year high , " Ryan told a campaign event in Florida . "  Over 5 million women have just left the work force . Fewer women are working today than when he took office . And so of the people who have been hit the hardest , it 's women . " Hillary Clinton says no to another run Meanwhile , disputes arose about Romney 's account of what he did in Massachusetts . Jesse Mermell , a Democratic local official in Brookline , Massachusetts , who was executive director of the Massachusetts Women 's Political Caucus from 2004 to 2008 , took exception to Romney 's statement that he initiated the search for qualified women for his cabinet . A program her group oversaw provided Romney 's transition team in 2002 with resumes of qualified women , Mermell told a conference call with reporters Wednesday . "  Mitt Romney did not request those , " Mermell said , explaining that the program called MassGAP approached Romney and his Democratic opponent before the election to get their commitment for hiring women to state positions in proportion to the female population . "  Then after the election , our group approached the Romney transition team with the resumes , or the so-called binders full of women . " She also cited a study that showed Romney initially hired 14 women among 33 appointments to his cabinet -- 42 % of the total -- but by the end of his four-year term , the number of women in his administration was 25 % , lower than the previous or subsequent governors . "  At the time Romney paid lip service to the public about hiring more women in senior positions , and treated it like a quota , " Mermell said . "  But like with so many other things that are Mitt Romney , the facts did not match the rhetoric . " Mermell and Ledbetter , the woman for whom the equal pay legislation was named , told reporters that Ryan voted against the measure and Romney also opposes it . Romney has yet to clearly state his position on the law that strengthens the ability of women to sue employers over unequal pay . David S. Bernstein , a staff writer for the Phoenix in Boston , told CNN on Wednesday that Romney also had issues involving judicial appointees , noting 17 of the first 19 judges he appointed were men . "  After some unfavorable press about that , he began appointing more women , " Bernstein said . By comparison , the Obama White House had women holding just under 40 % of jobs paying $ 75,000 or more in 2011 . Obama also chose women for his two Supreme Court justice appointments -- Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- and made the fair pay act named for Ledbetter his administration 's first new law . Ledbetter said the law bearing her name "  has caused a lot of employers , a lot of large employers , to look at their procedures and their process , and to look at all employees and their staffers to see if everybody 's being treated equitably and fairly . " Republican surrogates for Romney sought to play down the magnitude of the flap over his debate comments . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell told CNN on Thursday that the "  binders full of women " response was good for "  a laugh or two , " but was n't the main issue of what he called "  a serious campaign . " "  Despite all the rhetoric and all the attempts of the Obama administration to separate men from women over social issues -- largely contrived , I think -- what men and women care about in this election is the economy , getting us back to work and getting us out of debt , " McDonnell said . "  Mitt Romney 's point was that he actually affirmatively went out to make sure that he had great , competent , qualified women in his cabinet . " Citing a Gallup poll that showed Romney catching up with Obama among women voters in an aberration from other polling so far , McDonnell said : "  I 'm glad the Obama administration is having fun with it , but the point is that this race is now clearly going in the way of Mitt Romney because he 's a serious candidate . "	Questions arise over Mitt Romney 's account of hiring women in Massachusetts Women voters are a key demographic in the November election President Obama focuses on abortion and equal pay to appeal to women voters Romney and Republicans say Obama 's economic record hurts women
CNN  -- Six people have died in an apparent murder-suicide in Riviera Beach , Florida , police said Monday . A police officer was investigating a suspicious car when he heard shots and saw a man walk out of a home shortly after 2 a.m. ET , according to a statement from the Riviera Beach Police Department . The man shot and killed himself when he spotted the officer , the statement said . Authorities identified him as Patrick Dell , 41 . Inside the house , police found the bodies of the man 's 36-year-old estranged wife , Natasha Whyte Dell , and four of his stepchildren , ranging in age from 10 to 14 , the statement said . A fifth stepchild was hospitalized with a gunshot wound . Two biological children of Dell and his wife , believed to be 1 and 3 , apparently were not hurt . The police statement says that they are being cared for by relatives . Investigators identified the children who were killed as Daniel Barnett , 10 ; Javon Nelson , 11 ; Diane Barnett , 13 and Bryan Barnett , 14 . Grief counselors plan to go to the children 's schools Monday , the police said . "  This is a sad day for Riviera Beach , " Police Chief Clarence Williams said in the statement . "  Many families have been tragically impacted by this unfortunate incident . "  Had it not been for excellent police work , this suspect could have escaped the scene and possibly injured or killed other innocent victims . " Investigators believe "  Dell acted alone , " the police statement said .	A woman and four of her children were shot to death in Florida The woman 's husband shot and killed himself when he saw police , authorities said Four of the man 's stepchildren were killed , and a fifth was wounded Two of his biological children apparently were not hurt
CNN  -- Photographers and artists have a long relationship with art books as vehicles that share their work with audiences beyond the gallery circuit . But do those books have a shelf life beyond their era ? To explore their influence on contemporary artists , photography nonprofit Aperture Foundation asked 10 artists to create new works inspired by a photo book or magazine from the publisher 's backlist . The final "  responses " make up the multimedia exhibit "  Aperture Remix : A 60th Anniversary Celebration " at New York 's Aperture Gallery . The exhibit will travel internationally after the show ends Nov. 17 . Viewers will be able to see the original books and images that inspired the "  interventions , " which come in various forms , from new photo books and video slideshows to a functioning camera made of books . "  We want everyone to be able to look at the original work in its purest form as prints , how they were reproduced in Aperture books and what the artists were able to do with it , " said Lesley Martin , publisher of the Aperture Foundation 's book program and the foundation 's director of content . "  It was a good time in general to look at the way the photo book has an enduring influence that crosses time and geography , " she said . "  We wanted to choose artists who represent how far photography has come in the last 60 years . " Most of the artists worked with Aperture before , allowing them to reflect on their relationships as artists with photo books . "  Photo books are the ultimate collaboration between text and images . It 's a very complete vehicle for anybody who is or is not interested in photography , " said visual artist Vik Muniz , who used "  The Daybooks of Edward Weston , Vol . I , Mexico "  1973  as the inspiration for his Aperture piece . Fine art photography : When ` reality is n't good enough ' Muniz , who is known for recreating iconic images with unconventional materials , like syrup and peanut butter , seemed like a natural fit for the project , Martin said . He was the subject of the award-winning documentary "  Waste Land , " which follows the development of his 2008 series of photographic portraits made from trash . For his piece , Muniz wanted to use an Aperture title that he felt exemplified the connection between text and images . He chose a collection of American photographer Edward Weston 's journal entries in the 1920s and 1930s , a time of personal and professional transformation for the iconic American photographer . "  I chose it because it was written by a photographer , and it tells a beautiful story in a very personal way , " Muniz said . "  He 's talking about his feelings and has a very interesting way of looking at how the entire creative process took place in the time it did , not to mention it 's a very romantic book . " While the book itself is a 310-page novel that 's light on images , Muniz sought to "  create a sort of image that would be emblematic of the whole experience of reading the book . " Using torn up pages from a first edition copy of "  Daybooks " as source material , he pieces together a photographic collage of Weston 's lover , Italian photographer Tina Modotti . Purists might call it desecration of a vintage novel , but he sees it as a recreation of a beloved story . "  Most of my work is about emphasizing the bits and parts , the mechanisms and gears that make an image work , " he said . "  We all take bits and pieces of books when we read them in a way that we can never look at a book in the same way , " he said . "  The words in the book will survive because they 're proven to have historical value , but the material has transcended mechanism into something else . " Penelope Umbrico approached the entire canon of "  Masters of Photography " as a singular project in her search for images of mountains . Using her iPhone , she photographed and processed images by Wynn Bullock , Henri Cartier-Bresson , Roger Fenton and Eikoh Hosoe , among others , through a series of camera apps to create 87 "  reimagined " images as a way of transforming a  mostly  stable landscape feature into a "  disorienting , unstable condition , " she said . The notion of instability also applies to photography as a medium whose nature is constantly being changed by technology , she said . "  I wondered if there was a correlation between the medium becoming so unstable and idea of a mountain as the most stable object on the planet , " she said . "  I thought it would be interesting to take a look at that with a device that 's changing our day-to-day lives . " She downloaded seven or eight apps onto her iPhone but ended up using the same four most often  Lo-mob , Pictureshow , Plastic Bullet and Hipstamatic  for the "  disorienting " effects of their filters , creating a candy-colored assortment of images . The resulting project , "  Moving Mountains , " has three components on display . One is an array of framed images of different sizes arranged on a wall "  in an odd block , " she said . She also produced a video slideshow and a photo book that she likens to a "  replica " of the "  Masters of Photography " book with mountains . Photography has been at the forefront of the "  remix culture " within art and music in the past century , she said . From pop art photo collages to Photoshop and smartphone apps , the evolution of photography has led the way for bigger cultural shifts . "  The idea of intervention and remix is relevant to what 's been happening in the last 10-15 years , where we have a kind of remix culture of things being collected and mashed up , " she said . "  It 's in the air . It makes sense for Aperture to do this for its 60th anniversary . "	Aperture asks 10 artists to create new works inspired by images from its backlist Finished works used in Aperture 's 60th anniversary multimedia exhibit Reinterpreted works take various forms : photo books , video slideshows
CNN  -- Italian footballer Piermario Morosini has died after collapsing during a Serie B match at Pescara on Saturday , according to Italian media reports . The 25-year-old collapsed after suffering a heart attack during the first half of the game of the match between Pescara and Livorno in Italian football 's second division . He was treated on the pitch before being rushed by ambulance to Pescara 's Civile Santo Spirito hospital but was later pronounced dead . A statement on the official Serie A web site said : "  The world of soccer is in mourning for the tragedy that took place this afternoon in Pescara , where during a match between the home team and Livorno , the soccer player Piermario Morosini collapsed on the ground  struck down  by a heart attack . "  The young midfield player came under pharmacological coma , but he died around 17:00 . " Morosini , a former Italy under-21 international , was on loan at Livorno from Serie A side Udinese . The match was immediately abandoned and the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  announced a short time later that all football fixtures this weekend have been canceled . Inter Milan captain , Javier Zanetti , who learned of the news as his team were preparing for their Serie A fixture against Udinese , said the whole team was shocked by the news . "  We 're all deeply dismayed and very sorry , " Zanetti said in a statement published on Inter 's web site . "  It is hard to believe what has happened and of course it was right to postpone all league games . My thoughts and those of all my teammates go out to all his family , " Zanetti added . Fellow professionals have also taken to Twitter to express their sadness at the player 's passing . Manchester City 's Argentine international Sergio Aguero said : "  Livorno Piermario Morosini 's passing is a great blow to everyone . It 's a sad day for me as well . My condolences to his family . " While Wesley Sniejder of Inter Milan wrote : "  Rest in peace Piermario Morosini , riposa in pace ... " Morosini 's death comes just under a month after English Premier League player Fabrice Muamba collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup match between Bolton Wanderers and Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on March 17 . The 24-year-old 's heart stopped for 78 minutes as doctors struggled to keep him alive at the stadium and then later at the London Chest Hospital on March 17 . The Bolton midfielder has since made a remarkable recovery .	Ex-Italy under-21 player Piermario Morosini dies after collapsing during Serie B match The 25-year-old suffered a heart attack during first half of game against Pescara
Editor 's note : Jane Velez-Mitchell hosts "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , " a topical event-driven show with a wide range of viewpoints that airs every night at 7 p.m. ET on HLN . New York  HLN  -- It 's racing season in America ! The Kentucky Derby is this weekend . Then it 's the Preakness and the Belmont Stakes . Get out the fancy party hats and pop the champagne ! But it 's not a cause for celebration for America 's horses . These magnificent , yet voiceless , creatures can not tell you about the exploitation underlying America 's racing industry . Where do thoroughbreds go after they lose one too many races , throw one too many riders or develop a limp ? Many thousands of thoroughbreds end up being slaughtered for horse meat . The unpleasant truth is horse meat is eaten in Europe and Asia . Despite the myth that they end up knee-deep in grass on some idyllic farm , the reality is that horses are very expensive to keep . When they outlive their usefulness , they often are sent on a hellish journey that ends in a slaughterhouse . Toward the end of the line , these horses are sold priced per pound . I know . I 've bought perfectly healthy horses for a couple of hundred dollars just as they were about to be loaded on a slaughterhouse-bound truck . The fortunate few end up at a sanctuary . The others are bought at auction , end up in overloaded trailers and travel thousands of miles without food or water to the slaughter plant . Some are dead on arrival . According to the Humane Society of the United States  HSUS  , tens of thousands of live horses are transported every year across the border to slaughterhouses in Mexico and Canada . Part of the problem is that the horse racing industry breeds for perfection . For every stallion or mare that looks like a winner , an untold number of foals get left in the dust . As the saying goes , they ca n't all be winners ... and they ca n't all be riding or school horses either . There is a severe horse overpopulation crisis caused by overbreeding in the racing industry . It 's time for that industry to accept responsibility for its castoffs and take dramatic action to protect a species that has so loyally served humankind . They 've got the money to create enough retirement homes to accommodate all the horses that pass through their gates . Horse lovers won a huge victory when America 's foreign-owned horse slaughterhouses were shut down several years ago . Before that , the HSUS estimates 100,000 horses were being slaughtered every year in America . Ever since , horse slaughter proponents have aggressively campaigned to reopen such plants , despite public revulsion . For too long , Congress has been mulling over a Horse Slaughter Prohibition bill  H.R. 503  that would "  prohibit the shipping , transporting , moving , delivering , receiving , possessing , purchasing , selling , or donation of horses and other equines to be slaughtered for human consumption , and for other purposes . " This bill passed in the House of Representatives in 2006 , but languished in the Senate . It 's time for compassionate Americans to send a wake-up call to their members of Congress and demand passage of legislation to end the wholesale slaughter of America 's horses once and for all . Then , the racing industry will be forced to do something about its addiction to breeding . The time to be oh-so-polite about the industry 's dirty little secret is over . This secret is out of the gate . Now , the race to end the cruelty must begin in earnest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell wants to save all horses in U.S. from slaughterhouse She says the racing industry is creating an overbreeding crisis She urges people to contact their representatives to demand action on bill
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has seen the first preliminary signs that Russian forces may be preparing to move away from Ukraine 's eastern border , a U.S. defense official told CNN on Wednesday . "  There is some evidence of preparations for potential movement , " the official said . "  At a few locations , there is evidence of troops packing up , but nothing has moved yet . " The official declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information . The official also declined to specify the locations and emphasized that actual movement has not yet occurred . This latest assessment was made days after Russia formally announced it had ordered its troops off the border . And it comes ahead of Ukraine 's presidential election scheduled for Sunday . The United States has estimated that 40,000 troops were on the border . Ever since the latest announcement , the United States has been watching for signs of movement to show up in satellite imagery from the area . Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered tens of thousands of troops near the Ukraine border to return to their bases , his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Monday . The withdrawal has started , he said , and could take some time to finish . But despite Moscow 's assertion , there were no signs of the troops ' withdrawal , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said hours later . The United States , which along with other Western countries has sanctioned Russia for its disputed takeover of Crimea , has threatened additional punishment for Russia if it fails to pull its troops back from the border . Putin : ` Our troops are no longer on the border ' On Wednesday , Putin said that "  our troops are no longer on the border , " the Kremlin website said . The President made the remarks during a trip to Shanghai , China , it said . "  They really were quite close to the border and you certainly heard about that . A while back I gave the command to the Ministry of Defence to withdraw them to their training grounds . They are also located in the adjacent regions , in Rostov region , nearby . But now the Ministry of Defence received another instruction . To withdraw them even from these training grounds , " he said . Putin said the upcoming elections factored into his decision . "  I would like to stress again it is done not because we are embarrassed to keep our troops there -- we are a sovereign state and we keep our troops where we want to -- but to be able to set up extra favorable conditions around the coming presidential elections in Ukraine . To avoid any speculation about that , such a decision was made , " he said , according to the website . Detained journalist freed A journalist detained Tuesday in Ukraine was freed Wednesday , according to his Twitter account . The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry confirmed to CNN that Russia Today journalist Graham Phillips had been detained and turned in to the Security Service of Ukraine . He sent a series of tweets Wednesday saying he had been freed and describing his detention . "  All my work in order , no charges , no deportation , no one laid a hand on me in anger , Ukrainian authorities treated me fairly . All ok , " he tweeted . He thanked the British Embassy for its help in his case . The exact circumstances of his detention were not immediately clear , but RT.com said he had been arrested at a checkpoint in Mariupol . In the tweets before his detention , Phillips described a secret interview at the city morgue . Ukraine 's ` Chocolate King ' aims for top job Who 's in charge here ? In one eastern Ukrainian city , answer is n't clear CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard , Olga Pavlova , Victoria Butenko and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia Today journalist announces his detention is over , says he was treated well "  Our troops are no longer on the border , " Russian President Vladimir Putin says U.S. official : "  There is some evidence of preparations for potential movement " Ukraine 's presidential election is set for Sunday
HAMILTON , Bermuda  CNN  -- The Obama administration 's agreement with Bermuda to settle four Uyghurs from Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , was causing a rift Friday between the United States and its strongest ally , Britain . Bermuda 's premier , Ewart Brown , calls accepting the four Uyghurs from Guantanamo Bay "  a humanitarian act . " Also Friday , the U.S. Justice Department announced five other Guantanamo detainees -- one from Iraq and one from Chad and three from Saudi Arabia -- had been transferred to their home countries . Iraqi national Jawad Jabber Sadkhan was sent to Iraq on Thursday night , and Chadian national Mohammed El Gharani went to Chad early Friday , the department said . The Saudi men are expected to be taken to a re-education center where previous Guantanamo detainees have been held , one U.S. official said . Watch rare interview with the ex-detainees " The men were identified as Khalid Saad Mohammed , Abdalaziz Kareem Salem al Noofayaee and Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair . The transfer of the prisoners brings to 10 the number of prisoners who have been removed from the U.S. military prison in recent days , as the Obama administration attempts to move toward closure of the facility by January . A UK official familiar with the agreement on the Uyghurs but not authorized to speak publicly told CNN the United States informed the British government of the agreement "  shortly before the deal was concluded . " The official said , "  We feel we should have been consulted " before the deal was struck between the United States and the British "  overseas territory . " A U.S. official , on background , said the British feel blindsided . Bermuda 's government said Thursday the four had been resettled in Bermuda . "  Above all , this was a humanitarian act , " Bermudian Premier Ewart Brown said . Bermuda 's opposition party has called for a no-confidence vote in the House of Assembly , which could lead to Brown 's ouster . The vote was tabled until next week . On the issue of the Uyghurs , the British official said that by law Bermuda decides many day-to-day issues , and "  it seems to have been a decision Bermudian authorities made based on their immigration responsibility . " However , the British government is responsible for decisions on defense and foreign policy . Bermuda "  should have consulted the UK government , " he said . With the Uyghurs already in Bermuda without travel documents , the UK is helping the Bermudian government carry out a security assessment , he said . U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said , "  We understand that there are some concerns about some of the details of the resettlement , and we 're confident that we can work these things through with the government of the UK . " "  I do n't think we bypassed anyone , " Kelly added . The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year , according to a U.S. Justice Department statement . They were among 17 Uyghur detainees at the facility set up to hold terror suspects . The four flew by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda , accompanied by U.S. and Bermudian representatives as well as their attorneys , according to Susan Baker Manning , part of the men 's legal team . The men , who are staying in an apartment , were free to roam about the island . They ca n't leave the country because they have no passports . President Obama has pledged to close the Guantanamo facility , raising questions of what will happen to the more than 200 remaining detainees . A political backlash against bringing detainees to the United States has increased the focus on sending them to other countries . The Justice Department on Friday said the two detainees from Chad and Iraq were approved for transfer after the Guantanamo Review Task Force looked at their cases . A federal court also ordered the U.S. government in January to take all necessary and appropriate steps to facilitate the Chadian national 's release . "  As our review of detainees continues , the support of the international community is critical to the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and the security of our country , " said Matthew Olsen , executive director of the task force . "  We are grateful for the cooperation of the governments of Iraq and Chad and for their assistance on the successful transfer of these individuals . " Since 2002 , more than 540 detainees have departed Guantanamo for other countries , including Albania , Algeria , Afghanistan , Australia , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Belgium , Denmark , Egypt , France , Iran , Iraq , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Libya , Maldives , Mauritania , Morocco , Pakistan , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Sudan , Tajikistan , Turkey , Uganda , the United Kingdom and Yemen , the Justice Department said . Brown , Bermuda 's premier , said he had read a Washington Post article on the issue of the Guantanamo Bay detainees ' fates while in the United States for a White House meeting in May and decided to put an offer to the U.S. government "  on the table . " He said Bermuda , a British colony , told the UK of its intentions , but not until late in the process . Britain must approve the transfer for it to be permanent , Brown said , adding that he believed the issue might raise tension between Bermuda and Britain . The issue is controversial because of China 's opposition to the Uyghurs being sent to any country but China . Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far-west China . The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan , where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government , the Justice Department said in its statement . They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 , and were apprehended in Pakistan , the statement said . "  According to available information , these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States , " the statement said . Manning said the 17 were picked up as a matter of circumstance and never had terrorist training . They left China because they did not agree with the government , she said . However , China alleges the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region . East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang . China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere . The Chinese statement followed an offer by Palau , a Pacific island nation , to accept Uyghur detainees . The Xinjiang region of 20 million people is largely populated by ethnic Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities who have traditionally opposed Beijing 's rule and clamored for greater autonomy . A senior U.S. administration official said the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the matter of the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees . Issues to be worked out include how to transfer the Uyghurs to Palau and how much money the United States would give the men for resettlement , the official said . The official said the average in such cases is $ 100,000 per person . The United States wo n't send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that Chinese authorities would torture them . China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured . Palau said it will take in the ethnic Uyghur detainees for humanitarian reasons and because of the "  special relationship " between Palau and the United States . Palau , with a population of about 20,000 , is about 1,000 miles  1,600 kilometers  southeast of Manila , Philippines , and about 4,600 miles  7,400 kilometers  west of Hawaii . It has received nearly $ 900 million in U.S. aid since independence in 1994 , according to congressional auditors , and depends on Washington for its defense . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Four Uyghurs free to roam about Bermuda but do n't have passports to leave Briton : "  We feel we should have been consulted " before deal with "  overseas territory " U.S. State Department official : "  I do n't think we bypassed anyone " U.S. transfers five others from Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , back to home countries
CNN  -- I was born in Ethiopia , raised in Oklahoma and Colorado , and ended up in Brooklyn , New York . Coming to America from Ethiopia , a place where black and white were only colors that had little to do with race , I had to learn English , and also the language of identity . In America , I was black . So when some online commenters questioned whether Boston Marathon winner and Eritrean-American Meb Keflezighi is truly "  American , " it reminded me of my own experience as an immigrant who became a naturalized American citizen and embraced a new identity . My parents , two brothers and I had an incredible life in Ethiopia . We always had the newest toys and clothes from my father 's frequent work-related trips abroad . There were lots of friends and just as much family . Life was very communal , much like our style of eating . Of course , Ethiopia was not perfect , but it was all that I knew . My well-traveled parents wanted to grant my brothers and I the opportunities that America offered . Movies shaped my brothers ' and my perception of America . As far as I was concerned , everyone lived in massive homes , owned multiple cars and was generally happier . The movie "  Coming to America " stunned me the most . The images of homeless people and the rundown apartment occupied by the characters played by Eddie Murphy and Arsenio Hall contradicted the America of my imagination . In the weeks before leaving Ethiopia , my older brother Yoseph and I used to stay up late talking about how a group of welcoming American friends , a brand new American car and a huge American house would soon be ours . But landing in Oklahoma City , our expectations soon dissipated . From the thick , humid air that permeates Oklahoma in August to the instant feeling of being an outsider , we began to breathe less easy . In my fourth grade class , my peers were not as curious about me as I was about them . They avoided me and teased me for being African . I mostly attributed my peers ' distaste for me to my country of origin , until the day my older brother Yoseph came home from school after getting into a fight with a boy . The boy had called him a "  nigger . " I soon realized it was n't just because of our funny accents or nationality that people treated us differently . In America , we were seen as "  black . " I became painfully aware of my brown skin , my unruly hair , and the disapproving looks directed my way . And so my introduction to American culture began . By the time my family moved to Colorado , the outsized expectations of America were a distant memory . I felt I had a better grasp of American culture and my new black identity . My English was fluent , without a trace of an accent ; it allowed me to socialize with less reluctance . I quickly made friends at my junior high school and became involved in extracurricular activities . I found comfort in having friends that looked like me . By the time I was a teenager , working weekends serving meals at a retirement home , I learned the difference between subtle and overt racism . There was a man there who refused to speak to me , let me take his order , or even look me in the eyes because I was black . It was understood that only my white co-workers would interact with him . The people I was close to would praise me by saying how well my parents raised me , and told me : "  You 're not like the rest of them . You 're different . " I almost thought that they said these things as a compliment . But I understood they were making an exception for me , in order to maintain their bigoted views of black and brown people . Because I defied the scope of their prejudice , I had to be unique . This infuriated me . I tried to take off-the-cuff comments from the elderly with a grain of salt . After all , they are from a different time period , when those sentiments were expected and accepted . But it was when I heard my peers say , "  You 're not really black . You do n't even act black , " that I realized just how much the perceived singularity of the black identity transcends generations , age and gender . This made me embrace my "  blackness " more passionately , and I began to identify more as "  black " than Ethiopian . I was n't quite Ethiopian enough for some of my Ethiopian friends who were convinced moving to the U.S. at such a young age caused me to lose some legitimacy . My vivid memories of Ethiopia and ability to speak my native language did n't cement my "  Ethiopian-ness " to some . And I did not live up to my American peers ' expectations of being African-American either , even after becoming a naturalized citizen . So there I was , the president of the Ethiopian Students Association , a member of the Black Student Alliance , and the founder of United Women of Color at Colorado State University . I became quite the skilled juggler . But it was exhausting . Tired of the balancing act , I began to care less and less about others ' perceptions of me . Eventually , I became proud of not fitting neatly into someone else 's definition of being black or Ethiopian . When I moved to New York , I felt at home , and met people with a similar understanding of black identity -- one that was varied and nuanced . They were more interested in having conversations about my experiences , and less interested in my color . I no longer felt the weight of defending all of the different aspects of my identity to everyone . But there is one thing about the black identity that remains constant : the complexities of the individual experiences that inform our identity . Yes , I am black . I am Ethiopian . I am American . I am also a journalist , a filmmaker , a sister , a daughter , a friend , an avid traveler and a woman who is constantly growing and evolving . There is no doubt that my experiences , at times turbulent , have contributed to my racial identity . But my identity is never static . Instead , it remains fluid . The reality is that my story is not singular simply because I was born abroad . It is distinctive in the way that each of us , as individuals , is distinct . And so are our identities . So when people say I am not "  really black " or that Meb Keflezighi is not "  really American , " I 'd invite them to run a mile in each of our shoes -- to see what we 've gone through to become as uniquely American as anyone .	Some have said Boston Marathon winner Meb Keflezighi is not truly American Haimy Assefa writes that she faced similar questions of her identity when she arrived from Ethiopia "  I am black . I am Ethiopian . I am American , " author writes
CNN  -- The World Health Organization vowed Saturday to make public a full review of its response to the deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa once the crisis is under control . But the United Nations health agency , which is among those leading the battle against a scourge that has claimed more than 4,500 lives in West Africa , declined to comment on a scathing internal document , cited in an Associated Press report , describing its response as botched and riddled with incompetence . "  Nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall , " WHO said in the document , according to the Associated Press . "  A perfect storm was brewing , ready to burst open in full force . " WHO called the leaked document a first draft that had not been fact-checked or reviewed by its staff as part of its continuing review of the response . "  We can not divert our limited resources from the urgent response to do a detailed analysis of the past response , " WHO said in a statement . "  That review will come , but only after this outbreak is over . " A timeline of the outbreak showed that WHO missed opportunities to stop the spread of the disease after it was first diagnosed in West Africa , the Associated Press reported . The document also said WHO experts failed to recognize that traditional containment methods would n't work in the region . The leaked document said that Dr. Bruce Aylward , normally in charge of polio eradication , alerted WHO Director-General Margaret Chan via email in June that national health organizations and charities believed the U.N. agency was "  compromising rather than aiding " the Ebola response . "  None of the news about WHO 's performance is good , " Aylward wrote , according to the Associated Press . According to the WHO , there have been more than 9,200 confirmed , probable or suspected Ebola cases since the outbreak began months ago , with more than 4,500 deaths . Those figures -- documenting cases in Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States -- likely underestimate the impact , since many cases were never diagnosed , especially in locales that are more remote , do not have a vibrant health care system or do have stigmas that may have led some not to seek treatment . And , authorities warn , it could get exponentially worse if the world does n't step up . Opinion : Where 's the empathy for Ebola 's African victims ? Appeals for countries to do more in Ebola fight This response goes well beyond the World Health Organization . The United Nations last month appealed to countries to contribute $ 1 billion toward corralling the outbreak in West Africa . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that only one-third of that figure has been raised . Without a concerted effort by the international community , Kerry said , "  Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio that we will end up fighting -- all of us -- for decades . " The secretary made the remarks to a room of foreign ambassadors at the State Department in Washington . He called on them to use their influence to bring stronger commitments to the Ebola fight , which has plagued Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia , and has spread as far as the United States and Europe . Despite the political differences between Cuba and the United States , the Caribbean island has also joined the fight against the deadly virus . In an editorial published on Saturday , former leader Fidel Castro said he would "  gladly cooperate with American personnel on this task . " "  We understand that in carrying out this task with the maximum preparation and efficiency , we will be protecting our people , and our brothers in the Caribbean and Latin America , and prevent its spread , which sadly has been introduced and could spread further in the United States , which has so many personal links and interchanges it maintains with the rest of the world , " said Castro in Granma , the official newspaper of the central committee of the Cuban Communist Party . Castro also emphasized this is "  not in search of peace between the two countries that have been adversaries for so many years , but , in any case , for world peace , an objective that can and should be sought . " On Saturday , British Prime Minister David Cameron joined those appealing for aid in urging the European Union to invest 1 billion Euros  $ 1.3 billion  and send 2,000 aid workers to fight it . Canada contributed not money , but potentially life-saving medicine , to the cause on Saturday . Its Public Health Agency announced it will ship 800 vials of an experimental Ebola vaccine to the WHO in Geneva beginning Monday . "  Our nation did n't waste a minute to respond to international organizations ' call for help to fight against the brutal epidemic unfolding in West Africa . " "  We understand that in carrying out this task with the maximum preparation and efficiency , we will be protecting our people , and our brothers in the Caribbean and Latin America , and prevent its spread , which sadly has been introduced and could spread further in the United States , which has so many personal links and interchanges it maintains with the rest of the world . We will gladly cooperate with American personnel on this task , and not in search of peace between the two countries that have been adversaries for so many years , but , in any case , for world peace , an objective that can and should be sought . " The results of clinical trials for the vaccine , which started at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Maryland this month , are expected in December . The vaccine showed promising results in animal research , the agency said . Germ-zapping robot sets its sights on Ebola France starts screening passengers on Guinea flight Other countries , meanwhile , are focusing on combating or preventing Ebola within its border . This includes the United States -- which has seen a handful of cases , including one that ended in the death of Thomas Eric Duncan . Fears of an outbreak there led President Barack Obama to appoint an "  Ebola czar . " Ron Klain is a former chief of staff to Vice President Joe Biden and former Vice President Al Gore . France began screening air passengers , on the single daily flight arriving from Guinea , for symptoms of Ebola . Passengers were given forms to fill out and had their temperatures checked . In Spain , a nurse 's assistant who contracted Ebola after caring for a missionary with the virus is being treated at the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid . Teresa Romero Ramos helped treat one of two Spanish missionaries who were brought to the hospital after becoming infected in West Africa . Both missionaries eventually died at the hospital . A special committee set up by the Spanish government to handle the outbreak said 87 people were being monitored for Ebola in Spain . Of those , 67 were at home under observation and have not displayed symptoms . At Carlos III Hospital , two patients with symptoms were being monitored along with 15 others who have not displayed any symptoms . In the Canary Islands , three other people were under observation . Romero was the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa in the current outbreak . Another Spanish missionary , who had returned from Liberia last week and was being monitored , has been released from the Carlos III Hospital , the special committee said Saturday . After the preliminary Ebola test came back negative earlier this week , the second test on the missionary also came back negative , a hospital source with direct knowledge said . Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Greg Botelho and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Cuba 's Castro : "  We will gladly cooperate with American personnel on this task " World Health Organization declines comment on scathing internal document on Ebola response Agency 's response was botched and riddled with incompetence , document says Spain has 87 under observation , including two with symptoms at Madrid hospital
To those who study or even practiced espionage , U.S. spying on allies is hardly new . Friendly nations spy on one another , if only for this reality : a friend today may not be a friend tomorrow , experts say . "  Even among friends , a lot of espionage takes place , and some of that espionage is targeted against threats to national security , " said Charles Kupchan , international affairs professor at Georgetown University and a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  Then there is more mundane day-to-day intelligence gathering , which is focusing on intelligence that would be relevant to American statecraft : who is likely to be the next foreign minister , what 's Germany 's position on negotiations with Iran ? " Kupchan said . The mutual spying is "  common knowledge " among practitioners and scholars , sometimes confirmed years later with a disclosure , Kupchan said . "  It 's been going on for centuries , " he said . Embassies can be an arm of such espionage . Countries allow the missions to exchange information formally but they 're used to gather intelligence covertly , too , said Peter Earnest , who worked for the CIA for 36 years , including about 25 years in the agency 's clandestine service . "  I think there 's a degree of hypocrisy among the Europeans to say , ` Oh , my gosh , the Americans are spying ! ' Well , so are they , " said Earnest , the founding executive director of the International Spy Museum in Washington . EU delegation meeting at White House over NSA spying concerns The former spy was referring to the uproar across Europe in the wake of news accounts that the U.S. National Security Administration has been spying on the continent : on German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's official cellphone ; on millions of France 's phone calls ; and on millions of Spain 's phone calls and its politicians and officials . The NSA also has eavesdropped on the Mexican government and hacked the public e-mail account of former President Felipe Calderon and his presidency 's e-mail domain that also was used by Cabinet members , according to German news magazine Der Spiegel . Most of the news accounts are relying on documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Glaring spotlight on intelligence committee "  It 's the leak that keeps on giving on damage , " Earnest said . "  I 'm glad I 'm not in the community right now . It must be a nightmare . " He retired from the Central Intelligence Agency in 1994 . In describing the espionage among friends , Earnest referred to a famous quote by 19th century British statesman Henry Temple , or Lord Palmerston , who stated in Parliament : "  We have no eternal allies and we have no perpetual enemies . Our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow . " Before Congress on Tuesday , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper acknowledged as a "  fundamental given " that the United States gathers intelligence on foreign leaders . When asked by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers whether U.S. allies spy against U.S. leaders , Clapper replied : "  Absolutely . " "  We do not spy on anyone except for valid foreign intelligence purposes and we only work within the law . Now , to be sure , on occasion , we 've made mistakes -- some quite significant , " Clapper told the House committee reviewing the agency 's surveillance activities . Clapper has worked in intelligence services for 50 years . In other testimony to the committee , Army Gen. Keith Alexander , director of the NSA , said media outlets misinterpreted the leaked documents . Some of the metadata on phones calls in ally countries came from those countries , and the remaining metadata was collected legally by the NSA , he said . NSA chief : Reports U.S. collected calls , e-mails from allies ` completely false ' Historians readily cite instances of U.S. spying on allies , including bugging of conversations in San Francisco , where the United Nations charter was drawn up in 1945 , said David Barrett , a political science professor at Villanova University who has written about U.S. intelligence history . "  I have to say I 'm not very surprised , " Barrett said of U.S. surveillance on friends . ` Horrified by what they had learned ' During the Cold War in 1960 , two NSA employees , William Martin and Bernon Mitchell , defected to the Soviet Union and publicly revealed how the United States was spying on not just rivals , but allies , too . The NSA employees were like Snowden in that they became dismayed to learn of such spying , Barrett said . Snowden is now residing in Russia under political asylum . "  There was a lot in common between them and Edward Snowden . They were horrified by what they learned . To me , they 're arrogant . And they wanted to do something about it , and so they released information , " Barrett said . Former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney spoke in general terms about American spying prowess , noting how the nation enjoys "  a fantastic intelligence capability worldwide against all kinds of potential issues and concerns , " especially in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  The fact is , we do collect a lot of intelligence , without speaking about any particular target or group of targets , " Cheney told CNN . "  That intelligence capability is enormously important to the United States , to our conduct of foreign policy , to the defense matters , to economic matters . And I 'm a strong supporter of it . " Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims On the matter of national economies , experts agreed that intelligence agencies also examine an ally 's commerce and industry . "  If the French were to be gathering intelligence in the United States , it 's not that they were anticipating an American invasion in Normandy . It 's to gather intelligence on American politics , maybe to do a little industrial espionage , " Kupchan said . "  It 's standard fare for intelligence agencies to do these type of things . That 's why they 're there . That 's their raison d'etre . " One U.S. analyst had a blunt message for friends in Europe and elsewhere . "  I have a word of advice for American allies outraged by alleged NSA spying on their leaders : Grow up . That means you Germany . You , too , France . And you , Brazil . Mexico , too . Also the EU and the UN , " blogged Max Boot in Commentary , referring in the two latter instances to the European Union and United Nations . "  Does the NSA spy on your leaders ? Probably . Do you spy on leaders of allied states including the United States ? Probably . You just do n't have the resources or capability to spy as effectively as the NSA does . But if you did , you would . " ' I think that seems unseemly ' But two Republican senators deemed the ongoing U.S. spying on allies wrong . "  To me from where I sit , it does n't seem like a good idea or it does n't seem to advance diplomacy for us to be spying on our allies particularly the personal phone of the president of Germany for 10 years . I think that seems unseemly . That goes against having relations with your allies , " said Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she knew of "  no justification for the administration 's collection of intelligence on the leaders of our closest allies , " such as Merkel . She planned to tell the German ambassador this week of "  my belief that it was wrong for the Administration to engage in monitoring of the Chancellor 's telephone calls , " she said in a statement . The consequences of getting caught are possibly severe . Exacerbating allies ' outrage is a backdrop of European disappointment about the perceived lack of progress by President Barack Obama 's administration on closing the Guantanamo Bay terrorist detention facility and on the use of deadly drone strikes in Pakistan and elsewhere , experts say . The unfolding political firestorm is now "  sufficiently intense to force the United States to respond in more than a symbolic way , " Kupchan said . Congress and the White House are expected to reform intelligence gathering , forge a new code of conduct when spying on friends , and impose greater transparency and oversight on the NSA , experts say . Key European partners are expected to be part of the conversation about the new conduct code , and separately , the European Union could tighten its own privacy laws , restricting the sharing of certain kinds of information with the United States , Kupchan said . What surprises historians such as Barrett is how American public opinion now disapproves of U.S. spying on allies . After the September 11 attacks , Americans held "  a strong view that we have to do everything " in intelligence gathering , a mood that also enabled the passage of the landmark anti-terror Patriot Act , Barrett said . "  Now I think that attitude no longer prevails , " Barrett said this week . "  If anything surprises me , it 's that people seem to be so shocked and appalled " by the spying on friends , he said .	Allies spying on one another has "  been going on for centuries , " professor says Europeans are hypocritical about U.S. spying on allies because they do it , too , analysts say Ex-spy cites famous quote on how there are no permanent friends or enemies -- just interests What 's surprising is how U.S. mood now disapproves of such spying , professor says
Beijing  CNN  -- Mo Yan 's Nobel Prize in literature appears to be a nod to the hungry literary tastes in modern China and could help spark more freedom , activists say . The beloved Chinese author -- whose pen name means "  not talking " -- has captivated his countrymen by intertwining fantasy and gritty everyday life . The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awarded Mo the prestigious prize Thursday , praising the way the author 's "  hallucinatory realism merges folk tales , history and the contemporary . " Mo plies his trade in a country where running afoul of party lines could lead to censorship . His work packs a punch but he walks a fine line . He is considered a writer within the system and even has embraced official restrictions on writing . He 's a Communist Party member and was elected to a vice-chairman spot in the state-sanctioned China Writers Association . State media reported Mo 's victory immediately after the announcement -- a sharp contrast to Chinese dissident 's Liu Xiabo 's win of the Nobel Peace Prize two years ago , when international news coverage was blacked out . "  I think this comes at a really important time for Chinese literature . China is an extremely literate and energetic society . The bookstores are full . There 's a lot of interesting writing going on now , " said Larry Siems of Pen American Center -- which promotes literary freedom and free exchange of literature around the world . Mo , Siems said , is one of the most notable writers to come out of a system that 's been "  a rigid combination of patronage and censorship . " Mo has produced compelling literature as he navigated that line , he said , but many in China think the author has been too "  reticent " on some topics . Siems said the award is "  a really good thing for Chinese literature . " "  I think in some ways , the award may be recognizing the fact that there 's lively literature happening in China and I hope this stimulates people to read Chinese writers , not only Mo Yan , " he added . Patrick Poon , executive secretary of the independent Chinese Pen Center , said Mo is famous for the book on the country 's policy that restricts couples -- with few exceptions -- to having one child . Poon called Mo "  one of the most influential " contemporary writers and a "  good writer . " However , he said , there are better and bolder writers who did n't get a Nobel . He said he senses that the award appears to be a recognition of -- or trying to please -- the Chinese government . "  I do n't think it 's a very wrong decision to give it to Mo Yan , " he said . But "  we ca n't understand it . " However , Poon said , now that Mo won the prize , maybe he can ask the Chinese government to free the more than three dozen or so imprisoned writers in the country . "  He should have this responsibility , " Poon said . Mo was born in Gaomi in Shandong province into a family of farmers in 1955 as Guan Moye . He joined the People 's Liberation Army as a young man and began his career , becoming , according to literary magazine Granta , one of the country 's "  most celebrated and widely translated writers . " "  He 's an earnest and pragmatic person , " his brother said , according to news reports before the award was announced . "  I hope he will continue writing earnestly and create more literary work enjoyed by the masses . " Mo told local media in 2003 that his pen name is a word play on his original middle name , but also a reminder to himself that he should talk less and write more . The author sets his novels in a community based on his hometown . Granta asked him in a recent interview if he has been influenced by other writers , such as American novelist William Faulkner , who set many of his stories in one specific fictional county in Mississippi . "  When I first started writing it was the year of 1981 , so I did n't read any books by Marquez or Faulkner , " he said , referring to Colombian novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez . "  It was 1984 when I first read their works and undoubtedly those two writers have great influence on my creations . I found that my life experience is quite similar to theirs , but I only discovered this later on . If I had read their works sooner I would have already accomplished a masterpiece like they did . " His novel "  Frog " explores China 's one-child policy , designed for population control . He poignantly explored the traditional Chinese preference for boys over girls , which stems from the perception that boys are more able to provide for the family and carry on the family line . That tendency has fed the practice of aborting female fetuses or abandoning infant girls , which continues today in rural parts of China . "  Frog traces the life of a midwife who witnesses forced late-term abortions , forced sterilization and other horrors , and it does so whimsically â $ " in the form of four letters and a play . The midwife 's struggle to reconcile her conflicting loyalties to party , family and patients forms the backbone of the narrative , which Mo Yan says had been percolating in his head since the early 1980s , " a Time magazine story said . Read more : Nobel Peace Prize winner rips into fellow laureate over corruption Mo recently won China 's prestigious Mao Dun literary award -- a potential indication that China has become more open to talking about the issue . He also is famous for his novels "  Red Sorghum , " a story that takes place during the Japanese occupation of China during World War II , and "  Big Breasts and Wide Hips , " described as an epic about women . He was asked by Granta if he considers himself a feminist or if he is "  simply drawn to write from a female perspective . " "  First of all , I admire and respect women . I think they are very noble and their life experience and the hardship a woman can endure is always much greater than a man . When we encounter great disasters , women are always more brave than men -- I think because they have their due capacity , they are also mothers . "  The strength that this brings is something we ca n't imagine . In my books I try to put myself in the shoes of women , I try to understand and interpret this world from the perspective of women . But the bottom line is I am not a woman : I 'm a male writer . And the world I interpreted in my books as if I were a woman , might not be well received by women themselves but that is not something I can do anything about . I love and admire women , but nonetheless I am a man , " he said . Mo told Time that he does n't worry about censorship when deciding what to write . He told the magazine that the "  inability to attack some topics head on is actually an advantage . " "  There are certain restrictions on writing in every country , " he said . "  One of the biggest problems in literature is the lack of subtlety . A writer should bury his thoughts deep and convey them through the characters in his novel . " "  By placing much of his writing in the past , and through the adroit subtlety of his magic-realist style , Mo Yan avoids stirring up the animosity of the country 's ever vigilant censors any more than he needs to , " the Time interview said . After the award was announced , Chinese national pride rippled across the Internet . "  China , " one commenter said on the Nobel website , "  is rising . " Mo himself "  was overjoyed and scared , " Chinese state media reported , citing a Nobel committee member who informed the author of the prize . Chinese authorities and many Chinese people regard Mo as the first to win the literature prize . The prize in 2000 went to Chinese writer Gao Xingjian , who was born and educated in China but is now a French citizen . Read more : Ideas cost Liu Xiaobo his freedom Favorites for this year 's award included American folk singer Bob Dylan , Canadian author Alice Munro , American novelist Philip Roth and Japanese author Haruki Murakami . Murakami and Dylan were also favorites among bookies last year , but Swedish poet Tomas Transtromer won the million-dollar prize . Nobel Prize winners : Medicine Nobel Prize winners : Chemistry Nobel Prize winners : Physics CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . Steven Jiang reported from Beijing . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : One activist hopes Mo Yan uses his acclaim to fight repression His novel "  Frog " explored the traditional Chinese preference for boys over girls Canadian Alice Munro and folk singer Bob Dylan had been mentioned as front-runners Mo recently won China 's prestigious Mao Dun literary award
EW.com  -- Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan are headed to Washington . On Tuesday 's "  Live ! with Kelly and Michael , " the co-hosts announced their first-ever interview with President Barack Obama . The duo is headed to D.C. to talk to Obama in the Blue Room of the White House , where they 'll discuss the recent "  White House Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit , " among other topics . The interview will air Friday , May 30 , 2014 . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ripa and Strahan will head to D.C. It will be their first interview with the President The show is set to air on May 30
CNN  -- Zambia 's incumbent president bowed out with "  grace and honor " Friday after election results showed his main challenger had won , his party said in a statement . "  The people of Zambia have spoken and we must listen , " outgoing President Rupiah Banda said on the website of his Movement for Multiparty Democracy . "  The time now is for maturity , for composure and for compassion . " Zambians voted Tuesday in the presidential election . The incoming president , Michael Sata , will be sworn in Friday , party officials said . Sata is the leader of the opposition Patriotic Front and a major critic of China 's investment in the nation . Ten candidates took part in the presidential race . Zambia has remained relatively peaceful amid unrest in neighboring Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .	10 candidates take part in the presidential race Winner Michael Sata is a major critic of Chinese investment in the nation
CNN  -- Imagine you served for one year with the U.S. Army in Iraq . Imagine you served an additional tour in Afghanistan a year later . And imagine being injured in that last tour after a roadside bomb exploded from beneath a trashcan as your Humvee rolled by . Your buddy sitting next to you was killed . After you left the Army and returned home , you had trouble focusing . You had headaches and issues with your vision . You realize you returned with what might be a Traumatic Brain Injury . And maybe Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder , too . Imagine you also have two kids younger than 7 who have n't seen you very much for the last half decade . Imagine you 're struggling to find a job . You 've got a lot on your plate . And you 're understandably stressed . You do n't want to let down your family . And you do n't want to be viewed as weak or a wimp by your buddies . Opinion : Why women are less free after Iraq War You summon the courage to overcome the stigma , and you go to your local Department of Veterans Affairs to get some help . You file a claim for disability benefits to get the care and compensation you 've earned and the support you need to keep your family afloat financially . You 're hopeful . Now imagine waiting 600 days before you get an answer from the Department of Veterans Affairs . 600 days . 600 days of staring at your mailbox . 600 days of phone calls to check in . 600 days of bills piling up . 600 days of disappointment . Sounds crazy , right ? Well , for thousands of veterans nationwide , it 's real life . If you are a young vet who 's filed a claim with the Department of Veterans Affairs in New York or Los Angeles , you will wait an average of 600 days . And you 're not alone . More than 900,000 veterans of all generations are stuck in a bureaucratic logjam that , in 2013 , is the almost too absurd to believe . After 10 years of war , three VA secretaries , and an increase in the overall department budget of 40 % since 2009 , an incredible 97 % of veteran 's claims are still on paper . Yep , paper . America has soldiers in Nevada piloting drones remotely that can strike a target thousands of miles and two continents away , but 97 % of our veterans ' benefits claims are still on paper . Earlier this month , the Center for Investigative Reporting released a leaked internal VA document that showed the entire world what veterans nationwide have known for years : the VA backlog problem is even worse than reported . The VA has reported that the average claim wait time was 273 days . For the first claim filed , it 's longer : 316 to 327 days . In Los Angeles , that figure is 619 . In New York , it 's 642 . In Indianapolis , it 's 612 days . And vets with first-time claims in Reno , Nevada , wait 681 days . The VA has testified that it has hired 3,300 new claims processors , but it has failed to report that , because of staff turnover , the net increase in processors is only 300 since 2010 . And , in Chicago ; Waco , Texas ; and Oakland , California , the overall number of claims processors has gone down . Since the internal documents were leaked last week , we 've yet to see a public response from VA Secretary Eric Shinseki or from the commander in chief . Some 2.6 million men and woman answered the call to serve in Iraq and Afghanistan . But now , a decade later , President Barack Obama is not answering their calls for help . And the public still does n't seem to get it . That 's why this week I 'm joining veterans from across America as we take our stories to Washington . Hans Blix : Why invading Iraq was a terrible mistake Veteran leaders from some 22 states are converging on the Capitol to "  Storm the Hill , " where we 'll be pressing elected officials to confront and solve the backlog . You can see their faces and read about their stories at the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America website , www.IAVA.org . They are an amazing group of men and women  and one dog  that have overcome tremendous obstacles . And now , they 're taking on another one : the VA backlog . Just like we 've been trained , we wo n't quit until the job is done . No matter how long it takes , we 'll keep fighting . Our brothers and sisters deserve support for their sacrifices . And every single American should stand with us to #EndTheVAbacklog once and for all . Ten years after the start of the Iraq War , there are a lot of folks who say they support the troops . Now is the time for them to show it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Rieckhoff .	Paul Rieckhoff : Afghanistan , Iraq veterans can wait 600 days or longer for claim response He says after 10 years of war , 97 % of claims are still on paper , a logjam that hurts vets He says VA says it has hired processors , but high turnover keeps number low Rieckhoff : Veteran leaders in D.C. to "  Storm the Hill , " get officials to deal with backlog
CNN  -- Amnesty International is calling on Zambia to release two men who have been in jail since May on charges of engaging in homosexual acts "  against the order of nature . " James Mwansa and Philip Mubiana , both 22 , will appear in court Monday for a judge to decide if they should be detained longer . "  It is high time that individuals stopped being persecuted because of their real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity . Human rights are about the dignity and equality of all people , " said Simeon Mawanza , Amnesty International 's Zambia researcher . The pair was arrested after a neighbor reported them to the police , according to Amnesty International . Authorities subjected them to anal examinations without their consent and forced them to confess , the human rights group said . "  Anal examinations conducted to ` prove ' same-sex conduct are scientifically invalid , and if they were conducted without the men 's consent , contravene the absolute prohibition of torture and other cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment under international law , " said Simeon Mawanza , an Amnesty researcher in Zambia . It was the second detention for the two men in recent days , the group said . On April 25 , authorities arrested them , and later released them on bail on May 2 . They were arrested again just four days later after a neighbor went to the police , according to Amnesty . Both have pleaded not guilty . Zambian officials were not immediately available for comment . Homosexuality is illegal in Zambia and most African countries based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs . Punishments across the continent range from fines to years in prison . Last year , a Cameroon appeals court upheld a three-year sentence against a man convicted of homosexuality for texting his male friend to say , "  I 'm very much in love with you . " South Africa -- one of the more progressive nations in the continent on the issue -- was the first African country to impose a constitutional ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation . But sexual violence against lesbians has become so common in South Africa , the nation has coined the term "  corrective rape " to describe it . A handful of other nations issue a death penalty for consensual same-sex relations , including Saudi Arabia and Iran , according to the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association .	Authorities subject them to anal examinations without their consent , a rights group says Amnesty International : It was the second detention for the two men Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries
CNN  -- A few weeks before James DiMaggio allegedly kidnapped Hannah Anderson , his sister said she told him that the 16-year-old girl was "  trouble " and that he needed to "  watch out . " In a sometimes contentious interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night , Lora DiMaggio held out the possibly that her brother was a victim , saying there were "  a lot of holes " in the case . "  It 's very hard to believe that someone who was just so genuine and so dependable every single solitary day just woke up one day and decided to do this , " she said . Instead , she cast doubt on Anderson . "  I remember very vividly telling my brother , ` She 's trouble , ' " she said . "  I said , ` You need to watch out for that one . ' " James DiMaggio allegedly kidnapped Hannah on August 4 . Police later found the bodies of her mother and brother at his burned home , about an hour east of San Diego . A police affidavit claims that mother Christina Anderson and brother Ethan had been "  tortured and killed " by James DiMaggio before he set his home and garage ablaze . After evading authorities for a week , he was spotted in the Idaho wilderness on August 10 , nearly 1,000 miles from where the alleged kidnapping occurred . An FBI agent shot him dead , and Hannah was returned to her family in Southern California . Lora DiMaggio maintained that , despite the evidence presented by police , it was n't clear her brother had done anything wrong "  The only evidence that has come forward at this point is the fact the two bodies were found on his property , " she said . "  There 's a lot of missing information . I have yet to see any solid evidence . " Sister : DiMaggio was protecting Hannah Lora DiMaggio said her brother may have come to the aid of Hannah . "  In my heart of hearts , I think that Hannah perhaps got herself into a situation that she could n't get herself out of , and I do believe that my brother gave his life to protect her , " she said . Lora DiMaggio did n't explain what situation she thought the teen was in or why she needed protection . Hannah was seen with James DiMaggio in his car about 20 hours before he allegedly set fire to his house , police said . The two were in his blue Nissan Versa just after midnight August 4 , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department said . They were spotted at a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint , according to authorities . They did n't say what the two were doing together or whether Hannah was with DiMaggio voluntarily . Phone records indicate the two "  called each other approximately 13 times " shortly before both their phones were turned off on August 4 , a search warrant revealed . In a TV interview with NBC News last week , Hannah said the two texted the day she was abducted because he was supposed to pick her up from cheerleading camp and he needed directions . ` Not the girl that stayed in my home ' First Hannah Anderson TV interview : ` My mom raised me to be strong ' During the same interview , Hannah described herself as a survivor and thanked those who have supported her . "  In the beginning I was a victim , but now knowing everyone out there is helping me , I consider myself a survivor instead , " Hannah said . "  My mom raised me to be strong . " Lora DiMaggio told Piers Morgan that she hardly recognized the teen . "  I know that the Hannah Anderson that I saw a few nights ago on the TV is certainly not the girl that stayed in my home three weeks prior to them disappearing , " she said , but declined to provide specifics . "  I do n't know , I do n't want to bash anyone , " she said . "  It 's certainly not my intent to come on here and bash anyone . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Lora DiMaggio warned her brother about Hannah Anderson She doubts police account of what happened She says her brother was trying to protect Hannah "  I do n't want to bash anyone , " she says
No politician in Russia can draw a crowd like Vladimir Putin . Thousands of Muscovites filled a freezing Manezhnaya Square Sunday , cheering for the former president-turned-prime-minister as he celebrated election again to the nation 's highest office and delivered a patriotic speech . "  We are appealing to all people to unite for our people , for our motherland , and we will win , " he said . "  We 've had a victory ! Glory to Russia ! " The 59-year-old former KGB agent and law student has dominated Russian politics for more than a decade . He served two terms as president from 2000 to 2008 , then most recently served as prime minister under current President Dmitry Medvedev . In September , Medvedev called on the ruling United Russia party to endorse Putin for president once again -- and Putin , for his part , suggested Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister . In that vote , however , although United Russia held on to power it saw its number of parliamentary seats significantly decreased . The balloting sparked ongoing protests and allegations of vote-rigging directed at Putin , and fueled speculation that his sway over Russian politics might be diminishing . Putin 's critics focused on attempting to end his political career . But that seems unlikely following the election of March 4 . With more than two-thirds of the vote counted , Putin was leading his closest rival by an almost 4-1 margin , dashing hopes of opponents that he could receives less than 50 % and be forced into a runoff vote . Putin faced four other presidential contenders , including Russia 's third-richest man , New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov . Human rights groups say civil liberties and democratic freedoms have suffered during Putin 's rule . Former world chess champion Gary Kasparov is among Putin 's critics . "  I think if anybody told us in August 1991 that nine years later , the country would be run by a KGB lieutenant colonel , this person would look like a laughingstock , " Kasparov has said . Putin , the married father of two daughters , rose from humble beginnings to become one of Russia 's most powerful men . He was born in St. Petersburg  then Leningrad  , the son of a factory foreman , and raised in a communal apartment shared by three families . He joined the KGB in 1975 and later was selected to attend the Red Banner Institute of Intelligence , where he learned both German and English . He was briefly assigned to counterintelligence duties in what was then East Germany before moving back to Leningrad , where he was assistant rector for international affairs at Leningrad State University . He left the KGB in 1992 , and served several posts in St. Petersburg 's government before accepting a job as deputy business manager for the State Property Administration in 1996 , then head of the Presidential Administration and Control Department of the Presidency under Boris Yeltsin . When Yeltsin resigned in 1999 , Putin -- then acting prime minister -- was appointed acting president . He was elected to the office the following year . He has received credit for consolidating post-Soviet Russia and bringing stability to the nation . He 's also demonstrated a talent for self-promotion . Television viewers have seen him riding horseback without a shirt ; on a motorcycle ; diving ; flying an aircraft ; and demonstrating his judo skills  he holds a black belt  . "  He 's an extremely charismatic person , " said Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov . "  He 's a tough guy , but he 's a very balanced guy . He 's a predictable guy , and he 's a constructive guy . " Russia 's youth back Putin in droves , singing songs praising him and even getting tattoos of his face . The pro-Putin youth group Nashi , meaning "  ours " in Russian , was formed in 2005 by the United Russia party to promote patriotism and support for the Kremlin and for Putin . But other youth are opposed to Putin and not buying into the cult of personality . During a nearly four-hour question-and-answer session Putin held last year on state television , the Russian word for "  Botox " was trending on Twitter , and rumors persist that Putin appears younger , possibly with medical intervention . "  One should n't react closely to rumors , " Peskov said . "  The less you react to rumors , the less they appear . " Putin 's campaign this time was deliberately low-key -- he sent proxies to televised debates -- but he still appears daily on state television . A primary focus of his campaign had been modernizing Russia 's military , saying it 's the only way to improve Russian standing and clout in the world . He 's proposed spending 23 trillion rubles  about $ 768 billion  on the military and the defense industry over the next 10 years . While he has n't said where the money is coming from , Putin has maintained that Russia ca n't afford not to spend it . Still , Putin 's critics show no sign of disappearing . Andrew Wood , a former British ambassador to Moscow , said last week that he believes the Kremlin has been "  taken aback by the degree of opposition " -- so much so , he said , that it 's conceivable that a reported assassination plot targeting Putin may have been a scheme to build support for him . "  There was a similar alleged plot against him the election before last , " said Wood , who is now a Russia expert at the London-based think tank Chatham House . " ... It 's conceivable , but it seems improbable . " Wood said ahead of Sunday 's vote that even if Putin won , "  it wo n't necessarily mean he has strong and durable support . "	Vladimir Putin has dominated Russian politics for more than a decade With more than two-thirds of the count in , he is expected to win the election He makes frequent television appearances and enjoys strong youth support
CNN  -- It being winter and all , social media sites are packed with millions of snow photos . Instagram alone has 11 million photos tagged #snow from around the world . We 've seen countless more on Flickr , Twitter and CNN iReport . Most capture the typical moments : pets tentatively venturing out , delighted children and comfort food for the cold winter days . But these photos feature a slightly different take -- telling an entire story in one image , or at least captivating the viewer long enough to pause before scrolling onto the next shot . These are just a few that made us smile , got us curious or made us wonder what was happening when the photo was taken . Do you have a story to tell in one image ? Got one you think we should see ? Upload it to iReport and we may add it to our gallery . As always in severe weather conditions , stay safe and do not put yourself in harm .	iReporters capture snow photos worth a second glance Over 11 million photos are tagged #snow on Instagram One photograph can sometimes tell an entire story
CNN  -- Winters can be depressingly long in Sweden but when it comes to sports played in those chillier months , curling usually is n't the first choice for youngsters in the Scandinavian nation . They would rather put on skates and dabble in ice hockey or go skiing , with the likes of Nicklas Lidstrom and Ingemar Stenmark providing ample inspiration . The country has also produced legendary tennis players , such as Bjorn Borg , and in Zlatan Ibrahimovic possesses one of football 's biggest talents in recent decades . Niklas Edin is glad , though , that he chose curling -- even if it is less glamorous and lucrative . He has mostly overcome his fiery temper and a troubling back injury to make history and end Canada 's dominance in a sport dubbed "  chess on ice . " And , at 28 , he is part of a younger generation with big ambitions . For Edin , his teammates and Sweden , the timing is good since the Sochi Winter Olympics are a mere five months away . "  We 're going into the biggest season of our careers and it 's going to be huge playing the Olympics , " Edin told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  We 're one of the favorites to do good so it 's definitely going to be a different season for us leading up towards that . " As the men 's skip and team leader , Edin led Sweden to victory at the 2013 world championships in April . He not only beat Canada 's Brad Jacobs -- another 28-year-old -- in the gold-medal game but did so on Canadian soil in Victoria . It snapped Canada 's three-year stranglehold on men 's gold at the world championships and gave Sweden its first men 's title since 2004 . Having also triumphed at the European championships last December in his hometown of Karlstad -- a small city located about 160 miles west of the Swedish capital Stockholm -- Edin became the first skip to achieve that double in the same season . No wonder Sweden is one of the favorites in Sochi . Edin has already visualized capturing gold at the Olympics . Far from being a sign of cockiness , it provides him with motivation . "  We know we can win and we truly believe in ourselves , " he said . "  I think that 's one of the main things you need to be able to do going into the Olympics -- if you want the medal , you need to be able to see yourself winning . "  It 's always good to be the underdog and to not have anything to lose . It 's easier that way . But now that we 've come a bit further I think we 'll like the situation even more where we 're one of the favorites . " Edin decided to try curling after he watched the Swedish women win bronze at the 1998 Olympics in Nagano , Japan . Curling did n't run in the family , as his father is a farmer and his mother is a teacher who instead liked figure skating . "  I tried it in the local curling rink and I was struck right away , " said Edin . The sport combines power with touch and strategy . Controlling the 20-kilogram stone while sliding is n't easy and placing it in a particular spot at the other end requires ample skill . Despite the indoor venues , the weather outside can affect conditions inside . "  You can go up to 90 % of your maximum pulse when sweeping and during a game we have to do that multiple times throughout that three-hour game , so it can be really exhausting , " said Edin . "  Then the tournaments are long , the days are long , so you need to be quite fit to be among the best . "  When you try it at first it 's so slippery , it 's way different than hockey and those sports . It 's so tough to find your balance at first but then when you do that it 's more about tactics and more about the skills . "  To be amongst the top-10 teams in the world , you definitely need to be good at chess to have a good strategy . " Once it was apparent that he had a special talent , Edin focused solely on curling and devoted all of his time to his new passion . A world junior title followed and at the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver , not far from Victoria in British Columbia , Sweden finished a respectable fourth under Edin . The team now plays about 20 tournaments a season , enough to make a living . And if Edin stands highest on the podium in Russia next February , his finances will likely improve further given the endorsement opportunities a gold medal brings . Sweden is the two-time defending champion among the women , but its men are seeking a maiden Olympic triumph . "  There 's not a lot of money in this sport but you can still go full time if you 're reaching towards the Olympics and you get funding from the Olympic association and stuff like that , " said Edin . "  For us it 's been full-time the last few years and building up to the Olympics . " Although Edin 's rise has been quick , it has n't been without struggles . He had back surgery in 2010 after being diagnosed with multiple herniated discs , and needed another operation after the problem flared up on the eve of the 2012 world championships in Switzerland . He shared skip duties with Sebastian Kraupp yet amid the turmoil Sweden grabbed bronze in a tense win over Scandinavian rival Norway . "  It 's been a long struggle for the whole team and for  Edin  especially , " Kraupp told reporters . Edin now says of the back issues : "  I 'm feeling better . " His composure has gotten better , too , although it remains a work in progress . He openly admits to having acted like tennis bad boy John McEnroe in the past , losing his cool when things were n't going his way . "  Over the years I 've calmed down quite a bit and try to be as good as I can towards all the people around me on the curling sheet or curling rink because I think it 's in the interest of the sport -- like golf , where you show respect to one another , " said Edin . "  Even if you want to win you do n't want to show that disrespect to the other people around you so I try to calm myself down . But if we 're losing in a bad way I definitely  have a  temper . " However , Edin does n't often lose in a bad way nowadays .	Niklas Edin took up curling after watching Sweden take bronze at the 1998 Olympics Edin won a world junior title before claiming a European and world championship double He has worked on his temper and has had to overcome a back injury that required surgery Edin and teammates will be among the favorites at the Olympics in Sochi in February
CNN  -- Fighting in southern Darfur killed dozens of people over the weekend as soldiers from Sudan 's People 's Liberation Army clashed with armed members of an Arab tribe , state media reported Sunday . Four tribesmen from the Arab Rizeigat tribe were killed in the clashes Sunday in Dayeen district , state-run Ashorooq TV reported , citing a district official . The fighting was part of an outbreak of violence over the weekend that killed as many as 54 people on Saturday , according to Ashorooq . Dozens more were wounded . Sudanese government officials accused SPLA of instigating the violence , according to Ashorooq . However , Suleiman Isaq , the secretary general of the SPLA in southern Darfur , denied to Ashorooq that the organization planned the fighting . According to Ashorooq , Isaq said the clashes escalated from recurring fighting between members of the SPLA and the tribe , adding that SPLA members live peacefully in that area alongside the tribesmen . Isaq also told Ashorooq that SPLA officials are working with local government to contain the violence . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Four tribesmen from Arab Rizeigat tribe reportedly killed in clashes Sunday Fighting part of an outbreak of violence over the weekend that killed as many as 54 Sudanese government officials accuse SPLA of instigating the violence , according to state TV
CNN  -- In the summer of 1985 , I lived a dual life . In my scholarly work , I argued that traditional gender roles -- the stay-at-home mother , the bread-winning father -- were recent cultural constructs . Throughout human history , women engaged in productive labor alongside men . It was n't until the Industrial Revolution that men began to work outside the home , tethering women to household responsibilities and child rearing . My thesis was that attitudes toward motherhood changed as the care of children became the exclusive responsibility of mothers . Modern motherhood is a cultural invention , I argued , not biological destiny . Opinion : Benefit of office face time a myth When I was n't writing academic papers , I was caring for my baby daughter , working hard to be her primary attachment figure . When she cried out in the night , I wanted her to call for Mommy , not Daddy . I recognized my desire was based on my gender , and I appreciated the irony of this . Nevertheless , I had internalized the values of my culture , and my own scholarship could not help me override this . I comforted myself that attitudes would change over time . After all , the women 's movement was still relatively young , and I was mothering during the height of the Mommy Wars . Sadly , very little has changed . Why ? Because the narrative in our culture is consistent and unyielding , reflected in the views of liberals and conservatives alike , omnipresent in our lives : Raising children is mothers ' work , not parents ' work . When Marissa Mayer , the CEO of Yahoo , banned employees from working from home , the media largely framed this as detrimental to women , not men . Mayer 's decision was portrayed as limiting work-life flexibility for mothers , who may need to be at home -- or prefer to be at home -- with their children . Her decision was not sexist , but the coverage was . More than 40 years ago , psychologists Sandra and Daryl Bem invented a simple test to determine whether a statement was sexist : Could you exchange the word "  women " for "  men " and still have the sentence work ? Try it with the most-read essay the Atlantic magazine has ever published , Anne-Marie Slaughter 's article , "  Why Women Still Ca n't Have it All . " In sentence after sentence , Slaughter 's piece fails the test . In fact , the title fails . Yet few have questioned why the piece was n't headlined "  Why Parents Ca n't Have It All . " Simplify your life : Telecommuting is n't just for parents Maternal employment continues to pose a threat to our strongly held belief about motherhood -- it is natural for mothers , not fathers , to have primary responsibility for raising children . By not challenging this recent cultural invention , we continue to lock young mothers into the same social binds that trapped me , even when I knew better . Today , we are bombarded with the message that raising children is solely a mother 's job . When women are pregnant , people ask them , but not the fathers of their children , whether they plan to return to work . When couples shop for baby products , they discover packaging and advertisements featuring mothers with children , not fathers with children or couples with children . When they watch television programs , even "  Modern Family , " they find stay-at-home mothers and employed fathers . Not very modern . Or perhaps it is modern , and that 's the problem . The cost to women is great in lost opportunity . The cost to society is great in lost human capital . In the United States , women comprise only 20 % of the U.S. Senate and 18 % of the House of Representatives . Just 12 of the 50 largest school districts are led by women . There are only 21 women leading Fortune 500 companies , and according to a recent McKinsey survey , only 18 % of women managers want to be CEO , compared with 36 % of men . In this context , Sheryl Sandberg , the COO of Facebook , is "  encouraging mothers with careers to opt out of the parent-or-career woman binary and firmly choose both . " By encouraging women to "  lean in , " some , such as Slaughter , say Sandberg is placing undue burden on individual women . Others argue that she is letting policymakers and cultural arbiters off the hook . People are focusing on the wrong issues . Sandberg is providing a powerful counter narrative of possibility that is all but missing in our culture . Where does the solution lie ? I have spent much of my 31-year career as a scholar arguing for family-friendly policies like quality child care , parental leave , and flexible work hours . But if we view these policy changes as supporting maternal -- rather than parental -- employment , then roadblocks for women will remain . We understand sexism when it 's explicit -- unequal pay for equal work -- but we have n't acknowledged gendered cultural biases surrounding parenthood . Our implicit biases limit the aspirations of men and women alike . The solution lies in recognizing the problem . Only then will we change our culture . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen McCartney .	Kathleen McCartney believed modern motherhood is a cultural invention , not biological destiny As a mom in '80s , she was a primary caretaker , but thought cultural attitudes would change She says nothing changed ; child care , flex time , baby leave are still considered women 's issues McCartney : Workplace equality wo n't improve until these are considered "  parental " concerns
CNN  Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters in South Africa after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban , leaving at least five people dead , an aid group said Thursday . Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs . The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . "  There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans who are disgusted with the attacks not only because they are foreign , or African , but because they are fellow human beings , " said Gift of the Givers charity , which is helping those seeking refuge . "  We are preparing aid packages for those who may journey onwards to their home countries . " The charity said about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence . That does n't count anyone who fled their homes to other , private accommodations , the group said . It said it hopes the violence is limited to Durban , but assured immigrants that it has a facility in Johannesburg to help those who might need shelter there . "  We have tents and all essential supplies on standby but pray that sanity prevails and this does not become necessary , " it said . In the past , Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions . In 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg . Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . In that attack , police arrested more than 200 people for various crimes including rape , murder , robbery and theft .	A charity group is preparing aid packages for those who want to return home The attacks have left 5 dead -- two immigrants and three South Africans A 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- An American attorney representing Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier said Saturday that the former dictator returned to Haiti in hopes of recovering millions frozen in Swiss bank accounts and channeling them through a U.S. intermediary to help rebuild his troubled homeland . In the past , Duvalier has attempted to personally claim the $ 5.7 million in a bank account belonging to a family foundation . But attorney Ed Marger said the highly controversial and polarizing former leader now wants to use the money to help Haiti , devastated a year ago by a massive earthquake . "  He does n't want the funds for himself , " Marger told CNN . "  He wants a transparent entity to release the funds . " Marger is working with two other Georgia attorneys -- former Republican congressman Bob Barr and Mike Puglise -- to find a company that could transfer those funds . Marger named business consultants Ernst & Young and Deloitte as two possibilities . Duvalier stands accused of pillaging Haiti 's national treasury during his brutal 15-year rule . Haitian authorities are investigating allegations of corruption and embezzlement but the strongman has not yet been formally charged . He also could face further charges of human rights abuses committed under his leadership . Amnesty International wants Duvalier to face justice for the alleged torture and killings of thousands of Haitians . Barr , who represented Georgia 's 7th District from 1995 to 2003 , and was the Libertarian Party 's 2008 presidential nominee , said Saturday that the allegations against Duvalier are just that . "  I deal with allegations all the time , " he said . "  They are the cheapest commodity on the market . " Barr said he returned to Port-au-Prince for the first time in nearly 30 years because he believed Duvalier is genuinely interested in alleviating Haiti 's suffering . He said the Caribbean nation was in worse shape now than it was when Duvalier was at the helm . "  I also am reminded of others who have risen from the ashes , " Barr said . "  The city of Atlanta is the Phoenix city . The people of Haiti , likewise , will rise from the problems created by last year 's earthquake and emerge stronger and better than before . That I know is Mr. Duvalier 's deep wish and something that he knows in his heart . " He said the three American lawyers were not involved in Duvalier 's legal problems in Haiti . They were there to advise him on international matters . On Friday , Duvalier spoke publicly for the first time since his unexpected return . He stopped short of apologizing to the Haitian people but said he regretted their suffering . "  The desire to participate at your side in this national reconstruction effort is more important than any of the problems I could face , " he said . "  The price to pay is not important . The essential  thing  for me is to be with you . " He made no mention of political ambition , though his return at a tumultuous moment in Haitian history has fueled speculation about his real intentions . Haiti 's November elections resulted in controversy and have yet to be resolved . But many people believe Duvalier 's actions were motivated not by power but money . Reviled by some Haitians who remember the despot 's lavish lifestyle in the Western hemisphere 's poorest nation , Duvalier reportedly lost much of his wealth in his bitter divorce from Michele Bennett in the early 1990s . Marger said Duvalier was living an austere life and was dependent on the generosity of friends and family . He has laid claim to the $ 5.7 million in Switzerland but that battle has dragged on for a quarter century . A new Swiss law that goes into effect February 1 eases the repatriation of the money even if Haiti declines to prosecute Duvalier . However , Haitian authorities must show that the country lacked the resources for legal action or that Duvalier was not within reach . By making himself available , Duvalier could potentially erase Haiti 's right to the funds . After the earthquake , Duvalier pledged some of the money to the Red Cross for relief efforts . His attorney in Haiti , Reynold Georges , told CNN that Duvalier had already transferred money to the agency . "  There have been media reports for more than a year about a donation from Mr. Duvalier for Haiti earthquake relief , but the American Red Cross has no record of ever receiving any donation from him , " said Laura Howe , spokeswoman for the Red Cross . In any case , she said , the Red Cross is not willing to accept Duvalier 's money . "  We simply would not accept a donation from someone accused of taking funds from the coffers of a government entity , " she said . Marger , who has known Baby Doc from childhood , said Duvalier had changed in exile . Marger found the 59-year-old Duvalier to be much more humble than he was when he became president for life at the young age of 19 . "  He 's a lot more interested in doing something productive , " Marger said . Duvalier set foot on Haitian soil after 25 years in exile . He came back to nation struggling to recover from the earthquake 's destruction , a cholera epidemic and political chaos . It 's unclear what his presence in Haiti will mean for its future . CNN 's Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .	Duvalier is seeking advice from three U.S. lawyers , including former U.S. Rep. Bob Barr The lawyers say the former dictator wants to claim money frozen in Switzerland They say he wants to use the funds to help rebuild Haiti Duvalier is accused of siphoning the money from national coffers
CNN  Chinese relic experts claim that a 1,000-year-old mummified monk encased in a Buddha statue was stolen from a village temple in Eastern China in 1995 , state media reported . The mummy made international headlines last year when it first showcased at Drents Museum in the Netherlands . The Cultural Relic Bureau in Fujian province launched an investigation and found photos and historical records suggesting the statue belonged to a village temple where it was worshiped as an ancestor . The bureau will continue the investigation and report to national cultural authorities to seek repatriation in compliance with normal procedures , a spokesperson told the state-run Xinhua news agency on Sunday . The statue , currently in possession of a Dutch private collector , was being housed at the Hungarian Natural History Museum as a part of a European tour . The museum announced on their website that the mummy , originally scheduled to be on display until May , has been pulled from the exhibition at "  the request of the loaning partner " -- the Drents Museum . It 's unclear exactly when or how the statue made its way to a market in the Netherlands where a private buyer bought it in 1996 . Drents Museum said the owner , who prefers to remain anonymous , had bought it legally . The mummy was discovered when the owner brought it to an expert for restoration . But it was n't until a team of researchers and scientists did a CT scan -- a comprehensive three dimensional X-ray image -- last year , did they discover the mummy 's organs were missing . "  We thought it would be lung tissue , but instead we found little scraps of paper covered with Chinese characters , " said Vincent van Vilsteren , an archaeology curator from Drents Museum . The mummy was found sitting on a bundle of cloth covered in Chinese inscriptions , revealing its identity as a Buddhist monk called Liuquan who may have practiced "  self-mummification " to prepare for life after death . The process of self-mummification is a known tradition in countries like Japan , China and Thailand , and was practiced more than a thousand years ago . The elaborate and arduous process includes eating a special diet and drinking a poisonous tea so the body would be too toxic to be eaten by maggots . The few monks that were able to successfully complete the process were highly revered . "  We suspect that for the first 200 years , the mummy was exposed and worshiped in a Buddhist temple in China ... only in the 14th century did they do all the work to transform it into a nice statue , " said van Vilsteren . Researchers are still waiting on DNA analysis results to help trace the mummy back to its exact location in China .	Chinese relic experts claim that a mummified monk encased in a statue was stolen The statue was bought in 1996 at a market in the Netherlands Researchers believe the monk practiced "  self-mummification "
CNN  -- The mayor of Venezuela 's capital on Tuesday was completing his fifth day of a hunger strike in protest of what he called harassment and interference from President Hugo Chavez . Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma , shown in February , alleges many of his duties have been illegally usurped . Antonio Ledezma , mayor of Caracas , has been carrying out his protest inside the offices of the Organization of American States , where his demand was for the inter-American body to investigate allegations of illegal power-grabbing moves by the federal government . The secretary general of the OAS , Jose Miguel Insulza , responded to the mayor in a phone conversation Tuesday , Ledezma adviser Milos Alcalay said in a news conference . Insulza agreed to meet with a group of mayors and governors of Venezuela who have made similar allegations against the Chavez government , Alcalay said . "  Respectfully , but categorically , -LSB- Ledezma -RSB- described a series of instances ... of increasing harassment in a systematic manner by the central power against the metropolitan mayor , " Alcalay said . Politically , Caracas is split into five districts , each with its own mayor , and the city also has a metropolitan mayor who coordinates and oversees police , health and education . Chief among Ledezma 's complaints was the creation in April of a "  head of government " who , appointed by Chavez , took over many of the metropolitan mayor 's duties in addition to offices and budget . As a result , Ledezma said his office does not have enough money left to pay all of his staff . Several workers from the mayor 's office joined him in the hunger strike , according to the mayor 's Web site . The president 's supporters argue that the constitution gives the federal government the responsibility of administrating the capital . But in televised remarks last week , Ledezma held a copy of a law that dictates the duties that his office is supposed to hold . "  This law has been violated over and over again by the current government , " Ledezma said . Ledezma is not the only opposition politician who has complained of being strong-armed by Chavez . Manuel Rosales , a former governor and presidential challenger to Chavez , fled the country in April after Chavez accused him of corruption . Rosales denied the charges . Earlier this year , former Venezuelan Defense Minister Raul Baduel , a Chavez ally-turned-critic , was arrested twice on charges that he stole $ 14 million from the armed forces . Baduel has denied the allegation and called the charges politically motivated .	Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma alleges his power was illegally diminished Venezuela 's president created a post that took many of Ledezma 's duties Ledezma goes on hunger strike , asks Organization of American States for probe Adviser : OAS secretary-general to meet with Ledezma , other unhappy mayors
As soon as passengers arrive at the Rovos Rail station in Pretoria , South Africa , it 's clear this wo n't be a typical train journey . No crowds , just fellow guests -- and only a few dozen of them -- heading on a three-day trip to Cape Town . Inside the meticulously restored building , champagne flows freely and ceiling fans turn leisurely . Occasionally the resident peacocks squawk as they preen around the platform , until they scatter with the arrival of the steaming locomotive . Yes , steaming , as if it was headed to Hogwarts , because that 's what this pretty much is : a storybook rail safari through Africa . Rovos Rail offers a series of journeys across South Africa and beyond that allow passengers to encounter the region 's spectacular scenery and some of the big beasts that roam it . Itineraries include trips between the South African cities of Pretoria and Durban that take in the Nambiti Conservancy  a Big Five retreat in KwaZulu-Natal  or to Victoria Falls via Botswana , Zimbabwe and the Hwange National Park wildlife sanctuary . Hot tub on rails The trains are billed as the most luxurious in the world . That 's hard to dispute . In the 16-square-meter  172-square-foot  Royal Suite , there 's a double bed , richly upholstered armchairs and a full Victorian bath for lounging in the tub and watching the world roll by . The room for this short trip carries a price tag of 28,600 rand  $ 2,570  a person , but there 's a seven-square-meter Pullman for half that , or a Deluxe Suite that lands somewhere in between . There are few modern nuisances to distract from the landscape views . No televisions , no Wi-Fi . Cell phones are discouraged and laptops forbidden outside of suites . "  We do n't want any work being done in public , " Rovos founder Rohan Vos tells passengers before they board . "  Ambiance and good conversation , that 's what this train is all about . " To encourage this , the journey from Pretoria begins with high tea . The observation car is at the rear of the train . One portion is glassed off to protect the smokers , who have a tendency to wander off when they leave the train to grab a puff . It 's not the prime place to be in any case . It 's best to claim a spot at the very rear of the car , which is gloriously exposed so passengers can sit on a long bench or lean over the railing to claim uninterrupted views of the goldfields , the Karoo and eventually the mountains and winelands that surround Cape Town . Dinner gong It 's good to take it easy at high tea . Before long a gong sounds to call guests to the dining cars for a seven-course meal , each with a wine pairing . The food leans heavily toward local fare , both game and produce , all of it meticulously prepared . The Cape Town journey is one of the shortest , but includes two stops . The first is at Kimberley , the diamond mining town known for the "  Big Hole , " the largest excavation in the world , a mile wide and going down seemingly forever . The other stop is in Matjiesfontein , in the middle of the Karoo . The entire town is a national heritage site , preserving the Victorian village that was founded as a railway rest stop but became a health spa once frequented by South Africa 's elite . Although the train is sometimes pulled by a more modern locomotive , the oldest of Rovos Rail 's carriages date to 1930 , two years before Agatha Christie imagined the Belgian detective , Hercule Poirot , sleuthing across Europe . Most were once owned by South African Railways , and were bought as rusting and decrepit shells . Before leaving Pretoria , it 's worth taking a look at the original carriages , if only to appreciate how beautifully restored they are . As much as Rovos Rail envelops its passengers in a time warp , they 're not shielded from all modern headaches . The growing pains of South Africa 's rails mean delays can and do happen . "  I ask you to please accept the fact that we are never on time , " Vos quips . "  However , we will get you to Cape Town this week , and that 's what matters . " On Rovos Rail 's longer , international journeys into Namibia , Zimbabwe , Zambia and Tanzania , the logistics of African travel can interfere . Slow tourism The train stops for border posts  waits can be lengthy  and poorly maintained tracks in some regions keep the speeds slow . Despite all that , this is the best imaginable way to make an overland trip . The 15-day route from Cape Town to Dar es Salaam is a train lover 's dream , taking a meandering route from the Cape through the heart of South Africa , up to the Madikwe Game Reserve and then onto Zimbabwe for an overnight stay at the Victoria Falls Hotel . Crossing the Zambezi River on its landmark bridge is like living on a movie set , the mist of the falls thundering upward on one side , the dark rocks of the gorge plunging down on the other . The train then crosses the length of Zambia , sometimes churning , sometimes crawling until it reaches Chishimba Falls in the rarely visited Northern Province . Here , hikers can explore the sacred cave behind the falls , where the nature spirit Chishimba is believed to live . This is a place of prayer and offerings , so the Zambia Tourism Authority has strict instructions for visitors : "  Because of the sacred nature of the Falls , no sexual intercourse , arrogance and quarrelsomeness is allowed in the vicinity of the Falls . " Passengers should plan their time accordingly . This is literally a high point of the journey . The rest of the trip is a descent into the Rift Valley , winding through tunnels and along viaducts , with a stop for a game drive in Selous Reserve , the largest in Africa . Rovos runs this route five times a year , and it 's their most popular option , according to Brenda Vos , Rohan 's daughter who works in what 's now a family business . Regardless of the itinerary , she says for many passengers the train itself is the destination . "  We want guests to get on board , and it does n't matter where they 're going . " Rovos Rail , Paul Kruger Street , Pretoria , South Africa ; +27 12 315 8242	Rovos Rail operates from a private station in Pretoria , South Africa , connecting with destinations across southern Africa Trains formed of vintage carriages are pulled by a steam locomotive On board are luxury suites , dining cars and an observation car from which it 's possible to watch game
CNN  -- When Gérard Depardieu triggered a fiscal feud with the French government a few weeks ago , the media had fun recasting him in his movie role as the comic book character Obélix , a fat and superhumanly strong Gaulois who stands up to the Romans . Now that the French movie star has abandoned the land of the Gauls to become a Russian citizen , his recent film role as the mad monk Rasputin is being evoked to put a cinematic image on a bizarre real-life drama that has become an affair of state . Depardieu 's "  defection " to Russia has both amused and angered his compatriots . The actor has not helped matters with his puzzling public statements . Depardieu , whose father was a communist , praised Russia as a "  great democracy , " a description open to some debate given that country 's history . Over the weekend , Depardieu made a visit to Russia that was splashed all over the media in Russia -- and was the first item on the French evening news on Sunday . French television viewers watched footage of Depardieu defend Vladimir Putin and proudly brandish his new Russian passport . Depardieu 's love for Russia can not be indifferent to the country 's flat 13 % income tax rate , measurably lower than the 75 % rate that France 's socialist government will impose this year on income over a million euros . Depardieu , whose personal fortune is estimated at $ 200 million , at first bolted for Belgium to escape the tax . Now he has accepted the warm embrace of his friend Putin . France 's constitutional court overturned the "  supertax " on the rich , but the Socialist government intends to push forward with the measure . Depardieu said he admires Russia for its history and great artists . Yet his affection for the Slavic world has not been without controversy . He is a friend of Ramzan Kadyrov , the autocratic president of the Russian republic of Chechnya who has invited other Western stars such as Jean-Claude Van Damme and Hilary Swank to his birthday parties to flatter his over-sized self-image . More bizarrely , Depardieu recorded a duet titled "  Nebo Molchit " with the glamorous Gulnara Karimova -- known as "  Googoosha " -- daughter of Uzbekistan 's autocratic ruler Islam Karimov . His critics in France look upon Depardieu 's posturing as the latest misadventure in the actor 's turbulent life . Recently , he was arrested and jailed for driving his scooter through Paris in a state of intoxication . He was also kicked off an airplane in Dublin for relieving himself on board . A man of gargantuan appetites referred to affectionately in France as "  Gégé " , Depardieu is a larger-than-life figure whose recent travails have highlighted deep tensions in French society . Depardieu is not the only fabulously wealthy citizen to leave France to escape the country 's punishing income taxes . In the past , French rocks stars such as Johnny Hallyday and tennis players such as Yannick Noah have attracted criticism for moving to Switzerland . Tax exile is frowned on in France , a country where fiscal obligation is considered a gesture of loyalty to the French nation . Opinion : Why Depardieu 's ` pathetic ' desertion has caused French storm France is also a traditionally Catholic culture suspicious of money and hostile toward the wealthy . French president Francois Hollande declared publicly during last year 's election campaign : "  I do n't like the rich . " In French politics that kind of declaration resonates with voters . The French are cynical about their elites in general , and hostile toward the rich in particular . In the late 17th century , Louis XIV infamously expelled nearly a million Protestants who at that time were a rich and powerful minority active in banking and finance . Today France 's billionaires , such as L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt , tend to stay discreetly out of view and lack the same spirit of charity found in America . France has no Warren Buffet or Bill Gates . The super-rich in France give money to politicians , not to charities . Depardieu may be a hugely popular movie actor in France , but when he put his sumptuous digs in the fashionable Saint-Germain-des-Prés section of Paris on the market for nearly $ 66 million it reminded the French that he belongs to a different universe . Even more controversial is Depardieu 's choice to become a Russian citizen , which is an open gesture of defiance and rejection toward the French nation . France is a country whose mythology of "  national identity " is deeply entrenched in the collective psyche . The notion of the "  French exception " reinforces the idea that France is different and can resort to extraordinary means to protect its national identity , usually by heavy state intervention . In France , citizenship is cherished , something that foreigners aspire to . When one of France 's most famous and loved movie stars hands back his passport and flounces out of the national family , it can be interpreted as an act of betrayal . Many of Depardieu 's critics in France have preferred to use the language of sarcasm , dismissing him as a troubled figure out of touch with the realities of his fellow countrymen . The French newspaper Le Monde pointed out that Russian commentators are saying that Depardieu is being naively exploited by Putin . The Russian leader , they argue , is using the Depardieu saga as a PR exercise for internal purposes . Depardieu has been seen knocking about his familiar precincts on the Left Bank of Paris . When he leaves the country , he will have to return next time showing a Russian passport . Meanwhile , the French film starring Depardieu as Rasputin still has not been released in his new Russian homeland . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Fraser .	Gérard Depardieu is granted Russian citizenship by Vladimir Putin Matthew Fraser : Depardieu is not the only one who wants to escape France 's income taxes He says the French are suspicious of money and hostile toward the wealthy Fraser : Depardieu 's choice to become a Russian citizen is seen as a rejection of France
CNN  -- JoDee Winterhof still has n't bought her holiday plane tickets . Winterhof wants to take her two children , ages 7 and 4 , back to her Walnut , Iowa , hometown for Christmas this year . But there 's added pressure on the Washington , D.C. , resident : Her parents ' 50th wedding anniversary party is scheduled during the same visit . If she ca n't use frequent flier miles to reduce her bill , she expects to spend $ 1,100 to $ 1,300 on three tickets . Because she wants to keep costs low , she plans to stick to her usual strategies of checking prices every few days and comparing prices at different departure and arrival airports . "  I always wait a bit and try to game the pricing but still get flights I want , " she says . She may not want to wait much longer . Prices are going up Holiday airfares appear to be going up , the result of the usual higher demand for airline tickets around the holidays , airline mergers , flight cutbacks and higher airline fuel prices . People are also being charged more to check luggage , for coach seats with extra leg room and aisle seats , making it harder to seat families together at the last minute . Travelocity 's airfare "  price to beat " for Thanksgiving is $ 386 -- an increase of 9 % over last year , according to the company 's analysis of its Thanksgiving data . That 's the travel company 's average round-trip domestic airfare inclusive of tax . This year 's Thanksgiving fares "  are $ 5 below our price to beat for July 4 of this year , " says Courtney Scott , senior editor at Travelocity . "  So while year-over-year prices are up , Thanksgiving fares are about what we were seeing this summer on popular travel weekends . " Do expect "  peak travel day " surcharges of $ 20 to $ 40 each way during the holiday season , says Scott . Travelers may find lower prices if they do n't travel on November 21 and 25 , December 22 , 23 and 26 and January 2 , check multiple departure and arrival airports and book packages for flight and hotel . If airline fuel costs continue to rise , "  it should indicate a steady rise in  ticket  prices through the end of December and beginning of January , " she says . "  It 's not a time of year where you 're going to see incredibly deep discounted flights . Use our ` price to beat ' as a gauge of whether or not you 're getting a good deal . " People are willing to spend more Demand does n't appear to be letting up . Some 84 million Americans say they are traveling this holiday season , up 7 % from last year , according to recent data from the American Express Spending & Saving Tracker . While some 40 % claim that budget is the most important factor in their plans , the American Express survey found travelers will spend more on holiday travel this year : $ 65 billion or about $ 773 per person , up from $ 659 last year .  This includes airfare and other travel expenses . Some 42 % of travelers also will fly to their destination this year  compared to 36 % last year  . They also plan to take longer vacations  27 % this year compared to 23 % last year  , and travel to more expensive destinations  16 % this year compared to 12 % last year  , according to the survey . Travelers should jump on fares that seem reasonable , travel experts say . "  If the price is in the range we expect for the holidays and we actually can find the space we advise our clients to book it as soon as possible , " says travel agent Michael Holbrook of Columbus Travel/Preferred Vacations in Georgia . Still ways to save ? Flexible travelers may still find ways to save , says Brian Kelly , founder of thepointsguy.com . "  Most airlines will let you book or put a fare on hold and cancel by midnight the next day for free , " he says . "  Put it on hold or book it , and if it goes down the next day , then book the lowest fare . You can keep doing that until the fare goes down . "  If it does , that is . Remember that certain airlines do n't charge for checked bags and some airline credit cards may offer free checked baggage for cardholders .  Do n't forget the presents ! Consider an upgrade . "  Coach may be packed but this may be the time to upgrade " because business travelers tend to stay home over the holidays . "  You 'll go online and see your flight is double the amount of miles usually charged , but you may be able to get first or business class for that same amount of miles , " says Kelly . Plan ahead next year And there 's always the takeaway lesson : put buying airline tickets on your calendar a few months before the holidays to try to get a decent fare next year . It may pay to plan ahead . That 's what Joseph Vasquez of Manhattan did this year . He and his partner bought tickets to visit family in Chicago for Thanksgiving . Purchased on August 20 , each plane ticket cost $ 325.60 . On the same airline today , the tickets would cost $ 538 . Their savings : $ 212.40 per ticket . Holbrook recommends booking even earlier . "  Most holiday travelers purchase their tickets and make their reservations 9 to 12 months in advance , " he says . "  In fact at many resorts they make next year 's deposit before they leave this year , and then when the airfares come out , they usually book early . " 6 questions that will save you money on vacation	Thanksgiving ticket prices are up compared to last year Consider buying tickets now if you must travel on certain dates Travel on the actual holiday to cut your costs Check Twitter and mobile apps for flash sales
Washington  CNN  -- A controversial quote inscribed in the granite of the Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial on the National Mall will be corrected , an official at the Interior Department confirmed to CNN . News of the change to the so-called "  drum major " line was first reported Friday afternoon in the Washington Post . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has given the National Park Service 30 days to consult with the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial Project Foundation , members of the King family and others to decide on a more accurate version of the quote , the official said . The quote holds a prominent place among more than a dozen King 's most notable lines at the site . The memorial site features a commanding 30-foot statue of King , arms folded across his chest , emerging from a "  Stone of Hope . " The quote in question is inscribed on one side of the stone . The abbreviated and paraphrased version of the line sparked controversy last summer when acclaimed poet and author Maya Angelou said it made the civil rights leader appear to be arrogant . The line reads : "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " In fact , King 's original words , from a 1968 sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , were : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " Angelou said that leaving out the "  if " changes the meaning . In an interview in October , Martin Luther King III said the quote would be changed , but did not elaborate . "  It 's going to be corrected . First of all is what we understand . But I do n't know exactly how it got to that place . That was not -- number one , that was not what dad said , " he told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield . "  The issue is addressed , because it 's going to be corrected . " Now the Interior Department is taking action . The MLK memorial sits on the Tidal Basin between the Lincoln Memorial and the Thomas Jefferson Memorial . The "  drum major " quote was not the only point of contention when it came to the monument , which was more than two decades in the making . Some criticized the foundation for choosing a Chinese sculptor , Lei Yixin , to carve the statue . Others believe it does not accurately depict the civil rights icon . Martin Luther King Jr. . Day will be observed across the country Monday . Dozens of students from an elementary school in Washington took turns Friday reciting King 's " ' I Have A Dream " speech . "  We are humbled to be here today in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the enduring legacy of his vision for a nation united by respect , integrity and justice , " said Watkins Elementary School assistant principal Suriya Douglas Williams . "  Our fifth-graders have studied and prepared diligently to share Dr. King 's message with you , a message which still resonates today , nearly five decades after he first delivered it . " CNN 's Greg Clary contributed to this report .	Inscription on King memorial in Washington to be corrected Critics were unhappy with ` drum major ' quote abbreviation Monday is Martin Luther King Jr. . Day
CNN  -- The deputy prime minister of Belize is calling for full prosecution of those responsible for destroying a 2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid to turn it into rock for roads . "  All those found responsible for the destruction of this site should be persecuted to the full extent of the law , " read a statement from the office of Gaspar Vega , who is also the representative for the Orange Walk area in northern Belize where the Noh Mul pyramid was destroyed last week . Only a small chunk of the pyramid , which stood about 65 feet tall and was the center of a settlement of about 40,000 people in 250 B.C. , remains after backhoes and bulldozers began removing the limestone slabs with which it was built last week . The pyramid stood on private land . The limestone is favored for building roads in the area , and the local chapter of the Belize Tourism Industry Association alleged in a statement that local government officials have been complicit in the destruction of ancient sites like Noh Mul . "  Noh Mul had been one of the ancient monuments with the greatest tourism development potential in northern Belize , " the association said . "  Unfortunately , such progress has been severely hampered due to the ignorance and greed of certain individuals . " "  More sites have been destroyed in Orange Walk by the Ministry of Works and others for road fill material than in any other part of the country , " the association said it was told by an unnamed senior government official . In his statement , Vega denied any involvement . "  Minister Vega also emphatically repudiates the allegation and or perception that he was involved in any way with the destruction of the Noh Mul , " the statement read . In a separate statement , Belize 's Ministry of Tourism & Culture said it had commissioned a full investigation of the Noh Mul destruction , calling it "  callous , ignorant and unforgivable . " "  Cultural landmarks such as Noh Mul are sacred artifacts of Belizean history and should be protected at all costs . This expressed disdain for our laws and policies is incomprehensible , " the ministry statement said . Archeologists had similar words for what happened to the pyramid . "  This is one of the worst that I have seen in my entire 25 years of archaeology in Belize , " John Morris , an archaeologist with the country 's Institute of Archaeology , told local channel 7NewsBelize . "  We ca n't salvage what has happened out here -- it is an incredible display of ignorance . " The institute 's director , Jaime Awe , called the destruction "  one of the worse set of blows I have felt philosophically and professionally . " Archaeologists said they would ask police to take action against both the landowner and contractor , according to local media reports . "  It is against the law ; it is against the nature act to willfully destroy an ancient monument , " Awe told News5 in Belize . "  Any willful destruction of an ancient site or monument has penalties of 10 years ' imprisonment or $ 10,000 for this kind of destruction . "	2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid ripped up for road fill Tourism board alleges involvement by government officials Tourism and culture ministy says full investigation ordered
CNN  -- Ayman Kandeel grabs the producer of a television network and smacks the lanky young man , cursing angrily . He throws studio furniture at the camera crew . Then he turns his attention to the beautiful female anchor . Before she can duck , he slaps her across the face , leaving her curled up in a corner of the room . Kandeel is a famous actor in Egypt , but this is not a skit . He was victimized by a provocative new Egyptian television show called "  Alhokm Baad Almozawla , " or Judgment After a Prank . On the program , Egyptian actress Iman Mubarak talks with celebrities under the pretense that the interview is for an Arabic-speaking German network . After an often tense dialogue on Egyptian-Israeli relations , the show crew dupes the interviewee into thinking they are actually on an Israeli TV station and begin provoking and taunting the subject . Reactions have included anti-Israeli slurs , desperate cries to leave and , as in Kandeel 's case , physical assault . "  This is a candid-camera program , but it is different than any other candid-camera shows that can be shallow , " said Haytham al-Feel , the show 's creator . "  It explores a deep subject matter , and it covers an important gut-level issue . The issue is , of course , Egypt 's relationship with Israel . " In one episode , panicked actress Dina Abo Elsoud spends nearly four minutes struggling to push away four men who are blocking the exit door and yelling "  We are Israelis " at her . "  I swear to God I want to leave ! Let me leave ! " Abo Elsoud whimpers as she breaks down into tears . Finally the crew shouts , "  You are on ` Alhokm Baad Almozawla . ' Everyone clap . Give her a big round of applause ! " Abo Elsoud continues to cry for a few moments . Still shocked and petrified , she mutters , "  I just got scared they would kidnap me . " In another episode , actress Mayar al-Beblawi says all Israelis are "  real liars . " "  They keep whining all the time about the Holocaust or whatever it 's called , " she says . "  With all the Palestinians that you have killed , you are still whining about the Holocaust and its lousy figures ? " The heated rhetoric and violent assaults on the program have prompted a firestorm of international criticism and allegations of anti-Semitism . And with the election of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy after more than a year of political upheaval , the show 's popularity has raised concern about the stability of Egypt 's three-decade-old peace accord with Israel . "  The program ` Alhokm Baad Almozawla ' results in inciting public opinion against peace , " Ofir Gendelman , spokesman to the Arab media in the Israeli prime minister 's office , remarked on Twitter . "  From our perspective , peace is fundamental and vindictive programs like this will not be broadcast in Israel . " The show also appears to be no laughing matter for the Israeli press , with critical headlines ranging from "  Audience applauds violent anti-Semitism on Egypt TV "  Jerusalem Post  to "  Reality show reveals ingrained Egyptian hatred for Israel "  Israel Today Magazine  . But al-Feel said "  there is a difference between expressing hate for Israel and its politics and expressing hate for the Jewish people . " He said celebrities were happy to give consent so their footage could be aired on the show . "  Once the guests found out it was prank , they really loved the idea and enjoyed the show and agreed to be on it , " he said . "  We felt there was an overwhelming sense of patriotism and pride in standing up for Egypt and the Arabs . " All of the episodes were taped before the show became one of the top five Ramadan programs on Egyptian television station Al Nahar . The show also boasts more than four million YouTube viewers , and the show 's producers say the success should n't be overshadowed by the punches and the insults . "  We have produced 95 episodes , and in only three did the personalities attack the crew , " al-Feel said . "  The normal reaction is for people to reject the dialogue because they were duped . ... Others refused to complete the interview because it was on an Israeli TV station and they boycott all relations with Israel , which is their right . " "  The program intends to deliver a message , and I believe the reaction by Israel is very natural , " said Waleed al-Feel , chairman of the show 's production company . "  A majority of Egyptians will boycott any interaction with Israel after its historical oppression of the Arab people . We are not against , however , the peace treaty with Israel . We are against the apartheid . " In post-revolution Egypt , the end to the censorship of the Mubarak regime has fueled a wave of original new content set to tackle taboo issues from sexual harassment to AIDS . But it also means the media community is less inclined to curb what might be offensive . "  In America and Europe , there is no censorship on cinema or TV . No topic is off-limits , " said Haytham al-Feel . "  So why are people against our show ? The show is an idea , and it is freedom of expression , and our guests also have freedom of expression to say what they believe . " Images of Tahrir : Egypt 's revolutionary art	A popular television show in Egypt plays pranks on unwitting celebrities They are asked about their views on Israel and then told they are on Israeli TV Some have responded with anti-Israeli slurs and violence before being told it is a prank Show 's creator : The show "  covers an important gut-level issue "
CNN  -- Supporters of Proposition 8 , California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage , are asking that a judge 's injunction barring the measure 's enforcement be thrown out because the judge failed to disclose his involvement in a long-term same-sex relationship . In August , then-U.S. Chief Judge Vaughn Walker ruled the measure violates the Constitution 's equal protection clause . "  Proposition 8 does nothing more than enshrine in the California Constitution the notion that opposite-sex couples are superior to same-sex couples , " Walker wrote in his 136-page opinion . But on April 6 , Walker ended months of speculation by publicly disclosing "  that he is gay and that he has been in a committed relationship for more than 10 years , " said a motion filed Monday by Proposition 8 backers . In previous press reports , according to the motion , Walker refused comment on his sexual orientation . While the press reports do not address the question of whether Walker and his partner have any interest in marrying , the motion said , Walker should have either recused himself from the case or disclosed his sexual orientation "  so that the parties could consider and decide , before the case proceeded further , whether to request his recusal . " Walker , who retired at the end of February , told reporters earlier this month he did n't think it was appropriate for any judge 's sexual orientation , ethnicity , national origin or gender to stop them from presiding over a case , according to a Reuters report . "  That 's a very slippery slope , " said Walker , who was appointed to the federal bench in 1989 by President George H.W. Bush . But , argues the motion filed Monday , if Walker and his partner ever wanted -- or thought they might want -- to marry , he "  plainly had an ` interest that could be substantially affected by the outcome of the proceeding , ' " it said , citing federal law regarding disqualification of judges . "  Only if Chief Judge Walker had unequivocally disavowed any interest in marrying his partner could the parties and the public be confident that he did not have a direct personal interest in the outcome of the case , " the motion said . Same-sex marriage advocates decried the move . "  Supporters of Proposition 8 are grasping at straws because they do n't like the outcome , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz of the Human Rights Campaign . "  If their real intent was to ` protect marriage , ' they should argue that a straight married judge be disqualified since he would conceivably have an interest in protecting his own marriage . The argument is simply ridiculous on its face . " However , Peter Sprigg , senior fellow for policy studies at the conservative Family Research Council , said he supports the motion . "  The fact that Judge Walker was biased in a generic sense was obvious from his decision itself , " Sprigg said . "  But the revelation that he has been in a long-term homosexual relationship demonstrates that he had a very specific interest in the case which should have been disclosed . " "  I think there is zero chance of the decision being overturned because of this purported conflict , but it might have been wiser for Judge Walker to make this disclosure before taking on the case , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN legal analyst . The motion says that proceedings in the case have been "  marked by a number of irregular and unprecedented rulings , both procedural and substantive , that give gravely disquieting force to the ` appearance of partiality ' created by the belated disclosure of Chief Judge Walker 's long-term , committed relationship . " It cites several examples , among them the fact that Walker refused to stay his judgment pending appeal despite its "  unprecedented nature ... and its sharp conflict with the uniform judgment of appellate courts throughout the country . " As a result , the motion argues , the Ninth Circuit was forced to issue such a stay . The Proposition 8 backers emphasize that in the motion , they are not suggesting a gay or lesbian judge could not hear the case -- only that no judge should try a case where they might have an interest in the outcome . "  We deeply regret the necessity of this motion , " it says . "  In this case , it is undeniable that Chief Judge Walker failed to make the required disclosure . At no point prior to the entry of judgment did Chief Judge Walker disclose that he is in a now 10-year long , committed same-sex relationship . And he has yet to disclose whether he has any interest in marrying his partner should the injunction he issued be upheld on appeal , " the motion said . " ... Simply stated , under governing California law , Chief Judge Walker currently can not marry his partner , but his decision in this case , and the sweeping injunction he entered to enforce it , would give him a right to do so . " Toobin said the Proposition 8 supporters were not saying the judge should n't have heard the case because he is gay . "  They 're saying he could n't hear the case because he was in precisely the kind of relationship that would be affected by his decision , " he explained . "  I still think that is not necessarily disqualifying , because judges deal with issues that affect them in a broad sense all the time , but it might have been a better practice to put the cards on the table , " he said . " ... It gets to be a closer question when it 's not just the general group affected , but the precise sub-group whose rights are at issue in the case . " While the argument is a legitimate one , Toobin predicted it will not succeed . "  It 's all part of the strategy of litigating a high-profile case . You look for every advantage you can . " But , "  if Walker was willing to say something publicly after the case , he probably should have been willing to say something before the case , " he said . " ... I think disclosure is almost always the better practice . " The civil rights challenge remains at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit , and the issue remains unresolved , although a ruling is expected later this year . The court in December set aside Walker 's decision , which would have allowed same-sex marriages to resume in California . Walker 's ruling assured a swift federal appeal that ultimately may reach the U.S. Supreme Court . One sticking point could be whether Proposition 8 supporters in court -- all private citizens and groups -- have legal "  standing " to continue appealing the case . If the appeals court rules they do not , the Supreme Court may not wade into the issue , some legal experts have said , giving no clear guidance on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage nationwide . The high court , in a 1997 unrelated appeal , expressed "  grave doubts " about the ability of such private groups to challenge rulings that strike down ballot initiatives . The state 's high court had allowed same-sex marriages in California , but then Proposition 8 passed with 52 percent of the vote in 2008 . Prior to Walker 's ruling , the California Supreme Court allowed that initiative to stand , saying it represented the will of the people . CNN 's Bill Mears and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Human Rights Campaign : "  The argument is simply ridiculous " Former Judge Vaughn Walker blocked enforcement of Proposition 8 After his retirement , he confirmed he is involved in a same-sex relationship Supporters of the same-sex marriage ban say Walker should have disclosed that
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- It has been dubbed India 's version of the Hollywood blockbuster "  Avatar . " And just like the movie , the indigenous group fighting to save its sacred homeland has won a major fight . A plan by British mining giant Vedanta Resources to dig in the mineral-rich eastern state of Orissa has stalled . Environment authorities on Tuesday rejected proposals to mine the mountain , saying any such activity in that area would jeopardize livelihoods of tribes . "  If mining is permitted on this site , it will not only be illegal , but it will also destroy one of the most sacred sites of the Kondh Primitive Tribal Groups , " the Ministry of Environment and Forests said . The multi-billion project has come under scrutiny as advocacy groups , such as Survival International and Amnesty International , likened the Dongria Kondh tribe to the Na ` vi from James Cameron 's film . "  This is the real Avatar , " reads one of Survival International 's campaign posters . For years , the 8,000-person indigenous community has been fighting to defend the Niyamgiri Hills , which it considers sacred . The Niyamgiri Hills contain some 72 million tons of bauxite , which Vedanta was planning to extract for its aluminum refinery located nearby . Several calls to Vedanta were not returned . Earlier this month the company announced that it had invested in Indian oil-gas company Cairn Energy in a deal worth $ 9.6 billion . The ongoing dispute between the Dongria Kondh tribe and Vedanta Resources highlights a broader standoff between industry and local residents . Earlier this month , the government put a "  stop work " order on another major venture in Orissa -- a $ 12-billion steel plant proposed by South Korea 's POSCO . Analysts say these recent moves could signify a change in the Indian government 's approach toward the broader issue of tribal rights versus development .	Indian authorities reject company 's proposal to mine in eastern state of Orissa The site is viewed as sacred by the Dongria Kondh tribe Vedanta Resources wanted to mine bauxite there
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad 's latest attempt to swim across the Straits of Florida ended Tuesday morning after severe jellyfish stings and a lightning storm put her off course , her team said . She had been in the water for 60 hours and was about halfway through her swim from Cuba to Florida . Nyad was stung by jellyfish overnight , and a major lightning storm put anyone in the water in extreme danger , said Mark Sollinger , Nyad 's operations chief . He said the 62-year-old exhausted swimmer was pulled out as the dangers mounted . "  With all the threats continuing , Diana decided that it was not a risk that we wanted to take , " Sollinger said . Nyad 's lips and face are swollen , but she is holding up "  as well as someone who just spent 63 hours " performing a "  monumental and extremely dangerous " feat , Sollinger told CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien . " Sollinger described her achievement as "  huge , " despite having to stop before she reached Florida . "  It 's a cross between being down , being so tired because everyone wanted this so much , and a huge sense of accomplishment , " he said . "  Nobody in the world would even attempt this , but we did . " Nyad was making her fourth attempt to swim across the Straits of Florida . The full distance from Havana , Cuba , to Key West , Florida , is 103 miles . On Saturday night , her first night in the water , Nyad was stung by jellyfish on her lips , forehead , hands and neck , her blog said . The next night , a sudden squall blew her off course . "  There is lots of lightning out there and the storm is blowing right on top of Diana , " a blog post stated early Monday , adding that the swimmer was safe and "  feeling strong . " But Nyad and her crew were treated to a grand display of dolphins Monday evening . Girl , 14 , crosses Lake Ontario Nyad 's first attempt to cross the Straits of Florida was in 1978 , when rough seas left her battered , delirious and less than halfway toward her goal . She tried again twice last year , but her efforts ended after an 11-hour asthma attack and jellyfish stings . Nyad insisted Friday she was ready to try it again . "  I 'm feeling tremendous inner pressure that this has got to be it , this has got to be the last time , " she said . Nyad was swimming without a shark cage , relying on electronic shark repellent and a team of divers to keep the predators away . In the 1970s , she won multiple swimming marathons and was one of the first women to swim around the island of Manhattan . She holds the world 's record for longest ocean swim -- 102.5 miles from Bimini in the Bahamas to Jupiter , Florida . Nyad said she was 8 years old when she first dreamed about swimming across the Straits of Florida . At the time , she was in Cuba on a trip from her home in Florida in the 1950s , before Fidel Castro led a Communist takeover in Cuba and the country 's relations with the United States soured . "  I used to stand on the beach and I said to my mother , ' I wonder if anybody could swim over there , ' " Nyad recalled saying while pointing to the Keys . In her 60s , she says , she still feels "  vital  and  powerful " -- and definitely "  not old . " A successful swim ideally will inspire people her age and older not to let their age hinder them , Nyad said . "  When I walk up on that shore in Florida , I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say , ` I 'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do . I 'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at . I 'm going to adopt a child . It 's not too late , I can still live my dreams , ' " she had said . From the archives : Nyad will not attempt crossing again From the archives : Jellyfish , currents cut short Cuba-to-Florida swim From the archives : Nyad stung again in swim attempt , team says CNN 's Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Diana Nyad performed a "  monumental and extremely dangerous " feat She was about halfway through her swim when she exited the water "  Nobody in the world would even attempt this , but we did . That 's huge , " her team says She had been blown off course by a storm , the team said
CNN  -- All the world 's a stage , Shakespeare wrote long before television came into view . Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes , Andy Warhol added a few centuries later . Which leads us inexorably to Michaele and Tareq Salahi 's exuberant Facebook posting : "  Honored to be at the White House for the state dinner in honor of India with President Obama and our First Lady ! " They have the pictures to prove it , and the overnight fame , too . The Salahis , with a Bravo camera crew in tow , apparently were trying to ratchet up their prospects for the cable network 's upcoming "  The Real Housewives of D.C. " If only the Salahis were the exception . But the modern-day reality show genre , spearheaded nearly a decade ago by the first edition of CBS ' "  Survivor , " has become a tidal wave of cost-efficient TV programming starring ... pretty much anyone . Its inhabitants increasingly are called on to step up the pace in pursuit of myriad available slots on networks large , small and sometimes desperate . Stand out in a crowd , or be pushed aside by someone who will . Crashing a White House state dinner has proved to be just the ticket for the fame-craving Salahis . Their audacious breach of Secret Service security has trumped the reality show aspirations of the "  balloon boy " family and possibly even knocked Jon Gosselin out of the "  Entertainment Tonight " spotlight for a day or two . Imagine that . What does this say about us as a people ? Well , the quest for fame is hardly new . Nor is our collective fascination with train wrecks . What 's changed is the escalation in available venues . There 's seemingly no limit to the number of enablers out there . Hitting it big with a "  reality " franchise can work wonders for a TV network 's bottom line , overall visibility -- or both . Once upon a time , TLC was The Learning Channel . You actually could learn something by watching its instructional and educational programming . But the network gradually got out of that business . And it hit the mother lode with "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " which eventually became the public face of a broken marriage while making the Gosselins internationally famous . Bravo , home to the ever-expanding "  Real Housewives " franchise , used to devote itself to the performing arts . That began to change in a hurry after NBC Universal took control of the network in 2002 . The network now offers a virtual wall-to-wall reality lineup , with only occasional intrusions from "  Inside the Actors Studio , " the only remaining evidence of what Bravo used to be . A&E originally launched as the Arts & Entertainment Network . Believe it or not , it once housed an anthology series , "  A&E Stage , " that brought its audience plays , concerts , documentaries and even opera . The reality bug long since has bitten hard , though , with the once high-minded cable outlet now best known for "  Dog the Bounty Hunter , Intervention " and "  Criss Angel Mindfreak . " MTV used to be nothing but music videos . "  The Real World " changed everything . NBC had a long and well-earned reputation for Emmy-caliber comedies and dramas such as "  Seinfeld , " "  The Cosby Show , " "  Frasier , " "  Hill Street Blues , " "  ER " and "  L.A. Law . " Now its most popular attraction , other than "  Sunday Night Football , " is a weekly two-hour dose of "  The Biggest Loser , " where little other than size matters . Against this backdrop , the Salahis in a way are only acting naturally . That 's lamentable , a sad commentary , an appalling sign of our times , etc. , etc. . But TV has created -- and continues to create -- a bottomless pit of venues where preeners are prized commodities and abnormal behavior is not only encouraged but intrinsic to the common goal . The lone exception these days appears to be major league baseball . When a goofball fan runs out onto the field , the cameras turn away so as not to reward the trespasser with a minute or two of national or regional exposure . What a concept . Too bad it 'll never catch on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Reality shows are a low-cost form of entertainment for TV networks , says Ed Bark He says the shows encourage people to do attention-getting stunts Bark says the White House gate crashers topped "  Jon & Kate " and the "  balloon boy " story TV has created a "  bottomless pit " of venues for abnormal behavior , Bark says
CNN  -- Professed "  Jersey girl " Christeena Hockin-Minopetros began collecting sea glass from the New Jersey shore when she was 5 . She recalls that when she was younger , before the glass became scarce , you could walk home with a bucketful after a day at the beach . Now , 10 months after Hurricane Sandy hammered the Atlantic coastline , the Florida resident says she 's shocked by how many of the frosty relics she found while walking along Sea Bright Beach back home this summer . "  It 's everywhere , " Hockin-Minopetros said , explaining how she found two large bags of sea glass in a variety of hues : brown , white , blue , milky green and a "  gorgeous " red piece she ca n't take her eyes off . We can thank Sandy for the finds , said coastal geologist Cheryl Hapke . "  This is an epic summer for a collection of beach glass , " she said . Sea glass , or beach glass , begins essentially as garbage -- broken glass dumped into fresh or salt water . Over time , waves , water and sand smooth its sharp edges . It 's the smaller pieces of sea glass that usually get brought onto shore for people to pick up , Hapke said . It 's well-known that hurricanes erode seashores and hamper tourism , but , according to Hapke , a storm like Sandy -- which boasted record-high waves in late October -- can filter larger , coarse materials from the seabed and wash them onto the shoreline . That 's good news for beach-side businesses that sell their finds . As Sandy swallowed beaches and deterred patrons , businesses in southern New Jersey 's Cape May Point suffered , said resident Jeanette Bartolomeo . Her son-in-law 's Sunset Beach Gift Shops , where Bartolomeo works as the jewelry manager , were among the few fortunate . Never mind the sea glass ; Bartolomeo 's eye is drawn to the "  Cape May Diamonds " -- clear quartz pebbles that , when polished , resemble real diamonds -- and Sunset Beach Gift Shops are known for their collection . The pure quartz pebbles , which break off from pockets of quartz crystal in the upper reaches of the Delaware River , have always been in abundance , but bigger pieces churn up after a storm . That 's why Hurricane Sandy and the February nor'easter were "  a blessing , " Bartolomeo said . "  Thank God they keep coming in , " she said . Though Sandy did n't damage Cape May as much as other parts of New Jersey , many residents and visitors assumed beaches and shops there were closed , so Cape May tourism suffered and business was slower than usual , Bartolomeo said . "  We had people calling , ` Are you open now ? ' " she said . "  But we were never closed . " Gov. Chris Christie 's administration announced last week that every public boardwalk and beach along the New Jersey shore is now open , after 10 months of renovations and "  beach replenishing . " Bartolomeo said she 's already seen an increase in tourists this summer at Sunset Beach , where visitors can be found scouring the beach for the quarter-size "  diamonds " washing up on the shore . Despite the good news for many businesses , Hockin-Minopetros is concerned that beach replenishing -- by which sand from other areas is used to revitalize an eroded beach -- might affect the abundance of sea glass , much like she worries construction and spiking insurance rates along the coast could affect the shoreline 's pristine quaintness . "  I 'm afraid New Jersey 's shoreline will be one big McMansion , and that saddens me deeply , " she said . In addition to the sea glass she collects to craft into jewelry , which she sells , Hockin-Minopetros also keeps a personal collection of about 500 "  really fantastic " pieces , most of which she collected while living in Greece . But her best piece is one she picked up in Point Pleasant , New Jersey , she said . The heavy , 8-inch-long , clear glass is actually a deck prism , which sailors used in the upper deck of a ship to illuminate the ship 's passageways below deck . It 's one she wo n't be selling , she said . "  I only keep the real unusual , " she said .	Sea glass , scarce before Hurricane Sandy , makes resurgence in New Jersey In southern part of state , Cape May "  diamonds " from Delaware River wash up Governor says all beaches , boardwalks open after 10 months of repair
CNN Student News  -- January 12 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Arizona • Gulf of Mexico • Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's a pleasure to welcome you to this midweek edition of CNN Student News . We 're bringing the world , without commercials , to your classroom . And I 'm your captain , Carl Azuz . First Up : Arizona Discourse AZUZ : Doctors are keeping a close watch on Arizona Representative Gabrielle Giffords . Three days after a gunman tried to assassinate her at an event in Tucson , Giffords was responding to doctors ' commands and giving hopeful signs , though her condition remained critical . Experts say if she survives , her recovery could take anywhere from several months to a year and a half . Meantime , President Obama was scheduled to fly to Tucson today . The White House says he 'll probably attend a memorial service and meet with some families of the shooting victims . Six people were killed and 14 wounded in the attack . There 's a national conversation building around part of this story , and we 're gon na include you in it . Here 's what 's going on : This man you 're about to see here , an Arizona sheriff named Clarence Dupnik , has been talking about the Arizona shooter , and what might have influenced him to attack . Here 's part of the sheriff 's opinion : CLARENCE DUPNIK , SHERIFF OF PIMA COUNTY , ARIZONA : When the rhetoric about hatred , about mistrust of government , about paranoia of how government operates , and to try to inflame the public on a daily basis , 24 hours a day , seven days a week , has impact on people , especially who are unbalanced personalities to begin with . AZUZ : The sheriff , who 's a Democrat , is suggesting that conservative talk show hosts and media coverage of people who are angry at the government somehow influenced the Arizona shooter . But police have not discussed an official motive for the attack . And another sheriff , Joe Arpaio , another Arizona sheriff , says all the evidence so far suggests the gunman had no clear political motives -- that he 's just a deeply troubled and mentally unstable person . What do Americans think ? Well , a new national poll by CBS shows most Americans , 57 percent , do n't think angry political speech contributed to the shooting . 32 percent think it did . Here 's where you come into the conversation . What are your thoughts on the Arizona shooting ? Are there any lessons to be learned from it ? Our blog is always open at CNNStudentNews.com ! What 's the Word TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? a type of storm with extremely strong winds that blow from the northeast NOR'EASTER That 's the word ! Winter Storm Update AZUZ : Chances are , if you live on America 's East coast and have n't yet been socked in by snow and ice , your turn is coming . The storm that smacked the Southeast is now heading north . Forecasters expect it to merge with another system from the Midwest . What does all that mean ? Another foot of snow possible for New York City . You see New York here , earlier this year , reeling from storms then . Another foot of snow is possible for Boston , Massachusetts . At least 30 states were under some sort of winter storm watch or warning yesterday . And the South ? Still crippled by chaotic conditions . The snow that covered the streets froze into a hard sheet of ice Monday night . Driving was out -- even walking was dangerous in some spots . Rob Marciano stepped outside CNN Center to show us why this is such a big deal for the Southeast . Rob ? BEGIN VIDEO ROB MARCIANO , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : Check it out , Carl . Snow and ice on the sidealks of downtown Atlanta . Yeah , it 's happened before but not sticking around for days at a time . What an amazing , incredible ice storm this was , and snow storm , across the South , especially for Atlanta . We seem to have been right in the core of the heaviest snow . And then , bam ! The freezing temperatures and the freezing rain coming on top of that just really crippling this entire metropolitan area . From downtown to the interstates we had jack-knifed tractor trailers all over the place . On that 285 loop which is designed to take the tractor trailers out of the downtown area , well , that did n't help entirely too much . So , the other thing that 's not helping is the storm cranking up the Northeastern seaboard . That 's bringing in even more cold air . Even though we get times where it gets above freezing during the day . At night the temperatures drop well below freezing . You got to look at this and say to yourself , Atlanta 's mentality for snow removal is let it melt . Well , we may have to wait for quite some time , Carl ? END VIDEO Oil Spill Report AZUZ : Thanks , Rob . If we do n't take drastic action to prevent this in the future , it could happen again . That 's the word from a final report on last summer 's catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . It started with this , an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig . That later sank and caused the worst oil spill in American history . The clean-up is still going on for this ! The "  National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Spill and Offshore Drilling " says the government and the oil industry need to research more , invest more money , and keep better tabs on safety and knowledge of how to contain oil spills . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Huber 's exploratory class at Loveland Middle School in Loveland , Ohio ! Port-au-Prince is the capital of what country ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Cuba , B  Dominican Republic , C  Haiti or D  Venezuela ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Port-au-Prince is the capital of the Caribbean nation of Haiti . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Haiti Then & Now AZUZ : It 's been exactly one year since that capital -- and much of Haiti -- were violently shaken to the ground by a tremendous earthquake . Flooding and disease outbreaks have further slowed down Haiti 's recovery . Still needed there : safe water and sewage systems , training for health workers , money to help get rid of diseases . Moni Basu describes how one year after the quake , not much has changed . BEGIN VIDEO MONI BASU , CNN CORRESPONDENT : My name is Moni Basu . I 'm a journalist for CNN . When I came to Haiti last January my heart broke . I 've covered difficult stories before but this one was particularly difficult for me . And I had hoped that when I came back a year later I would see a lot more progress than this . I 'm sitting here in the Notre Dame Cathedral in Port-au-Prince . As you can see it pretty much looks like it did last January 12 . Every Sunday thousands of people come here still for services There 's no building left here so the priest preaches outside in a small park . The building was shattered but their faith was not shattered . Their faith is stronger than it ever was . I think the most iconic image that came out in the days after the earthquake was the national palace . It was destroyed to the point where it had been slated for demolition . But very little work has been done on it since last January . And it 's a constant reminder to the people of what happened here . This is the Champs de Mars Plaza in Port-au-Prince , the central plaza in the city . Slowly in the days and weeks after the earthquake , a tent city sprung up here , and the more the time went by people realized , "  We 're not going anywhere , we 're going have to make new homes , new lives for ourselves right here . " There 's a grocery store , there 's a cyber cafe , even . The tent city has become a little city within the larger city of Port-au-Prince . It 's pretty shocking to see that a year later people are still living like this . I 'm always amazed when I come back to Haiti to see how much strength the people here have . It 's just incredible to me how they are able to go on . I just ca n't imagine having to live through something like this day after day after day . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Remarkable images in that report . We want you to intro our show ! And at CNNStudentNews.com , we have a video that explains how you can send us a video ! You just scroll down our home page , which you see right here . Find the "  How Do I " box -- it 's on the left side . And click on "  How do I send CNN Student News my iReport ? " Yours truly will pop up with a totally different haircut , and give you step-by-step instructions on sending your footage to us . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , I used to read Jack London in high school , maybe that 's why I picture sled dogs as huskies , dragging wood and steel through the Yukon . This is a different kind of animal . A slack dog , not a pack dog . A coaster , not a boaster . A chiller , not a thriller ! He and his owner show the other side of Atlanta 's icy conditions : The fun shared by man and beast , when you 've got nowhere to go but downhill . Goodbye AZUZ : Just hope he stayed warm . Without a sweater , a hot dog can quickly turn into a pup-sicle . Please join us again tomorrow -- CNN Student News only has ice for you . Bye bye !	A national conversation builds in the aftermath of an Arizona shooting The storm system that paralyzed the Southeast now threatens the Northeast Haiti is still reeling one year after a devastating earthquake Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Former South African president Nelson Mandela will attend the World Cup opening ceremony on Friday , according to his grandson . Nkosi Mandela said his grandfather would be on hand to greet the crowd at the Soccer City Stadium , but that he would n't stay for the entirety of the opening game between South Africa and Mexico . He told a press conference : "  The current discussion is that we afford him time to come in whether it is ten minutes or 15 minutes to walk around the stadium and wave at the crowd . "  But I think to have him sit there an entire 90 minutes of soccer would really impact his state of health because it is winter after all , so we have to guard against that . "  As South Africans we wish him to live for many more years to come . " The 91-year-old played a pivotal role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa but has made limited public appearances recently . However , he did meet the South Africa squad last week . Current president Jacob Zuma paid tribute to Mandela at an event to mark the opening ceremony of the 60th FIFA Congress . "  Nelson Mandela worked hard that we should win the right to host this tournament . We dedicate the World Cup to him , " he was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  There are a few moments that define a nation 's history . We stand on the threshold of one as we draw closer and closer to Friday , June 11 when the World Cup officially begins . "  What an honour and what a privilege for this 16-year-old democracy . Our country has become a stage for the international community to celebrate humanity , achievement and friendship . " As World Cup fever grows in South Africa , thousands of South Africans poured onto the streets of Johannesburg on Wednesday as the national team paraded through the city .	Nelson Mandela will attend the World Cup opening ceremony says his grandson Former South African president will greet the crowd at Soccer City Stadium Current president Jacob Zuma dedicates the World Cup to Mandela
CNN  -- The football world had n't seen anything quite like it before . On Tuesday night the Turkish giants of Fenerbahce took on Manisaspor in Istanbul in what should have been an empty stadium . A pitch invasion by Fenerbahce 's notoriously boisterous fans during a friendly in July had forced the Turkish Football Federation  TFF  to ban the male supporters from attending two games as punishment . Instead as many as 43,000 women and children took advantage of free tickets to fill the stands with songs , banners and passion every bit as intense as their male compatriots . "  This atmosphere was one of the kind and historic in the sense of Turkish football as well as international football , " Fenerbahce 's vice-president Ali Koc told CNN 's Pedro Pinto . "  The women of Fenerbahce sports club have shown us what they can do for their club , what they can do for Turkish football and I think this was an event that was exemplary for sports . " Fenerbahce won last year 's Turkish championship but a cloud has hung over the club since allegations of match fixing came to light during the summer . Several of Turkey 's highest profile football figures have been arrested during the investigations which lead to the TFF withdrawing Fenerbahce from this year 's UEFA Champions League group stage draw . Tuesday night 's match was going to be another night of shame for Turkish football , until the TFF allowed children under 12 and an accompanying adult to attend 24 hours before kick off . By the next morning thousands of women in Fenerbahce shirts lined up for tickets and images were beamed across the globe of what was surely the highest female attendance at a men 's match in world football . It was a good news story for Fenerbahce just when Turkish football needed it . "  Tuesday night we had 43,000 fans in the stadium , " Koc told CNN . "  As you know the club is going through some troubled times with allegations of match fixing ... The fans have gone beyond the call of duty to embrace the club and fight for the rights of the club . " According to Koc Fenerbahce has long pursued a more family-friendly approach and regularly attract up to 8,000 women , around 20 per cent of the crowd . "  Lot of songs , a lot of chanting and solidarity , " Koc replied when asked how the atmosphere differed to a typical match day . "  A man has less patience waiting in line for tickets . Coming to the stadium of course men are lot more loud and more synchronized but the women were a lot more passionate and a lot more encouraging . " But the crowd was not rewarded with the victory that their efforts demanded . The match ended 1-1 but for Koc the effects will last long after the final whistle . "  I think it 's important for Turkey because we -LSB- were -RSB- a candidate to host the World Cup , Olympics , European Championships and these committees are all sensitive to the abilities of the organizing host country to fill the stadiums -LSB- and -RSB- in this direction it was a big positive . " "  We 're disappointed we could n't send the ladies home with a victory . "	As many as 43,000 mostly female fans watch Fenerbahce play Manisaspor in Istanbul Male fans had been banned because of a pitch invasion last July Turkish football has been mired in a match fixing scandal Club vice-president Ali Koc tells CNN 's Pedro Pinto the match was "  historic "
CNN  -- Despite recent wobbles in the BRICS economies , most economists agree that the majority of world economic growth in the coming years will come from emerging markets . The story of their rise to date has been one in which women have played a large and often unreported role . I believe that as the story unfolds , women 's influence will rise further and emerging markets ' path to gender equality may follow a very different route to that of most developed countries . Let 's consider the facts . More women now attend university than men in Brazil , China and Russia . And in those countries where they are not yet the majority like India , Indonesia and Mexico , they are catching up fast , according to last year 's WEF Global Gender Gap report . More women than men are now also entering the labor force , helping fuel the growth in emerging economies . In relative terms , they 're more economically active in China and Russia than in the United States already , while in Mexico and Brazil they are entering the labor force faster than in the U.S. And women are increasingly providing the skills that emerging market companies need to compete on a global stage . Like the U.S. , Russia , Brazil , China and South Africa have more women than men in professional and technical positions such as teaching , medicine and finance . Even higher up the career ladder , in most major emerging markets , with the exception of China , women hold now more than a third of managerial roles . So , what does this mean for the future of the more than 1 billion women living in these emerging markets ? Will we see a world where these countries become world leaders on gender equality in the economy ? The economic , political and social trends we are witnessing suggest this may be the case . For one thing , the dynamism of emerging economies is helping tip the scale in favor of women . Fast-growth companies are much more likely to change the gender ratio than slow-growth ones : they 're simply less beholden to the traditional hierarchies of today 's Fortune 500 companies and , frankly , can not afford to discriminate as they scale up fast . While the rich world is trying to figure out how to create a more women-friendly culture in business , these countries are growing their own corporate cultures organically . And it 's having an impact on wages . According to the World Economic Forum , women earn wages that are closer to those of men  for similar work  in Malaysia , the UAE , Nigeria , Indonesia and China in comparison to the United States . It 's also about political will . Emerging economies seem more able to embrace bold , progressive policies to integrate women into leadership roles than their counterparts in the developed world . For example , proposals to increase women on boards remain unpopular in the UK and unthinkable in the U.S. while India , the UAE and Malaysia have all recently proactively introduced quotas . These policies reflect the growing public acceptance of the need for visible female leadership -- something that took the developed world decades to achieve . Perhaps most importantly , women 's own expectations are changing , reminiscent of the transformations in 1960s America . A 2010 Harvard Kennedy School report found in Latin America , skilled women show a preference for work over marriage . In China , many high-skilled women are choosing to delay marriage and motherhood . In India , women 's own aspirations have been transformed , as evident in the national conversation about respect that was sparked by the horrific 2012 rape of a Delhi physiotherapy intern . Women 's changing aspirations are transforming the social fabric around them . For example , the lack of formal childcare systems is substituted by other solutions , such as domestic workers or relying on family members , often grandparents . The rapid rise of luminary businesswomen in these nations could also create a virtuous circle by providing homegrown role models for younger generations . Maria das Gracas Silva Foster of Petrobras in Brazil and Karen Agustiawan of Pertamina in Indonesia run some of the largest state-owned enterprises in the world . Zhang Xin , CEO of SOHO , the Chinese real estate developer , is a feted role model with millions of followers on social media . Emerging market women leaders are vocal on gender issues , too . Guler Sabanci of Sabanci Holdings , for example , is one of the most powerful women in Turkey and is publicly committed to addressing gender parity in her country . Emerging markets ' ability to couple growth with unprecedented numbers of women in the workforce is good for women , good for their countries ' economy and good for the world . While much still remains to be done to ensure that women 's safety , rights , political empowerment and health are more fully secured in these countries , their economic progress to date indicates that change is possible and that economic empowerment can contribute to that change . Ten years from now , rankings of the most economically competitive -- and the most gender equal -- countries in the world may look very different than they do today . Only time will tell , but closer competition on gender equality means that there are more winners all around . For CNN 's full coverage from Davos , click here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Saadia Zahidi .	More women in BRICS labor force fueling growth , according to WEF data Russia , Brazil , China and South Africa have more women in professional , technical positions BRICS companies embrace workplace culture which integrates women
CNN  -- As Norway struggles to come to terms with its greatest loss of life in decades , all eyes are on the man charged in the explosion in central Oslo and the deadly shooting rampage at a youth camp . While police have not officially named him , Norwegian television and newspaper reports have identified the suspect as 32-year-old Anders Behring Breivik , of Norwegian origin . A picture is emerging , gleaned from official sources and social media , of a right-wing Christian fundamentalist who may have had an issue with Norway 's multi-cultural society . Norwegian and international news outlets have run photographs of a blond man with blue-green eyes and chiseled features , dressed in a preppy style . A victim who was shot during the attack at the youth camp on Utoya island told CNN Saturday that he had seen pictures of Breivik taken from what is believed to be his Facebook page and shown on NRK and TV2 . The victim said he recognized the man from the news reports as the gunman . Breivik is a member of the Oslo Pistol Club and has three weapons registered in his name , according to leading Norwegian newspaper VG , citing Norway 's official weapons register . They are a Glock pistol , a rifle and a shotgun , VG reported . NRK reports that Breivik does not have a military background and was exempt from Norway 's mandatory military service . He has not had any special military training , it adds on its website . He was a youth and adult member of the conservative Fremskrittspartiet  FrP  or Progress Party , VG newspaper reports , remaining involved until 2007 . The party 's most prominent manifesto pledge is to minimize immigration . His membership was confirmed by a senior party member , Jonas Kallmyr , who is quoted by VG as saying that encountering Breivik was "  like meeting Hitler before World War II . " The leader of the Progress Party , Siv Jensen , told Norwegian broadcaster TV2 News she was "  horrified " to learn that the suspect was a former member of her party . "  But this is first and foremost an attack against the entire nation . It has affected all of us , " she said , saying that her party members stood in solidarity with the youth movement of the Labour Party . A post in Breivik 's name on an online forum , Document.no , from December 2009 , talks about non-Muslim teenagers being "  in an especially precarious situation with regards to being harassed by Islamic youth . " "  I know of many hundred occasions where non-Muslims have been robbed , beaten up and harassed by Islamic gangs , " the post reads . "  I had a best friend between the ages of 12-17 who was a Pakistani , so I was one of the many protected , cool ` potatoes ' that had protection . But this also made me see the hypocrisy up close and personal and made me nauseous . " Such anti-Islamic sentiment is nothing new in Norway or other European nations , where there has been resistance against increasing numbers of Muslims and their practices . About 3 % of Norway 's population in 2010 -- 144,000 people -- were Muslim , but that was expected to more than double to 6.5 % over the next 20 years , according to a report released earlier this year by The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . That is one of the largest percentage increases in Muslim populations across all of Europe , thanks in part to fertility rates significantly higher than those of non-Muslims . Another post in Breivik 's name in October 2009 advises "  Hans " , described as the founder of Document.no , to "  develop an alternative to the violent extreme Norwegian Marxist organisations Blitz , SOS Rasisme and Rod Ungdom " -- all left-wing movements in Norway . "  The conservatives dare not openly express their viewpoints in public because they know that the extreme Marxists will trump them . We can not accept the fact that the Labour Party is subsidising these violent "  Stoltenberg jugend " , who are systematically terrorising the politically conservative , " the post reads . He is making a reference to the youth movement of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , who heads the Labour Party . A Twitter account attributed to Breivik by Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten has only one message , dated July 17 . "  One person with a belief is equal to the force of 100,000 who has only interests , " it says , adapting a quote from 19th-century British philosopher John Stuart Mill . Police have not ruled out the possibility that other people may have helped the suspect . "  The official questioning is starting now , " Roger Andresen , a police official , told reporters during a news conference Saturday . The suspect was cooperating with police , making it clear he wanted to explain himself , Andresen said . Norway 's police website said the suspect is currently charged with breaking paragraph 147a of the penal code -- a terrorism offense , with a maximum sentence of 21 years . The statement said he was charged in both the Utoya attack and the bombing of government buildings in Oslo , and that the charges might change . "  The suspect has never been arrested by the police before , " it said . Two addresses connected to the suspect are being searched , police said . One of them is believed to be an apartment in Oslo and the other a farm in Hedmark . NRK reports that Breivik is registered as having run a company that produced "  vegetables , melons , roots and tubers " -- an industry which allows access to large amounts of fertilizer , the broadcaster notes , which can be used for explosives . An employee at a Norwegian agricultural cooperative told CNN that the man identified in media reports as the suspect in Friday 's attacks bought six tons of fertilizer from her company in May . Oddmy Estenstad , of Felleskjopet Agr , said she did not think the order was strange at the time because the suspect has a farm , but after the Oslo attack she called police because she knew the material can be used to make bombs . "  We are very shocked that this man was connected to our company , " said Estenstad . "  We are very sad about what happened . " More details on the man are sure to emerge in the coming hours and days . But what many Norwegians find hard to comprehend is that the chief suspect in the massacre appears to be one of their own . Stoltenberg stressed that whoever was behind the attacks must be dealt with properly . "  It is very important that those who are responsible -- one or several persons -- are sentenced according to Norwegian law , in the Norwegian system of justice , " he said . "  Norway is a small country but it is a proud country . We are all very close , especially in times like this . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	NEW : The 32-year-old suspect 's anti-Muslim sentiments reflect broader tensions in Europe The head of a conservative party says she is horrified that this man is a former member Anders Behring Breivik is charged in the Oslo blast and Utoya shooting , reports say Officers are searching two addresses , a flat in Oslo and a farm , connected to the suspect
Edward Snowden 's hopes of finding asylum from U.S. prosecution on espionage charges appeared to dim Tuesday as country after country denied his request or said he would have to find a way to travel to their territory to apply . While Bolivia and Venezuela seemed supportive , 11 of the 21 countries he 's applied to , including Ecuador and Iceland , have said they ca n't consider his request until he shows up at one of their embassies or on their borders . Three -- Brazil , India and Poland -- have denied the request outright . And Bolivia said Tuesday the plane carrying its president , Evo Morales , was denied permission to land for refueling in either France or Portugal because of "  unfounded " rumors that Snowden was aboard . Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca told Bolivian television that the jet made an emergency landing in the Austrian capital of Vienna and that Bolivia wanted an explanation from Paris and Lisbon . "  We do n't know who has come up with this huge lie , " Choquehuanca said , adding , "  We would like to let the international community know that the rights of aerial traffic for Bolivia have been violated . " Morales had been in Russia , where he told the Russia Today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for Snowden . And Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , also in Moscow for a tribute to his late predecessor , Hugo Chavez , said Snowden deserves protection , not prosecution . ` Unbowed ' Snowden seeks new havens Maduro said Snowden 's decision to leak details of American surveillance programs were "  a warning signal to the world , " according to statement from the president 's office . "  He 's now being persecuted and you have to wonder , why is he being persecuted ? " Maduro asked . "  How many missiles has Snowden launched against innocent peoples around the world ? Has Snowden planted bombs that killed  people  ... What crimes has he committed against humanity ? " But as of Tuesday evening , it did not appear that either country had made a firm offer of asylum , or any way for him to leave Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport . Snowden had already withdrawn his asylum request with Russian authorities after President Vladimir Putin said he would have to "  stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wanted to stay in the country . That appeared to leave him in much the same pickle he 's been in since he left Hong Kong last month for Moscow . Russian authorities say he remains in the airport transit area -- technically a free man , but unable to travel after the United States revoked his passport . Neither WikiLeaks nor Snowden has commented on the rejections . The group released a statement attributed to Snowden late Monday in which he blasted the Obama administration for trying to block his efforts to seek refuge . "  These are the old , bad tools of political aggression , " Snowden said . "  Their purpose is to frighten , not me , but those who would come after me . " But he added , "  I am unbowed in my convictions and impressed at the efforts taken by so many . " In Monday 's statement , Snowden criticized the Obama administration for yanking his passport once criminal charges were filed , "  leaving me a stateless person . " But he said the administration is n't afraid of people like him or others accused of disclosing U.S. secrets . "  No , the Obama administration is afraid of you , " he said . "  It is afraid of an informed , angry public demanding the constitutional government it was promised -- and it should be . " The United States has been pressing countries to refuse Snowden entry and hand him over to face espionage charges . His disclosures about widespread U.S. surveillance of telephones and Internet users in the United States and abroad -- based largely on documents he has acknowledged taking while an National Security Agency contractor in Hawaii -- have created a political storm at home and diplomatic headaches overseas for President Barack Obama . Opinion : U.S. intelligence community is out of control On Monday , Obama had to defend U.S. intelligence practices after fresh reports about alleged U.S. surveillance of European Commission offices in the United States and Europe , as well as surveillance at diplomatic facilities in the United States . The German news magazine Der Spiegel reported Sunday that information from Snowden detailed NSA bugging of European Union offices in Washington and New York , as well as an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels , Belgium . The reports generated a furor among European leaders , who demanded the United States come clean about the surveillance . Some , including French President Francois Hollande , said ending any such surveillance would be necessary before European leaders would be willing to start negotiations on a trans-Atlantic free trade agreement championed by Obama . Asked at a news conference in Tanzania about the latest leaks involving Snowden , Obama said he needed more information on the specific programs cited in the Der Spiegel report , but made clear such spying was commonplace . "  I guarantee you that in European capitals , there are people who are interested in , if not what I had for breakfast , at least what my talking points might be should I end up meeting with their leaders , " Obama said . "  That is how intelligence services operate . " Asylum applications In addition to Snowden 's earlier applications to Ecuador , Russia and Iceland , WikiLeaks on Sunday submitted applications to 18 countries on Snowden 's behalf : Austria , Bolivia , Brazil , China , Cuba , Finland , France , Germany , India , Ireland , Italy , the Netherlands , Nicaragua , Norway , Poland , Spain , Switzerland and Venezuela . The organization said that the documents it had submitted for the latest asylum requests "  outline the risks of persecution Mr. Snowden faces in the United States . " Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa told the British newspaper The Guardian that the American fugitive would have to reach Ecuadorian territory for his request to be considered . "  Are we responsible for getting him to Ecuador ? It 's not logical , " he told The Guardian , one of the recipients of Snowden 's leaks . "  The country that has to give him a safe conduct document is Russia . " He added that the decision to issue Snowden temporary travel documents that allowed him to leave Hong Kong was "  a mistake on our part , " The Guardian reported . Over the weekend , Correa said Vice President Joe Biden asked Ecuador to reject Snowden 's request . Obama said Monday that Snowden had traveled to Russia without a valid passport or legal papers and that he hoped that Moscow would handle the case as it would any other travel-related matter . Here 's a rundown of what countries are saying about Snowden 's asylum requests : • Austria : His request is not valid , because applicants must be in Austria and submit their applications in person . • Bolivia : Despite WikiLeaks ' statement , Morales , the Bolivian president , said Bolivia has not received a request for asylum on Snowden 's behalf , Itar-Tass reported . • Brazil : The country wo n't grant asylum or even respond to the request , Reuters reported Tuesday , citing a Foreign Ministry spokesman . • China : The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday it had no information to offer on Snowden 's case . • Cuba : No response yet . • Ecuador : The South American country has said that it 's considering Snowden 's request but that he needs to reach its territory . • Finland : "  We do n't have an official application from Snowden , " Jorma Vuorio , director general for the migration department of the Interior Ministry , told CNN . "  He just left a letter requesting asylum at the Finnish Embassy in Moscow . According to Finnish legislation , it is not possible to leave an asylum application outside the Finnish territory . " • France : Hollande , the French president , said he has "  not received any particular demands from Mr. Snowden , " according to French television reports . • Germany : Asylum requests must be made from within the country , but an Interior Ministry spokesman also said "  the German right of residence principally entails the possibility of acceptance from abroad , if this seems necessary for international legal or urgent humanitarian reasons , or for the ensuring of political interests of the federal republic of Germany . This needs to be examined thoroughly in the case of Mr. Snowden . " • Iceland : Officials have said asylum seekers need to be in Icelandic territory in order to apply . • India : Ministry of External Affairs spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said Tuesday that India will deny the request . • Ireland : The Irish Justice Ministry declined to confirm whether it had received a request on Snowden 's behalf , but said Irish law requires that applicants reach the country 's borders before a request can be considered . • Italy : The Italian Foreign Ministry said it received an asylum request by fax . The country accepts requests made in Italian territory or at the border , the ministry said . • The Netherlands : Snowden would need to be in Holland to formally request shelter , a spokesman for the Dutch state secretary said Tuesday . • Nicaragua : No response yet . • Norway : The country confirms the receipt of his request , but usually , asylum seekers must be in the country already to be allowed to apply . The Ministry of Justice is considering whether or not to process his application . • Poland : Snowden 's request for asylum does n't fulfill requirements , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday . • Russia : Snowden has withdrawn his request for permission to stay in Russia , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Tuesday , according to the news agency RIA Novosti . • Spain : The country is not reviewing Snowden 's request because it must be made from within or on its borders , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said . • Switzerland : Applicants for political asylum have to be on Swiss soil , a spokeswoman for the Swiss federal office for migration said Tuesday . Swiss authorities are n't aware of any application by Snowden , the spokeswoman said . • Venezuela : "  We have n't been asked for help , but when he asks , he will have an answer , " Maduro , the Venezuelan president , said Tuesday . Opinion : Why we 're all struck in the digital transit zone with Snowden	Bolivia says its president was denied landing rights due to "  lie " about Snowden Country after country denies NSA leaker 's requests or say he must travel to apply Washington tries to scare "  those who would come after me , " Snowden statement says He 's been stuck at Moscow 's international airport since leaving Hong Kong last month
CNN  -- Indonesia began cloud-seeding operations over the island of Sumatra on Monday in an attempt to trigger rain to put out fires creating thick blankets of haze over parts of Sumatra and neighboring Singapore and Malaysia . Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for Indonesia 's National Disaster Mitigation Agency  BNPB  , said that three Spanish-built CASA 212-200 aircraft were deployed on Friday to Sumatra . The rain-inducing operations will continue in three specific areas for the next 90 days , Sutopo told CNN . According to the agency , the number of hot spots in South Sumatra in September has reached 1,241 . Hundreds more have been detected on the island of Kalimantan , which is Indonesia 's side of Borneo island . South Sumatra has the highest number of hot spots , or areas of high temperatures that could indicate peat or forest fires . Sutopo says ground operations to extinguish the fires are also ongoing . These include spraying , controlled burning , building trenches to limit the spread of the fire and sluices around the burning peat . Haze from forest and peat fires has been a perennial problem for the region , particularly during the dry months . Slash-and-burn techniques to clear land and droughts have been blamed for the fires in the past . Using uncontrolled fires to clear land is illegal but enforcement has been an issue . The worst incidence of fires and haze was in 1997 to 1998 . The World Wide Fund for Nature estimates nearly 10 million hectares was burned . The Asian Development Bank put the damages and losses at about US $ 9 billion for Indonesia and its neighboring countries . The fires also had significant impact on Indonesia 's wildlife , including orangutans , tigers and elephants and protected national parks . CNN 's Kathy Quiano-Castro contributed to this report .	An Indonesian agency says there are more than 1,200 "  hot spots " in South Sumatra Fires have created thick blankets of haze over parts of Sumatra , and Singapore and Malaysia Aircraft are using cloud-seeding techniques in hopes rain will douse fires
EW.com  -- A "  Firefly " reunion is coming to Comic-Con . Science Channel , which airs repeats of the short-lived Fox cult favorite , is hosting a 10-year anniversary panel for the sci-fi show . Creator Joss Whedon and writer Tim Minear along with stars Nathan Fillion , Alan Tudyk , Adam Baldwin , Sean Maher , Michael Fairman are all expected to be on board . The panel is being held Friday , July 13 at 12:30 p.m. See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Science Channel will host a panel at Comic-Con 2012 for cult favorite sci-fi show "  Firefly . " Director Joss Whedon , writer Tim Minear and five of the actors are expected to attend . The panel will be held in honor of the show 's 10-year anniversary . The panel will be held Friday , July 13 at 12:30 p.m.
Sterling Heights , Michigan  CNN  -- Joe Cefali has to leave 10 minutes earlier for work in the morning because the traffic is getting worse . And get this : That makes him happy . "  You feel the rejuvenation , " the 19-year Chrysler worker says of the mood inside the Sterling Stamping plant and in the busy restaurants and other businesses near the Chrysler and GM factories . "  Yes , we have a future . " He was n't so sure in 2009 when Chrysler was teetering on the verge of collapse and Cefali for the first time had to file for unemployment benefits . He told his wife to prepare to move and began searching for work in Texas or Tennessee . Then help came from Washington . Romney , Obama both seeking advantages as campaign rolls on "  Do you think you are working today because of President Obama ? " I asked Cefali on Wednesday at his local United Auto Workers hall across the street from the stamping plant . "  Yes , " he said without hesitation . "  If he did n't come through and give that vote and say , ` Yes we have got to save Chrysler . We have to save GM . We 've got to do this , ' all this Sterling Heights would have been gone , would have been dead . " Support from union auto workers like Cefali is an advantage for the president in Michigan , a state Republican Mitt Romney had hoped to turn into a battleground . A new CNN/ORC International poll shows Obama leading by eight points , 52 % -44 % , among likely voters in Michigan . Romney and Obama split the suburban vote statewide and run even among independents . But the president leads by 11 points among women , by 54 % -41 % among Michigan voters from union households , and by 56 % -43 % in the critical Detroit suburbs of Macomb and Oakland counties . Both counties are dominated by the auto industry , and Romney went to high school in Oakland County . "  I do n't think he is one of us ... a Michigander , " Cefali says of Romney . "  He does n't really relate to the working class . " Barbara VanSyckel disagrees , yet she concedes that perception is widespread . "  He is a self-made man , " says VanSyckel , the chairwoman of the Macomb County Republican Party . "  I do n't understand why people do n't see that as much . " VanSyckel says Romney 's experience is perfect for the challenges of the moment , and she says her county 's recent phone bank work and neighborhood canvassing gives her a measure of hope . "  I believe we still can win , " VanSyckel said Wednesday . "  People are interested in what you can do about the economy here . " Michigan is clearly in better shape , but hardly humming . Romney 's remarks : Huge mistake or plain truth ? The unemployment rate is 9 % - above the national average . But it is down from the 11.3 % it was when Obama took office . Michigan has added 57,500 manufacturing jobs during the Obama presidency -- 34,000 of those in the auto industry . While the numbers might suggest to some a potential Romney opening , the trend line is helping the incumbent . "  The economy is on an upward slope even though the magnitude of the slope is very small , " University of Michigan communications and political science professor Michael Traugott said . "  Barack Obama also has a reservoir of popular support or sentiment about him personally and views about how he cares for other Americans that he can take advantage of . " VanSyckel said the president 's image advantage is , in her view , the obstacle to Romney making Michigan more of a battleground . Poll shows voters ' reaction to Romney tapes "  I think he is not making himself look as real as when I have gone to his rallies , " she says . "  He is pretty down to earth when you meet him . I do n't think he comes across much that way when you see him on television . "  He has been around it long enough . I think he needs to relax a little bit , " VanSyckel said . "  Romney needs to differentiate himself . I think the philosophies are different enough . But people also want to vote for someone they like , and for some reason they do n't seem to connect with Romney the way they do with Obama . " Romney 's son Tagg will visit Macomb County next week , and VanSyckel says she was told both Romney and running mate Paul Ryan will return to the state . But there are no firm dates , and Republicans here are well aware the Romney campaign is not spending any money on television advertising . "  Are we getting brushed off ? " is how VanSyckel publicly phrased the question many Michigan Republicans are asking privately . Those party activists were upset when the John McCain camp pulled out four years ago . VanSyckel said Romney 's local roots mean activists like her "  are going to work harder for him " and she hopes to get firmer commitments from the national campaign soon . "  Doable , " she said of the prospects for a Romney comeback here . But she then added : "  We 're getting pretty tight on time . I look forward to hearing something soon . " Opinion : Election winner faces a dangerous world	Michigan autoworker credits Obama for his job at Chrysler plant Autoworker support is big advantage for Obama in state Romney hoped to put in play Local GOP chairwoman says Romney is the perfect candidate for the times She concedes , though , the president 's favorable image is an obstacle for Romney
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Maia Stack returned to the pagoda , or tower , where she had been abandoned as a baby she was overwhelmed by what had happened there 11 years earlier . "  I remember thinking , ` Wow , I wonder if my birth family hid behind those bushes or something ' " said Stack , now 18 years old , on returning to Hangzhou , China . "  I felt very disengaged throughout the entire process . I kind of removed myself from the situation because it was too emotionally challenging . " Stack is one of tens of thousands of children -- 95 % percent of whom are girls -- who have been adopted from China since its government ratified international adoption in 1992 . In 1979 , Chinese officials introduced the one-child policy requiring that couples have only one child to slow the country 's massive population growth . Could China 's one-child policy change ? With only one chance to pass on the family name , many Chinese couples are unhappy having a girl and either abort the pregnancy or abandon the baby . Because of this , China is one of the easiest countries from which to do an international adoption , according to ACC , a U.S.-based adoption agency that specializes in China . The process takes around two years and costs between US$ 19,000 and $ 23,000 . Many of those adoptees eventually visit China to experience their heritage first-hand . Being Chinese helped to define Stack 's childhood growing up in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . She and her sister , who is also adopted from China , attended a Saturday school to learn Chinese language and culture while other children were playing soccer or baseball . Stack was home schooled until partway through high school and attended a group of students that never treated her differently . However , when she started attending a charter school where she was the only Asian in a group of 40 students things changed . "  I did feel much like an outsider . I had the darkest skin , the only head of black hair in a sea of blond and brown , " she said . "  As the ` representative Asian , ' the kids fed back to me the typical stereotypes about Asians -- super smart , good in math , short ... While they did n't mean harm , it did hurt . " Spending four-and-a-half months in Beijing in 2011 studying Mandarin changed her outlook . "  I feel very proud to be both Chinese and American , " she said . "  I know that those things will always be a part of me whether I live in China or in America . " Today , Stack is a board member of China 's Children International -- an organization founded by high school girls to bring together Chinese adoptees around the world . Amy Cubbage and her husband , Graham Troop , adopted their daughter June from China when she was two years old . After deciding they wanted children , the couple chose to adopt internationally because of the positive experience Cubbage 's sister had adopting children from Russia . They applied for a non-special needs adoption in 2006 , Cubbage said . But after nearly two years and no match , they put their names on the list for special needs children -- meaning the child requires some form of medical treatment . Finally in the fall of 2008 , the couple was connected with June , who had been born with a cleft lip that has been repaired . As she grew older , June enjoyed attending Chinese cultural events so much that , at the age of five , she asked her parents if she could visit China . "  We were going to take her back eventually , " said Troop , a librarian in Louisville , Kentucky . "  I was a little surprised because it was a little early , but we felt that if she was asking to go she must have a need to go . " The family made the trek to China last month visiting the Great Wall , Beijing 's Tiananmen Square and June 's orphanage in Guangxi province , among other sites . "  She was joyful the whole time , " Cubbage , a lawyer , said of her daughter . "  It was clear that she had a large connection to the place . " Upon visiting with the foster family that tended to their daughter June 's parents were overcome with emotion . "  We could see the love that they had on their faces for her and the sadness that they did n't have her anymore , " Cubbage said . "  I know they are happy that she was adopted but it was easy to see that they were sad too . " Six-year-old June already shows a great deal of interest in her Chinese heritage , but it 's not always easy to explain . "  She asks why her parents could n't take care of her and we try and answer that as best as we can . It 's hard , " her father said . "  Hearing about her adoption  is sort of a comfort to her . She likes to hear her story told . " The family plans to return to China regularly . "  The bottom line for us is that we chose to do an international adoption . She did n't . She did n't have any other choice , " Cubbage said . "  So I feel as a mom it is my responsibility to teach her . " Jenna Murphy * and her husband are taking their five-year-old daughter to China in September -- something they decided before they even brought her home . "  We 're doing it in stages . She wo n't go back to the province where she was born this time , " Murphy said . "  We will just go to the major cities and the touristy , lovely places . " When they picked their daughter up from the orphanage , she was 10 months old and could barely sit up , but after bringing her home to Australia her development quickly improved . Murphy said she wants her daughter to have a positive opinion of her birth country despite the challenges she has already faced in life . "  I do n't want her to think ` they did n't want me ' ... or for it to be even in the realm of possibility , " Murphy said . "  I want her to see China as a good thing . " As for Stack , the high school senior said she wants to take a year off before college to volunteer in a Chinese orphanage . "  I 'm so blessed to have been adopted , " she said . "  I feel compelled to go back to China and volunteer and give back to the kids that were n't adopted . " * Name has been changed to protect her from South Australian law prohibiting adopted children from being identified in the media .	Thousands of girls are adopted out of China each year , ending up in homes around the world Many of them find identity and purpose in returning to China to visit their roots Adoptive parents often choose to travel back to China frequently with their adopted children Many adoptive parents feel it a duty to teach their children about where they came from
The Girl Scout cookie ca n't seem to catch a break . Under fire in years past for including trans fats , high fructose corn syrup and palm oil in its cookies , the Girl Scouts ' current cookie selling season is under fire because of policies that have nothing to do with the actual composition of the cookies . A group calling itself HonestGirlScouts.com has posted a YouTube video calling for a boycott of Girl Scout cookies in response to a Colorado troop 's decision to allow a 7-year-old transgender child into its troop . Gay rights and transgender rights groups have reported a grassroots LGBT movement of supporters buying Girl Scout cookies in response to the video . "  I 've decided to purchase as many boxes as my modest budget will allow and donate them to the local LGBTQ community center , " says Mara Morken , a lesbian stay-at-home mom in Fargo , North Dakota . "  I want to show support for GSUSA in their honorable decision to allow all girls to participate in their programs . However I do not want that support to show itself on my thighs , so I will donate the entire cookie order ! " After an initial burst of publicity around the nearly 8-minute video featuring a teen Girl Scout wearing a Girl Scout sash , the video has been made private on YouTube . However , it 's still available for viewing elsewhere on the Internet . "  I ask all fellow Girl Scouts who want a true , all-girl experience not to sell any Girl Scouts cookies until GSUSA  Girl Scouts of the USA  addresses our concerns , " says the girl , identified as a teen named Taylor , a troop member from California , in some news reports . "  I ask all parents who want their girls to be in a safe environment to tell their leaders why you will not allow your girls to make any more money for GSUSA . " The video was prompted by the case of Bobby Montoya , whose mother told a CNN affiliate in October that a troop leader initially told her that Bobby could n't join the troop because Bobby "  has boy parts , " even though her child identifies as a girl . The Girl Scouts of Colorado blamed the initial decision to exclude the child on ignorance of the scouts ' policy . The state scouts said Bobby was welcome to join Girl Scouts . "  If a child identifies as a girl and the child 's family presents her as a girl , Girl Scouts of Colorado welcomes her as a Girl Scout , " said the Colorado Girl Scouts , in a statement to a CNN affiliate . The Honest Girl Scouts website says that the Girl Scouts use cookie income to promote "  abortion and LGBT agendas , " introduces Girl Scouts to "  the concept of sexual rights for children without parent consent " and is rewriting badge books to include "  radical activists and gay role models . " On its website , HonestGirlScouts.com states that the group is comprised of current and former Girl Scouts , leaders , parents , volunteers and lifetime members . When contacted via its listed Gmail account to comment , someone replied that the group 's "  legal counsel has advised us not to comment or do interviews until further notice . " Mara Keisling , executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality , dismissed the video as an attempt by conservative activists to raise funds . "  This issue not withstanding , the Girl Scouts is a really good organization , " says Keisling . "  It 's been a really good place for kids to learn things .  This controversy  will die down . We as a society are progressing and the outdated reactionary attitude that poor girl was put up to in that video , those attitudes are dying out . " Other LGBT groups are taking a tongue-in-check approach to the debate , encouraging people to eat more Girl Scout cookies . "  Girl Scout cookies may not be so great for your waistline but they are great for being inclusive , " says Liz Owen , spokeswoman for Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays  P-FLAG  . Owen reports hearing from people who decided to break their New Year 's resolutions to go on a diet with a Girl Scout cookies purchase .	A group is calling for national boycott of Girl Scout cookies because of transgender issues Members of transgender and gay rights groups are buying cookies in response The Girl Scouts welcome children who identify as girls
CNN  -- Looking directly at the man who murdered his 9-year-old daughter , Mark Lunsford told John Evander Couey , "  I hope you hear her cry as you try to sleep at night . " "  You will never hurt another child again , " Lunsford said in testimony Tuesday in a Florida court hearing where a judge will decide whether to give Couey the death penalty . Jessica Lunsford , seen in an undated family photo , was 9 when she was abducted and killed . She disappeared in 2005 from her home in Homosassa , Florida . His eyes fixed on Couey , Lunsford continued , "  For 29 months , my daughter has heard me cry and begged God to stop the pain in my heart . " Addressing Florida Circuit Court Judge Ric Howard , Lunsford pleaded for Couey to die for his crime . Then he turned back to the man who took his daughter . Watch Lunsford 's emotional testimony " "  I hope you see the tears at night when she asked you -LSB- if she could -RSB- go home . You will never hurt another child again . " Lunsford spent much time talking about memories of Jesse Lunsford . "  I can remember when she was about 1 year old and would give me kisses and hugs and steal the raisins from my cereal , " he said . "  From bumps to bruises , from Band-Aids to bicycles , she was a tomboy with her daddy and a very nice little lady for her grandmother . " The hearing will continue Wednesday . Couey 's attorneys are trying to convince Howard that Couey is mentally incompetent and should be spared the death penalty . "  That 's a cop-out , " Lunsford said Tuesday on Larry King Live . "  He is not retarded . " The father said he wants Couey to die for his crime . King asked him if he would attend the execution by lethal injection . "  I 'd hold the syringe if they 'd let me , " he answered . But a prosecution expert testified Tuesday that the convicted killer had an IQ of between 80 and 90 , about low average . "  My opinion is that he is not mentally retarded , " said Dr. Greg Pritchard , a clinical psychologist . Couey was convicted in March on charges of kidnapping , raping and murdering Jessica . The jury voted 10-2 to recommend the death penalty . In Florida , the vote does not have to be unanimous to recommend the death penalty . The judge is expected to sentence Couey next month . Jessica Lunsford disappeared in February 2005 from her home in Homosassa . Her body was found three weeks later in a shallow grave outside a mobile home about 100 yards from where she lived . Couey , a convicted sex offender , was staying nearby in a trailer with his half-sister . Couey kidnapped the girl from her bedroom and later , in a taped confession , admitted that he buried the child alive . "  I went out there one night and dug a hole and put her in it . Buried her , " he said . She was found wrapped in garbage bags , holding a stuffed toy dolphin , her hands bound with stereo wire . Jessica died from asphyxiation after being sexually assaulted , according to a medical examiner 's report . The judge ruled the confession was inadmissible in court because Couey had asked for a lawyer the day before he told police he committed the crime . Evidence at the trial included Jessica 's fingerprints in a closet in Couey 's trailer and DNA from Jessica 's blood and Couey 's semen on a mattress in his bedroom . Lunsford has led a push for stricter sex offender laws since his daughter 's death . Then-Gov . Jeb Bush signed the Jessica Lunsford Act into Florida law . The 2005 legislation calls for prison sentences of 25 years to life for sex offenses against children under age 12 , better registration of convicted sex offenders and a Global Positioning System notification mechanism to track down probation violators . Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed similar legislation Monday . E-mail to a friend	Mark Lunsford testifies at sentencing hearing for 9-year-old daughter 's killer Jury recommended death for John Evander Couey Couey was convicted of kidnapping , raping , killing Jessica Lunsford Couey 's attorney says he 's mentally incompetent
Dar Es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- It conjures images of cauldrons and pointed hats if you live in the western world or exotic masks and sacred objects if you 're on the African continent . Around the world a sense of mystery and fear engulfs witchcraft and nowhere is this more evident than in the East African nation of Tanzania . Here , faith in this specific form of African tradition can turn deadly . People with albinism have been dismembered in western parts of the country because so-called witchdoctors perpetuate a belief that albino body parts bring great wealth . From the archives : Scores of albinos in hiding after attacks Those suspected of witchcraft are also targeted ; an estimated 600 elderly women were killed in 2011 due to the suspicion they were witches , according to the Legal and Human Rights Center in Tanzania . In fact , the Pew Forum on Religious and Public life conducted 25,000 face-to-face interviews in 19 African nations and found that among them , Tanzanians hold the strongest belief in witchcraft . It says 60 % of the Tanzanians interviewed believe that sacrifices to ancestors or spirits can protect them from harm , and that many Christians and Muslims incorporate elements of traditional African beliefs into their daily lives . Dark arts flourished in Tanzania partly because , compared to its neighbors , it was "  less colonized " by European powers , explains Joachim Mwami of Dar Es Salaam University . The anthropology professor says for centuries , witchcraft has "  served to explain anything inexplicable , " in rural villages like a severely sick child or strange illness . Professor Mwami admitted that , "  even in my own family , I was advised -LSB- as a child -RSB- not to visit certain relatives considered to be witches , " even though there was no proof . He says without access to education , people are more likely to follow the claims of traditional healers and pass down those beliefs to the next generation . Students at Dar Es Salaam University were reluctant to talk to CNN about opinions relating to witchcraft . Some explained , even if they do n't personally believe in the practice , their relatives take it seriously . Others feel one must believe in the practice for it to have any power over them . So even with a university education , some students retain some faith in witchcraft . Read related : Saudi woman beheaded for witchcraft Believers seeking healing regularly visit Mama Safi , a self-proclaimed "  good witch , " who gained her powers after being visited by spirits , she says . "  I 'm able to remove evil , stomach sickness , migraines , typhoid and diabetes too , " she boasts . Safi conducts parts of her ceremonies in Arabic , even though she claims to have never studied it . Her fee ranges anywhere from $ 20 to $ 120 depending on the service provided ; expensive when you consider most Tanzanians live on less than $ 2 a day . Professor Mwami says the charging of any type of fee is not typical among traditional African healers and is more common among con artists capitalizing on the fears of others . Debunking the claims of other so-called witches is Suleiman Musa , a man with albinism living in fear while trying to raise awareness about his genetic condition . Albinism reveals itself through a lack of melanin or coloring in the skin , hair and eyes . Musa says many of his albino friends fled their rural homes after being chased out by locals . He too experiences prejudice and animosity from strangers . "  I bear the pain because I ca n't do anything -LSB- else -RSB- , " he says . Tanzania 's first elected albino lawmaker : ` We deserve rights ' However , in the bustling city of Dar Es Salaam he 's found support through an informal football team made up of people with albinism ; Albinos United . He relishes the chance to explain to onlookers that he 's "  normal , because this is the color God chose for me . " Musa does n't believe treatment of albinos will improve if Tanzanians remain uneducated about albinism . Professor Mwami agrees that education is precisely what 's needed to address issues surrounding witchcraft saying , "  the popularization of science is the only answer to these predicaments as far as Tanzania and belief systems are concerned . "	Some 60 % of Tanzanians believe sacrifices to spirits or ancestors can protect them from harm Witchcraft serves to explain things that are inexplicable to those in rural villages without education , says anthropology professor Albinos suffer discrimination and sometimes danger because some people believe their body parts bring great wealth
CNN  -- As many as 10,000 albinos are in hiding in east Africa over fears that they will be dismembered and their body parts sold to witchdoctors , the Red Cross said in a recent report . The killings of albinos in Burundi and Tanzania , who are targeted because their body parts are believed to have special powers , have sparked fears among the population in the two countries , the report said . Body parts of albinos are sought in some regions of Africa because they are believed to bring wealth and good luck . Attackers chop off limbs and pluck out organs to sell to dealers , who in turn sell them to witchdoctors . Scores of albinos have fled to Tanzanian schools for the disabled or in emergency shelters set up by police in Burundi to avoid attacks , according to the report . "  Thousands more albinos across a huge swathe of countryside ... are unable to move freely to trade , study or cultivate fields for fear of albino hunters , " the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said . Tanzanian government officials have said they are mobilizing police to help the embattled population , but admit it is hard to quell the attacks . Most happen in rural areas , where there is not enough police presence , according to Lucca Haule , assistant commissioner of police . "  We do n't have the resources in those places ... it is not easy , but we are trying to map out locations where albinos live so that we can better protect them , " he told CNN earlier this month . In early November , a court sentenced four people to death in northern Tanzania for killing an albino man and selling his body parts . So far , seven people have been sentenced to death for the killing of more than 50 Tanzanian albinos , including children , in the past two years , Haule said . Dozens more are awaiting trial . Albinism is a genetic condition that leads to little or no pigment in the eyes , skin and hair . African albinos are discriminated against and face segregation most of their lives . They also battle a high risk of skin cancer . The aid agency said it is helping albinos find indoor employment by teaching them skin care tips , including using protective hats and long-sleeved shirts . "  Even before the killings began two years ago , albino people in tropical Africa suffered an array of afflictions that made physical survival a desperate struggle , " said Salif Keita , a Malian albino singer and human rights activist . The Red Cross societies in both countries said they need support to respond to the humanitarian crisis . Since 2007 , at least 44 Tanzanian albinos have been killed and 14 in Burundi . Some organizations have put the number at more than 50 in Tanzania .	About 10,000 albinos in hiding in east Africa over fears they will be dismembered Albinos have been killed in Burundi and Tanzania because their body parts are believed to have special powers Tanzanian government officials mobilizing police to help embattled population
CNN  -- A family friend of a U.S. soldier captured by the Taliban said his friends and family want Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl to "  stand tall , stand firm . " Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl in a video made by his captors , members of the Taliban . "  Bowe , if you see this , know that we love you and we are praying fervently for you and prayers are going up for you from all over the world , " Tim Baker told CNN affiliate KTVB-TV in the soldier 's hometown of Ketchum , Idaho . "  To all of our valiant men and women , know that the American people believe in you , support you and are 100 percent behind you , and we thank God every day that you have our back . " In a video released Sunday , apparently made by his captors , Bergdahl spoke of being "  scared I wo n't be able to go home . " "  It breaks our heart , " Baker said . "  It 's like having one of our own kids in this situation . " Watch friend 's comments about Taliban captive " The Bergdahl family is not speaking with media , but Baker said prayer is helping . "  Prayer means that we are extremely powerful because God is not limited by where we are when we pray . He is there with Bowe , and so we know that he is protecting him and is with him , so we do n't feel powerless against these people , " Baker said . "  We feel very empowered . " Bergdahl , 23 , was captured June 30 from Paktika province in southeastern Afghanistan , according to the Department of Defense . The Taliban has threatened to kill Bergdahl if foreign troops continue targeting civilians in the name of search operations in Ghazni and Paktika provinces , Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said by telephone Friday after being contacted by CNN at an undisclosed location . NATO-led forces in Afghanistan and the U.S. military have repeatedly denied targeting civilians . U.S. forces in Afghanistan are doing everything possible to free Bergdahl , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Monday . Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told a news conference they were disgusted at the video that Bergdahl 's captors released . "  My personal reaction was one of disgust at the exploitation of this young soldier , " Gates said . In the 28-minute video , Bergdahl becomes emotional when he speaks of his family -- his parents , siblings , nieces and nephew -- and the girlfriend he hopes to marry . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says . "  I miss them , and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . "  I 'm scared I wo n't be able to go home . It is very unnerving to be a prisoner , " he said . However , his captors are treating him "  like a guest , " he said . Asked by his captors if he had any message for Americans , the soldier said , "  To my fellow Americans who have loved ones over here , who know what it 's like to miss them , you have the power to make our government bring them home . Please , please bring us home so we can be back where we belong and not over here . " It was not clear whether some or all of Bergdahl 's remarks were scripted by his captors . Watch excerpt from the video " The last few minutes of the video show him eating a meal . The Bergdahl family expressed how they are feeling to Blaine County Sheriff Walt Femling . "  We 've been overwhelmed with the outpouring of support and concern towards Bowe and our family . As you know , the situation is extremely difficult for everyone involved . We 'd like to remind all of you our sole focus is seeing our beloved son Bowe safely home . "  Please continue to keep Bowe in your thoughts and prayers , and we ask for your continued acceptance of our need for privacy in this difficult situation . Thank you . " A reporter asked Femling if the military has restricted anything he has said and he answered that it has not . The Taliban earlier claimed responsibility for Bergdahl 's kidnapping , the military said . Last week , the U.S. military distributed pamphlets in eastern Afghanistan in an effort to locate him . "  As you can see , the American soldier is in good shape and good health , and he is being treated well based on the guidelines of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan regarding war prisoners , " said a statement on Islamist Web sites accompanying the video . "  Any decision regarding the American soldier will be the specialty of the high order of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , may God protect him . " The U.S. military said it believed Bergdahl may have been moved to various locations . In the video , Bergdahl 's captor makes reference to his being moved from Paktika to Khandahar , saying the move was accomplished "  very easily . " The claim could not be independently verified . Asked the date by his captor , Bergdahl says it is July 14 . Two versions of the pamphlets were distributed in Afghanistan , written in the Pashto language . They were made available to CNN by U.S. forces in Afghanistan . One shows the image of an American soldier shaking hands with a group of kids with the message , "  One of our American guests is missing . Return the guest to his home . Call us at " -- and lists a phone number . The other shows a U.S. soldier kicking down a door , and then an outstretched hand with the superimposed image of a soldier , his head and arms drooping , and the words , "  If you do not release the U.S. soldier then ... you will be hunted . " The goal of the pamphlets was to balance the effort to get Bergdahl back with how U.S. forces interact with the local population , Gates and Mullen said Monday . Mullen said the message of the second pamphlet was "  not threatening , but to express that we will do what we have to do to find this individual . " Days after Bergdahl went missing , a senior U.S. military official said Bergdahl was captured by low-level militants and then quickly "  sold " to the clan and network led by warlord Siraj Haqqani , who is believed to be deeply involved in the action . The Haqqani clan operates on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border and is well known to the U.S. military . Bergdahl apparently left his small outpost on his own on June 30 with no apparent means of defending himself , the official said . Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said he visited a military post in the Yousaf Khel district in the Paktika province , got drunk and was ambushed while returning to his car . Sangeen said the soldier was taken to a safe place . CNN could not independently verify Sangeen 's claims . A source with the U.S. military denied the claim that Bergdahl was drunk . "  The Taliban are known for lying and what they are claiming -LSB- is -RSB- not true , " the source said . In the video , Bergdahl says he was captured as he was lagging behind a patrol . Bergdahl is not a National Guardsman , according to the Idaho National Guard statement , but the organization said it was coordinating with the Department of Defense to provide public affairs duties and other assistance to the Bergdahl family . The family has requested privacy , the statement said . On Monday , four U.S. troops with the International Security Assistance Force were killed in eastern Afghanistan , according to a senior U.S. official there . The deaths would raise the total of U.S. military fatalities in Afghanistan to 30 in July , the highest monthly toll since the war began in October 2001 . According to the security force , the four were killed in a roadside bombing . CNN 's Barbara Starr and journalist Janullah Hashimzada contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Defense Secretary Gates : U.S. forces doing everything to find Bergdahl Friend to soldier : "  Know that we love you and we are praying " Soldier from Idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again U.S. military : Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , 23 , was captured June 30 in Afghanistan
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen on Friday declared "  we are at war " following canceled production of the hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " and his impending loss of $ 1.2 million per episode . "  They know what they did is wrong , " Sheen , who claimed he is clean , said in a call from the Bahamas to the "  Loose Cannons " radio program . Producers cited Charlie Sheen 's actions and statements when they announced they were calling off production for the rest of the season . "  Defeat is not an option , " Sheen said in the Friday interview with "  Loose Cannons " host Pat O'Brien . "  They picked a fight with the wrong guy . They are in absolute breach . " "  They kept telling me how to live my personal life , " said Sheen , making repeated references to money he brought to the network . "  It was a toxic environment for eight years . " The actor , who began rehab treatments at his home in the wake of an emergency hospital visit in January , told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " in text messages Friday he is going to show up for work anyway . Sheen appeared to challenge producers to take action Thursday when he went on a rant as a guest on "  The Alex Jones Radio Show . " "  I was told if I went on the attack , they would cancel the show and all that , so I 'm just sort of seeing if they 're telling the truth or not , " Sheen told Jones . The decision to halt "  Two and a Half Men " was announced Thursday after Sheen spoke with the Jones show . "  Based on the totality of Charlie Sheen 's statements , conduct and condition , CBS and Warner Bros. . Television have decided to discontinue production of ` Two and a Half Men ' for the remainder of the season , " the network and studio said in a joint statement Thursday . Warner Bros. . Television is owned by Time Warner Inc. , the parent company of CNN . CBS placed the sitcom on "  production hiatus " after the actor began rehab treatments . The show had been scheduled to resume taping on four more episodes next week . It 's not clear if "  Two and Half Men " will return for a ninth season . Industry insiders estimate that the show has already grossed $ 400 million in reruns , putting total syndication fees for the 177 shows at a cool $ 1 billion . A Warner Brothers spokesman said that at least 250 members of the cast and crew will be out of work during the canceled production . Sheen said the employees should be focused , patient and to understand "  there are ways to deal with these clowns and take all their money . " Sheen said on the Jones show that he was dealing "  with fools and trolls " and people with "  loser lives . " He also had some unkind words for Alcoholics Anonymous . "  This bootleg cult , arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous , reports a 5 % success rate . My success rate is 100 % . Do the math . ... Another one of their mottoes is ` Do n't be special , be one of us . ' Newsflash : I am special , and I will never be one of you ! I have a disease ? Bulls ** t ! I cured it with my brain , with my mind , " Sheen told the show . The actor also went after show co-creator Chuck Lorre . A short time after the cancellation was announced , Sheen sent a statement to celebrity news website TMZ . "  I gracefully ignored this folly for 177 shows , " Sheen wrote to TMZ . "  I fire back once and this contaminated little maggot ca n't handle my power and ca n't handle the truth . " Sheen 's battle with producers is in sharp contrast to the kind words he had for them earlier this month when he thanked network executives for their support . "  I have a lot of work to do to be able to return the support I have received from so many people , " Sheen said in a statement then . "  Like Errol Flynn , who had to put down his sword on occasion , I just want to say , ` Thank you . ' " Lorre had no comment Friday . Sheen 's father , actor Martin Sheen , told Sky News earlier this week he likened Sheen 's addiction to having cancer . "  If he had cancer how would we treat him ? " the elder Sheen asked . "  The disease of addiction is a form of cancer and you have to have a equal measure of concern and love and lift them up . That 's what we do for him . " Addiction specialist Dr. Drew Pinsky told HLN on Friday that Charlie Sheen "  is clearly manic . " Pinsky said Sheen is exhibiting traits of advanced addiction , which he said has a grave prognosis without proper treatment . "  When their workplace is affected , that 's when you know things are really bad , " said Pinsky , whose new HLN show premieres April 4 . Another Sheen radio interview last week raised concern about the actor 's stability . Sheen , talking on "  The Dan Patrick Show , " advised people to stay away from crack cocaine "  unless you can manage it socially . " He told Patrick then that he was ready to return to the show . "  I healed really quickly , but I also unravel really quickly , so get me right now guys , " Sheen said . "  Get me right now . " Sheen was "  very , very intoxicated , also apparently in a lot of pain " on the morning of January 27 , according to a 911 call from a doctor who had just talked to the actor . Porn actress Kacey Jordan has told media outlets that a two-day party preceded Sheen 's collapse . Paramedics went to Sheen 's Los Angeles home and then took him by ambulance to a hospital , where he spent several hours . While his representative blamed a hernia for Sheen 's pain , he later announced the actor was undergoing rehab at home . CNN 's Alan Duke , Aaron Smith and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Producers picked "  a fight with the wrong guy " "  Sheen 's statements , conduct and condition " led to the shutdown , CBS says The show 's producer "  ca n't handle the truth , " Sheen tells TMZ Four new episodes were to begin production next week
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan 's Toyota Motors has revved ahead of U.S.-based General Motors in 2012 to reclaim the title of world 's biggest auto manufacturer . This week , Toyota announced global sales of 9.75 million vehicles , even beating its own forecast of 9.7 million . GM earlier this month had announced global sales of 9.29 million vehicles for 2012 -- about 460,000 fewer vehicles . The gap is "  fairly sizeable ... about 5 % or so , " says Chris Richter , CLSA Senior Analyst , Japanese Autos in Tokyo . However he sees Japan 's return to the top in 2012 as simply "  going back to the natural order of things " after Asia 's second largest economy was devastated by the 2011 quake and tsunami . "  It 's not that General Motors did anything right . They got a free pass in 2011 because the other team  Toyota  was n't on the field . What we saw in 2012 was a more normal situation in terms of pecking order of global sales . " "  In 2011 , Japan had too many negative events which led to a shortage of  vehicle  supply , " agrees J.P. Morgan 's Kohei Takahashi , a Tokyo-based auto analyst . "  If there were no such kind of events , Toyota should  have been  number one  that year  . " With Toyota 's return to the top , the question remains "  how does it manage to succeed " just as its tech cousins in Japan have become infamous for hemorrhaging billions of dollars in losses . Panasonic in 2012 reported a record loss of $ 9.68 billion , while Sony reported a record $ 5.7 billion loss in last year 's fiscal year through March . Meanwhile , Sharp Corp owes $ 31 billion to the banks . While a perceived lack of creativity and innovation plagues Japan 's tech industry -- as well as a yen hitting post-WWII highs last year -- "  it has a lot to do with a difference in the nature of the auto and tech industries " and a traditionally stronger emphasis on reliability and quality in the former , says CLSA 's Richter . With tech products "  consumers are very price motivated . They expect a television to work for several years but when they want to change it they 'll chuck it in the bin . But if you buy a new car , you expect it 'll work every day you own it and when you resell it you want it to hold its value , " he adds . For Japanese automakers , "  perfection and quality of the product matter a lot . " Toyota and GM In the United States , the world 's second largest auto market after China , General Motors is the country 's top-selling brand , while Toyota is number three , after Ford Motor . But domestically in Japan , Toyota is number one as U.S. automakers have little penetration in the country . That likely will not change , says CLSA 's Richter . "  American automakers would n't invest in Japan because it 's already very crowded and very competitive . " With profit margins in the "  low single digits , " Richter adds that Japanese automakers do n't make much money in Japan as it is . "  Ford would n't go in " and any idea that Japan makes it difficult for American automakers to enter the Japanese market is just a "  political smokescreen to attract government help from Washington . " Richter says the U.S. auto market provides for profit margins in the "  high-single " or "  low-double digit " range . Toyota and Volkswagen While Toyota and GM claimed the top two spots in 2012 global market sales , Volkswagen Group sold 9.09 million vehicles to pull in at number three . Last year was the first time Western Europe 's most dominant automaker broke the nine-million vehicle barrier . Volkswagen passed that milestone not because of stellar sales in Europe but because of BRIC countries , including Brazil and China , where it enjoys growing market share , says Richter . Europe is a place where "  global automakers go to lose money " because "  current economic conditions are bad , " he says . Just earlier this month , the International Monetary Fund  IMF  cut its forecast for the eurozone , predicting the region 's economic activity would contract for a second consecutive year . "  To the advantage of Japan 's automakers , they do n't have a large presence in Europe . For European automakers , it  the economy  is a big millstone around their neck in deep water , " he adds . Toyota only has a 5 % market share in Europe , says Kohei of J.P. Morgan . Toyota and Hyundai While the shadow of successful South Korean tech firms -- like Samsung which posted a record $ 6.6 billion profit last week -- continue to loom large over their loss-making competitors in Japan "  over the next two to three years , Japan will outperform South Korean automakers in terms of sales volumes , " predicts Kohei . South Korea 's Hyundai , the country 's largest automaker , has recently seen strong demand with supply barely keeping up . And between 2007 and 2012 , auto website Edmunds.com revealed the average price for a Hyundai vehicle rose more than 10 % , beating the 7.5 % industry average rise . "  A couple of years ago , Hyundai went through a very powerful product cycle , " says Richter . The Sonata became Hyundai 's answer to the Toyota Camry ; Hyundai 's Elantra to Toyota 's Corolla . But that has now changed . "  Japan is at the peak of their product cycle  and  is recovering from the 2011 disaster . We had a new Camry about this time last year . We had a less expensive version of the Prius -- the Prius C as it 's marketed in the U.S. We 've had new Lexus launches , relaunches of the Avalon and RAV 4 . " "  In terms of durability , Japan is still better than Korea , " adds Kohei . They  Japan  spend lots of money on R&D . In some design and marketing , Korea is better than Japan -- Honda has even started to benchmark Korea as an index of design .  But  Korea 's improvements are not a sustainable trend . " Toyota 's sales volumes will be the highest in Asia over the next few years , concluded Kohei . And depending on growth in China , it may continue to be tops in the world .	Toyota reclaims title of world 's biggest automaker from GM in 2012 ` GM did n't do anything right in 2011 ; Toyota just was n't on field , ' says CLSA 's Richter Japan quake , tsunami in 2011 devastated country 's economy , supply chains ` Japan to continue to outperform ' over next few years , says J.P. Morgan 's Kohei
CNN  -- A few weeks ago Col. Lawrence Sellin , a Special Forces officer stationed in Afghanistan , fell victim to a particularly modern hazard of war : PowerPoint fatigue . Col. Sellin was fired from his post at NATO 's International Security Assistance Force after he wrote an essay for the UPI wire service in which he voiced his frustration about PowerPoint-obsessed officers who spend more time worrying about font size and bullet points than actual bullets . Col. Sellin 's was just the latest in a series of complaints about the military use of slide presentations -- you may recall public ridicule of the famously incomprehensible "  spaghetti slide , " and a recent New York Times article , that cited other officers just as frustrated with the emergence of the military bureaucracy 's "  PowerPoint rangers . " But PowerPoint is n't inherently bad -- just misunderstood . And bad PowerPoint presentations are n't just a concern of the military . We 've all sat through presentations -- or suffered or even dozed through them . The truth is , most are poorly constructed and instantly forgettable . Why does this matter ? Because presentations decide elections , military strategies and multibillion-dollar business deals ; they educate our children and they spread the ideas that shape society 's most important goals and directives . Ultimately , a presentation succeeds or fails on the strength of its message and how well it 's told . And those elements have nothing to do with the brand of the software package involved in its production . You know instantly when you 're watching a great presenter at work -- you may even own the ShamWow to prove it . Sometimes , presenters try to punch up weak content with stunts . I remember one speaker who rode onto the stage on a motorcycle -- and promptly lost control and crashed .  He was okay .  Another presenter rappelled down to the stage like a mountain climber . I remember the stunts , but not the messages . Poor presentations can have disastrous consequences . Edward Tufte , perhaps the most important writer on the display of information , demonstrated how the disintegration of the space shuttle Columbia in 2003 might have been averted by a more objective presentation of the damage inflicted on Columbia 's wing by a piece of foam debris during takeoff . As it was , Tufte wrote in his article , "  PowerPoint Does Rocket Science : Assessing the Quality and Credibility of Technical Reports , " NASA officials came away from PowerPoint-driven briefings by Boeing engineers with an overly optimistic view of the situation , in part as a result of hard-to-understand slides overloaded with bullet points . In other words , a bad presentation may have caused that disaster , and a good one might have prevented it . Of course , we ca n't be naive : a persuasive presentation is n't necessarily a good presentation . In 2001 , Enron Corp. executives Ken Lay , Jeff Skilling and Richard Causey presented PowerPoint slides at an employee meeting that winningly depicted the company 's robust health and the bright future of its projected earnings . By the end of that year the company was worthless . Eventually , the U.S. Department of Justice charged those executives with 10 counts of a variety of crimes -- based on their presentations . Meanwhile , the Enron scandal may have been preventable by the right presentation . In 1999 , a presentation by the Arthur Andersen accounting firm feebly warned the Enron Board of Director 's audit committee of the company 's sketchy accounting . Had that presentation sounded a bold warning , the audit committee might have been able to save the company . For that matter , it might have saved Andersen , which did not recover from its role in Enron 's dealings . Unfortunately , the development of presentations is a skill that is rarely taught and for which few sources of best practices exist . Bad presentations kill ideas , waste money and impede progress . Great ones illuminate , persuade , generate consensus and spark action . How do you create a great presentation ? I 've been in the business for 20 years , but until recently even I could n't define the deep structures and elements of truly superior presentations . My research into this question led me in unexpected directions . The answers I found had nothing to do with technology or the internet ; they were revealed in screenwriting , Greek and Shakespearean drama , mythology and literature . Great presenters employ the basic narrative techniques used throughout history to connect with audiences and move them to action and new understanding . The presentations that work are not the ones with the most data or the most elaborate charts and graphs ; the winners are those with the most compelling and convincing narratives . We 're a distracted , multi-tasking society . So presentations need to lure and re-lure an audience simply to keep their attention . Audiences are looking at the clock or fiddling with their handheld devices throughout a presentation . You do n't connect with your audience by throwing information at them -- you do it by taking them on a journey toward your perspective . Whether you 're a CEO , a salesperson , a general or a biochemist , you must understand how to connect with an audience , how to construct a powerful narrative argument , and how to visually display information for maximum audience comprehension . I read recently that our nation is suffering a crisis of literacy , with only 35 % percent of high school seniors able to read proficiently . Yes , you read that correctly  assuming you 're not part of the 65 % of high school seniors .  But literacy really means the ability to communicate effectively . For professionals and citizens in every strata of society , true literacy now includes the ability to communicate effectively through presentations . The stakes could not be higher for our country . If corporate executives communicate poorly , businesses and the economy suffer , and jobs are lost . If teachers communicate poorly , our children do n't learn and advance . If generals communicate poorly , our troops and their missions are put at risk . These are dangers we can not ignore . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Duarte .	Army officer fired after publishing essay complaining about useless PowerPoints Nancy Duarte says bad presentations obscure or conceal key points She says successful presentations do n't win because of a wealth of data Duarte : What makes a PowerPoint work is great storytelling
Washington  CNN  -- While the Senate passed legislation barring workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity with a significant bipartisan vote on Thursday , the bill faces major hurdles to even start moving through the GOP-led House , and there 's almost no chance it will come up for a vote this year . House Speaker John Boehner opposes the Employment Non Discrimination Act , known as ENDA , and believes protections for employees already exist under other laws . Senate passes LGBT anti-discrimination bill "  The Speaker believes this legislation will increase frivolous litigation and cost American jobs , especially small business jobs , " Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said this week . And Rory Cooper , spokesman for House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , told CNN "  the bill is currently not scheduled " for consideration . Instead , Cooper insisted the Senate should be doing other work . "  I hope  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid  soon addresses the dozens of House-passed bills that have been ignored in the Senate that create jobs , improve education and create opportunity while Americans struggle to find a good-paying job . " But Rep. Richard Hanna of New York , one of the five GOP co-sponsors of the House version ENDA , pointed to his party 's loss in the Virginia governor 's race on Tuesday as a reason why the House needs to consider the measure . "  Certainly what we see in Virginia is a difficulty with women and minorities and that 's something the party needs to reconcile and look broadly and think about , " Hanna told CNN on Thursday . Hanna 's message to the GOP was "  we need to understand that standing on our own principles is part of this , but the world is a pluralistic place and we represent a broad cross section of Americans of different races , generations , sexual orientations , and everyone has rights . " Sutter : It 's ` way past time ' for gay rights law The Republican National Committee found after last year 's loss in the presidential election that younger Americans , who voted disproportionately for Barack Obama , weigh their support for a political party based on its tolerance and inclusiveness , including on the issue of gay rights . 10 Republican Senators vote with Dems Advocates of ENDA also point to national polls that show a majority of Republicans now support legislation protects gays and lesbians from job discrimination . On Thursday 10 GOP senators joined with Senate Democrats to pass the measure . Several senior House Republican congressional aides acknowledge the political climate has shifted some since the House last considered ENDA in 2007 , but they also believe most House GOP members would oppose it now . They say members are n't hearing much about it from their constituents , so there 's little pressure to vote on it this year . Pennsylvania Rep. Charlie Dent , a five-term Republican whose district has been targeted regularly by Democrats , is another Republican who is pushing for a House vote . Dent told CNN the party 's loss to Obama is a key reason why it should get behind the bill . "  I do believe that we have to learn some lessons from the 2012 election , and to me this is one of them . This legislation , ENDA , is one way to reach out to the LGBT community in a way that is fair and reasonable and speaks to our shared values . I think we all agree we should not tolerate this type of discrimination in any form , " Dent said . Sexual orientation and ENDA : How we got here Dent also said passing the measure "  would be an upside to the party , particularly with young voters . " Outside advocacy groups spent the past year targeting states with GOP Senators to secure votes to pass the bill in the Senate . Little pressure on House GOP But House districts were redrawn in 2010 to make them more solidly red or blue so there are fewer "  swing " districts like those Dent and Hanna represent , reducing leverage for supporters . "  As far as specific House races are concerned , I ca n't see it being a main issue , " one of the House GOP sources said in predicting that the issue "  will kind of fade by Friday " without any real push by members for a vote . Even gay rights advocates who sought to pressure GOP Senators are n't sugar coating prospects in the House . "  It 's an uphill climb . It 's Mount Kilimanjaro , " Fred Sainz , vice president of communications at the Human Rights Campaign , told CNN . The House Education and the Workforce Committee , which has jurisdiction over the issue , has yet to announce a hearing on the bill , and does n't plan any action on ENDA at this point , according to a spokeswoman for the panel . One place where a House Republican could face blowback for lack of action is in upstate New York . Second-term GOP Rep. Chris Gibson is running against an openly gay Democratic candidate , Sean Eldridge , who has worked as an advocate for same-sex marriage . Gibson recently signed on as a co-sponsor of the House ENDA bill . Obamacare still a focus But GOP aides believe that highlighting problems with the online rollout of Obamacare and focusing on economic issues should remain their top priorities , and say there is little pressure from GOP rank and file to move ENDA , because they largely oppose the bill . Supporters believe the 2007 House vote , when 35 House Republicans backed the legislation , could be a marker of how many GOP members could vote for the bill now . But of that group only a dozen still serve in the House . Among those who supported that measure was 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin . But that version of ENDA was drafted more narrowly and Ryan 's spokesman says the Congressman is opposed to the Senate bill at this point . "  Congressman Ryan does not believe someone should be fired because of their sexual orientation . That said , any legislation to address this concern should be narrowly crafted to guard against unintended consequences , " Kevin Seifert told CNN . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Boehner 's move to avoid a vote is part of a pattern , criticizing his decision to spend money backing a court challenge to uphold a ban on same-sex marriage , which the Supreme Court overruled . Fighting a losing battle in the House Democrats might try to force a vote through a procedural maneuver but know it probably wo n't happen . Sainz told CNN the effort to pass the bill will take some time , but the Human Rights Campaign is working to get at least 25 of the 35 House Republicans they believe would vote for the bill to publicly endorse it . He said ENDA should fit into the House Republican 's economic agenda since it promotes employees keeping their jobs . Supporters are also looking for other ways to get it to the House floor . One option is attaching the measure to next year 's defense authorization bill in the Senate and sending that to the House . By tucking the measure into a must-pass bill that House Republicans support , any effort to oppose ENDA would mean adopting an amendment to strip it out . Advocates believe they could muster the votes to block that . This strategy was used to move another contentious issue involving gay rights -- the repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy barring service in the military . Dent believes outside advocates need to do some legwork to educate House Republicans , many of whom did n't serve in Congress the last time the issue came up for a vote . But he notes this session of Congress does n't wrap up until the end of 2014 so "  they 'll be time over the next 14 to 15 months to make progress in the House . " Sainz said he is prepared for the challenge and predicts the same constituents who moved the Senate to act will do the same in the House . "  There are gay people in every single member of Congress ' district who we will mobilize , " he said .	Senate passes Employment Non Discrimination Act with help of 10 Republicans House Speaker John Boehner has said he opposes other laws that already cover the issue House congressional aides say they are n't hearing from constituents on the issue Democrats might try to force a vote in the House but know it probably wo n't happen
An old wooden shack and rows of tilted fence posts : In a way , this deserted little patch of Midwestern dirt was the starting point for every airport in the world . On a cold winter 's day I scan a snowy , lonely field north of Dayton , Ohio . Not sure exactly where I am , I wonder for a minute if I 'm lost . A National Park Service sign makes it clear what I 'm looking at : "  The first airport . Exploring Huffman Prairie Flying Field . " Wait . Back up . I do n't think I knew about that . Like millions of other Americans , I was taught that the Wright brothers worked their flying magic in a place called Kitty Hawk , North Carolina . Then it hit me : What I 'd stumbled onto was the Wrights ' outdoor laboratory -- where they took powered flight to the next level . This 84-acre pasture is where Mrs. Wright 's boys let themselves screw up . By learning from each misstep , they were able to develop "  a practical and usable machine , " said park ranger Robert Petersen . "  This is the Holy Grail , " he said . "  This is literally where aviation gets its start . " Related : Were the Wright brothers really first ? After the brothers made history at Kitty Hawk , they schlepped more than 600 miles back to Dayton with a contraption that could fly 852 feet in 59 seconds . That was cool and all -- but folks were wondering : Could an improved aircraft do more ? Could it transport people from city to city ? Maybe . Could it help defend democracy in a world war ? Perhaps . The brothers and their employees had their work cut out for them . Between 1904 and 1916 , according to Petersen and the National Park Service , a series of aviation firsts took place at Huffman Prairie : -- First controlled turn -- First circle -- First controlled bank -- First figure-eight -- The "  world 's first permanent flight school , " was established here , said Petersen . -- Among the first students was Henry "  Hap " Arnold , who would become the only five-star general in the history of the U.S. Air Force . -- Another student was Calbraith Perry Rodgers -- who in 1911 became the first pilot to fly coast to coast . -- The first "  cargo flight , " took place out of Huffman Prairie , said Petersen . As publicity for a retail shop , a Wright aircraft flew several bolts of cloth to Columbus , about 55 miles away . "  So , yeah , " Petersen said . "  It is the world 's first airport . " Hold on now . Other experts are n't so sure about that word , "  airport . " "  That 's not really an airport , " said historian Deborah Douglas , curator of Science and Technology at the MIT Museum . "  An airport has to do two things : get airplanes in and out of the sky safely and it has to transfer people and goods from one mode of transportation to another . If you 're not doing those things , then I 'd say you 're not really an airport . " No other place , as far as I can tell , calls itself the "  first airport . " College Park Airport , a tiny facility outside Washington , D.C. , has a good shot at the claim , said Douglas . However , it avoids the controversy by simply calling itself the "  oldest continually operating airport in the world . " "  If someone says ` first airport in America , ' you could argue Kitty Hawk , " said Chelsea Dorman , program coordinator at the College Park Aviation Museum . "  But we 've been flying here since 1909 and that 's our distinction . " Related story : Were the Wright brothers really first ? Another airport , Pearson Field , which serves southwestern Washington state , says it started four years before College Park , in 1905 , as a landing facility for a blimp . But its website calls it "  one of the oldest operating fields in the U.S. " The actual word "  airport " was n't used until 1919 , when a newspaper coined it to describe Atlantic City , New Jersey 's Bader Field , which opened in 1910 . Now closed , Bader was "  the first municipal airport in the U.S. for both land and seaplanes , " according to the Federal Aviation Administration . "  For academic historians , we find that ` firsts ' are really , really hard to establish , " Douglas says with a laugh . "  They 're hard to know . " Related : World 's most terrifying airport Whatever the case , by the end of the first decade of the 20th century , America needed more landing and takeoff locations to support U.S. air mail deliveries . That spurred the creation of airfields in New York and Philadelphia . Across the Atlantic , European aviators were establishing prototype airports , too . Spurred by World War I , cities there eventually established London 's Croydon Airport , Berlin 's Templehoff and Le Bourget in Paris . Back in Ohio , the Wrights faced a few surprising challenges . The landowner allowed the Wrights to use the field under the condition that they moved the horses and cows out of the way first , said Petersen . "  Sometimes there were issues . " Another problem : how to get airborne . The plane 's engines were n't much more powerful than engines for riding lawn mowers . Nature was n't always cooperative either . Ohio winds are n't quite as gusty as the beaches of Kitty Hawk . Solution : Use a catapult . Here 's how it worked : The plane sat at one end of a 240-foot-long wooden rail atop a wheeled trolley . Ropes and pulleys connected the trolley to a 1,600-pound weight suspended from a 20-foot-tall wooden derrick . With the plane 's engines revving , the weight was dropped , propelling the craft down the rail and -- one hoped -- into the air . "  This becomes the forerunner of catapult systems used to launch planes from aircraft carriers today , " Petersen said . A replica of the catapult derrick stands at the site , along with a replica of the Wrights ' hangar , built on the exact spot of the original . Because Huffman Prairie is part of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , it has remained virtually untouched by real estate development , said Loyola University Chicago history professor Elizabeth Fraterrigo , who researched and wrote a paper on the property for the park service .  PDF "  You can really get a sense of what it was like for the Wright brothers to work there , " she said . "  You can think about what they accomplished at that place , and really feel a connection to it . " The field is among five Dayton-area sites that make up the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historic Park , including the Wright family mansion and one of the Wrights ' bicycle shops . Eventually , Huffman Prairie was swallowed up by two nearby military installations : Patterson Field and Wilbur Wright Field . Later , the two merging facilities became Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , which has contributed to research and development of groundbreaking advances , including pressurized plane cabins , cockpit navigation instruments and night-vision technology . Amazing to think that it all sprouted from the exploits of two brothers , their bicycle shop and this hallowed piece of farmland .	Most know about Kitty Hawk , but the Wrights perfected their planes in Ohio National Park Service touts Huffman Prairie Flying Field as the "  first airport " Many historic aviation firsts took place at Huffman Prairie , located north of Dayton Oldest airports include Maryland 's College Park , Pearson Field in Washington state
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's foreign ministry condemned Texas Gov. Rick Perry Tuesday for saying that Turkey was a "  country that is being ruled by what many would perceive to be Islamic terrorists . " Perry made the statement during a spirited debated between Republican presidential candidates in South Carolina Monday night . Most of Turkey was fast asleep during the live broadcast , and Turkish newspapers had already gone to print by the time Perry declared that Turkey had moved "  far away from the country I lived in back in the 1970s United States Air Force . That was our ally that worked with us , but today we do n't see that . " The Texas governor also argued that it was time for Washington to cut foreign aid to Ankara . A spokesman for Turkey 's foreign ministry fired back Tuesday , accusing Perry of making "  baseless and improper claims . " In a statement e-mailed to CNN , Selcuk Unal said presidential candidates should "  be more informed about the world and be more careful their statements . " "  The unfortunate views of Perry are not shared in any case by Republican party supporters , considering the weak support he has received in public polls and primary elections , " Unal concluded . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the State Department "  absolutely and fundamentally " disagrees with Perry 's statements . Turkey is "  Islamic democracy in action , " Toner added , calling Ankara a "  stalwart ally " with which the United States has a "  strong partnership . " "  I am disappointed and concerned that Turkey and its time-tested ties of alliance , partnership and friendship with the United States became the object of misplaced and ill-advised criticism during last night 's Republican candidates ' debate . Needless to say , the Turkey described in the debate simply does not exist , " Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , Namik Tan , said in a statement Tuesday . He also rejected the idea that Turkey receives significant sums of foreign aid from the United States . "  Indeed , Turkey is a strong and growing trading partner with the U.S. in general , and with Texas in particular , creating thousands of jobs throughout that state , " Tan added . Top Turkish government officials were unavailable for comment Tuesday , with many of them in Northern Cyprus for the funeral of veteran Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktas , but the country 's largely-tabloid press wasted no time in responding to the comments on websites early Tuesday morning . "  The debate that the Republican candidate Rick Perry attended on American Fox TV turned into a scandal that contained very ugly statements about Turkey , " announced TRT state television . "  Rick Perry : what an idiot , " tweeted Mustafa Akyol , a columnist with the English-language Hurriyet Daily news . The Hurriyet newspaper also posted a video on its website of Perry drawing a blank in the middle of a prior debate , forgetting in mid-sentence which was the third of three government departments he would cut if elected president . Perry 's remarks came on the same day a Turkish foreign ministry spokesman announced that a new NATO radar station , manned by Turkish and American military personnel , went online this month in the Turkish province of Malatya . The radar station is part of a controversial U.S.-led missile defense shield that both Russia and Iran have publicly opposed . For more than 50 years , Turkey has been the only Muslim member of the NATO military alliance . Ankara 's relationship with Washington has been turbulent over the last decade , with sharp divisions emerging after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . But that relationship has improved dramatically over the last several years . Turkey has commanded the NATO mission in Afghanistan four times over the last decade , and the United States shares real-time intelligence from aerial drones for the Turkish military 's ongoing war with rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party , who operate along the mountainous border between Turkey and Iraq .	NEW : Turkey is "  Islamic democracy in action , " State Dept. spokesman says Perry suggested that Turkey 's rulers are perceived by some as Islamic terrorists Turkey 's foreign ministry says Perry made "  baseless " claims The relationship between Ankara and Washington has improved recently
CNN  -- Germany 's voters will cast their ballots this weekend to decide who will lead the country through a challenging time as it grapples with its leading role in the Eurozone crisis . But just as the world has changed over the four years since the last election in Germany , so too has the way election issues are discussed . So , ahead of the polls , CNN invited the country 's six leading parties to take part in a social media debate . Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein Journalists from across Europe have posed a series of tough questions via 15-second Instagram video clips , challenging representatives from the parties to respond to them -- and to each other -- in the same short , sharp and shareable way . And while the questions have featured a range of hot topics such as Syria , Turkey and green energy , as on the campaign trail , it is the economy which has dominated the discussion . Christoph Teuner , of German television channel n-tv , asked whether German taxpayers would get the short end of the stick from costly attempts to fight the crisis in the Eurozone . Volker Berkhout of the Pirates Party , sounded a gloomy note : "  There will be a rude awakening . The financial crisis is threatening democracy in Europe . We want owners and creditors to be liable for the losses ... losses should not be socially mutualized any further . " But Norbert Barthle of the ruling Christian Democrats  CDU/CSU  , insisted : "  Germany and its people are benefitting considerably from the euro . The risks are manageable and transparent . It would only be a rude awakening if the opposition pushed through their plans for the mutualisation of debt . " Andrea Nahles of the opposition Social Democratic Party  SPD  disagreed : "  The truth is not being told . Another rescue package is due for Greece . The question is what we are spending the money for . Mrs Merkel is one-sided in her focus on saving , and that will not bring the Greek economy back on its feet . " While Roland Klaus of the new anti-euro party Alternatives for Germany  AfD  offered a prediction -- and a potential solution : "  After the election , Greece as well as Ireland and Portugal will need further billions , without this being of any help to people in those countries . That 's why we 're calling for a separate currency for the crisis countries , allowing them to recover using their own strengths . " Under the rules of the debate , each question is set first thing in the morning ; the parties have until midnight to post their responses via Instagram . If they wish , they can also offer rebuttals to their opponents ' responses . Peer Steinbrueck : The man who stirred up German politics Viewers watching the clips are asked share them online , and to pick their favourite -- and least favourite -- answers . Peter Bale , vice president of digital at CNN International said the innovative debate format reflected the fresh new ways in which information and conversations were being shared online : "  Short video is the medium of the moment , as Instagram and Vine are demonstrating . "  We think this experiment in Germany offers a chance to try a new approach in this exciting area . We 're always keen to innovate in story-telling and this was a great opportunity to try something new . "  And just as the decisions made by German voters on Sunday could have a lasting impact on the future of the eurozone , so CNN 's 15 Second Debates could offer a glimpse of the way political discussions are carried out in the years to come . " See more of CNN 's 15 Second Debates	Voters in Germany go to polls this weekend ; campaign dominated by economic issues CNN 's 15 Second Debates have challenged candidates to answer tough questions Debate takes the form of a series of 15 second Instagram videos CNN 's Peter Bale says project could offer glimpse of political discussions of the future
CNN  -- Eight weeks after the terrorist attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , that killed four Americans , it is encouraging that Congress is finally serious about examining the events surrounding that day . As the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , Rep. Mike Rogers , said on "  Meet the Press " recently , this was not an intelligence failure . But failures clearly happened elsewhere , particularly in the State Department . State Department documents revealed that slain Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and others had warned several times of "  growing problems with security " and violence in eastern Libya , where Benghazi is located , after the fall of Moammar Gadhafi and after the Transitional National Council moved its governing headquarters from Benghazi to Tripoli in September 2011 . Stevens ' predecessor Ambassador Gene Cretz had also sent cables to the State Department warning of the deepening security crisis in Libya . Well before the Benghazi attack , our intelligence agencies , Department of Defense and State Department cables from the U.S. Embassy in Libya all warned of a growing security crisis . They said terrorists from across the region , including al Qaeda elements believed to be associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , were able to travel freely into the country to recruit , organize , plan attacks and procure weapons . This is not to suggest these attacks were planned months in advance . We do n't know , but we do know that they were premeditated . We also know that the CIA believed the Benghazi tragedy on September 11 was the work of terrorists within hours of the attacks . Conducting diplomacy on behalf of the United States is not without risks . U.S. foreign service officers and members of the diplomatic corps understand this . I think it is important that the U.S. continue to show the flag in far-flung corners of the world , some of which may often be dangerous . Peter Bergen : Republican obsession with Benghazi makes no sense Diplomats like Stevens thrive on engaging with the local population . That important work must continue in Libya , Pakistan , Egypt and other countries that pose difficulties . However , the U.S. government has a responsibility to ensure that our posts overseas are properly fortified and defended , based on the security situation on the ground . We know that the security at the U.S. mission in Benghazi and the CIA annex was woefully inadequate . It should have been fortified , and more reliable security forces were clearly needed to defend those facilities . Immediate access to heavier weapons may have saved lives . It is important to decide which elements of the U.S. national security structure should be available to support the defense and extraction of U.S. diplomats and personnel if they come under fire . The State Department needs a clear procedure , understood by all , to communicate with the Department of Defense or the CIA in emergencies . We need to resolve why the nearest defense rescue team was six hours away and why teams were n't deployed that might have been able to save the lives of the two Americans at the CIA annex who died in the early hours of September 12 . Although there are no obvious targets for fighter jets , the mere presence of an American or allied F-15 nearby could strongly deter attackers . Because the uppermost purpose of any inquiry is to prevent such a tragedy from happening again , we need to know what measures Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has taken to ensure that decisions about security and requirements of U.S. diplomatic missions are given the highest priority . We understand from congressional testimony that the deputy assistant secretary for international programs in the Bureau of Diplomatic Security has broad authority over the allocation of security resources , with life and death consequences for our diplomats . Given the vulnerability of nontraditional posts like Benghazi , we should determine whether higher-level officials should oversee security issues . If not , we must be sure that anyone assuming such a position is adequately qualified in overseas security operations and threat analysis . We must also ensure that clear mechanisms are in place to enable a seamless emergency response among the different agencies that share responsibility . On all these counts , we have more questions right now than answers . It is very important to establish how far the U.S. commitment to Libya extends . While the U.S. played a role in helping the Libyans overthrow Gadhafi , we need to assess how this attack affects our plan for a post-Gadhafi Libya . I believe the U.S. has a responsibility to help the Libyans develop their defense services through the expansion of the Defense Department 's Section 1206 training and equipment programs . The U.S. must also support the Libyans in forging a new constitution that respects the rights of all and begins to restore governance to their country . Americans have watched recent developments in Libya with great sadness and concern . We have a strong interest in helping a secular , pro-American government that rejects Islamic extremism take root . Unfortunately , this attack and the confusion stemming from the administration 's response have led some to conclude that Libya is more trouble than it 's worth . But our interests in Libya are worth pursuing , and getting answers and developing solutions to prevent future tragedies are critical to our national interest . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Marco Rubio .	Marco Rubio : Answers from Congress ' Benghazi inquiry will help prevent another tragedy Rubio : Ambassador Stevens , others warned of deepening security crisis Security at the U.S. consulate and the CIA annex was woefully inadequate , he says Rubio : It 's critical U.S. helps support a secular , pro-American government in Libya
NEW YORK  CNN  -- If you 're Iranian , you probably know both and Akbar Ganji and Googoosh . You also know that 30 years ago they had as much in common as Rush Limbaugh and Madonna . The story of how they came together this week on a street corner in Manhattan for a hunger strike is a glimpse of the evolution of the Islamic Revolution of 1979 and the far-reaching impact of Iran 's current opposition movement . Akbar Ganji went on a three-day hunger strike this week outside the U.N. to protest Iran 's crackdown on dissidents . In 1979 no Iranian singer was more famous than Googoosh . She was Iran 's Madonna , Sheryl Crow and Mariah Carey wrapped into one . She was rich , famous and adored by millions . Back then , the 29-year-old singer was also a symbol of an increasingly westernized Iran . In 1979 Akbar Ganji was 19 . He was a devout Muslim and staunch supporter of a religious movement to overthrow the western backed Shah of Iran . Ganji says he had Googoosh 's records , but his religious mentors convinced him that her music was un-Islamic . So he tossed the records in the trash . "  All my friends did , " Ganji said . "  Back then everything had to be about the revolution . " In February 1979 , Ganji 's wish came true . The shah fell from power . In his place came the father of the Islamic revolution , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini . For Googoosh and Ganji , the tables turned . Googoosh never recorded another album in Iran . Ganji went on to become a member of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , worked for the government , then went on to become an accomplished journalist . The two very different roads traveled by Googoosh and Ganji began to converge in the mid-1990s . That was when Ganji started becoming disillusioned with Iran 's theocracy . This was n't what he had in mind , he says , when he struggled for freedom and change in 1979 . As a journalist he described Iran 's leaders as fascists and dared to accuse high-ranking officials of murdering political dissidents . In 2000 , the government accused Ganji of being an enemy of the revolution and sentenced him to six years in prison . In 2005 Ganji went on a hunger strike . For 74 days he ate no food , surviving on water , tea and sugar cubes . Ganji left Iran for the United States after he was released from prison in 2006 . Soon after he arrived , he says , he got a call from the singer whose records he 'd trashed more than 25 years before . Googoosh was already living in exile in the States . "  I do n't want to go into details of what she said , " Ganji said . "  It was personal . She just wanted me to know that I was in her thoughts during my time in prison . " Watch Googoosh and Ganji talk about the hunger strike " This week , Ganji welcomed Googoosh at a rally as they started a three-day hunger strike in support of Iran 's opposition movement . Dozens of Iranian artists , authors and intellectuals living in exile joined them in the hunger strike in front of the United Nations ' headquarters in Manhattan . Many were draped in green , the official color of the opposition movement that claims Iran 's presidential elections were rigged . The gathering called on the U.N. and the international community to help free the hundreds of detainees arrested by Iranian authorities after the disputed June 12 election . The names of the detainees were printed on a banner . The names in red were those who had been killed . When Googoosh arrived on Wednesday , her fans mobbed her . One woman wrapped a green scarf around her shoulders . "  As an artist I have a voice , and I can ask the world to help our people , " Googoosh told CNN . Two Iranians with nothing in common 30 years ago now struggle for the same cause . "  No , I do n't think anybody expected this , " Ganji said . The hunger strike ended Friday evening , and Ganji called it a success . He said the hunger strikers also vowed to oppose any future appearance at the United Nations by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  If he decides to come to the U.N. , we have to bring 10 times as many people as we had this week to prevent him from making an appearance , " Ganji said .	Akbar Ganji was committed to the revolution in Iran before souring on the regime Googoosh was a superstar in Iran who went into exile after the 1979 revolution Ganji and Googoosh joined in a hunger strike this week in support of dissidents
CNN  A Columbia University student who was accused of rape is suing the New York City school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "  serial rapist " According to the lawsuit , Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz 's 2013 rape claim , as well as others that came to light after Sulkowicz went public with her allegations in various media interviews . Her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school 's handling of the complaint , saying she hoped to show how "  flawed " the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases . CNN does not usually name individuals in sexual assault cases , but in this instance , both parties have spoken publicly about their experience . They have also both said in separate interviews with The New York Times that Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in a disciplinary hearing . Nungesser , an international student from Germany , filed a federal discrimination lawsuit last week against the school ; its president , Lee Bollinger ; and the visual arts professor who oversaw Sulkowicz 's mattress project , "  Carry That Weight , " as part of her senior thesis . The lawsuit alleges the defendants violated Nungesser 's right to an education free of gender-based discrimination by allowing Sulkowicz to speak out against him after he had been cleared of wrongdoing . During an April 2014 news conference at Columbia University , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand stood alongside Sulkowicz as she called Nungesser a "  serial rapist " and said she fears for her safety while he 's still on campus . The harassment continued , the lawsuit claims , when Columbia visual arts professor Jon Kessler let Sulkowicz "  transform her personal vendetta " into a "  Columbia-sponsored calumny " by supporting "  Carry That Weight " for her senior thesis , allowing her to earn school credit through "  this outrageous display of harassment and defamation . " Bollinger also commented on the case in a 2014 New York Magazine profile of Sulkowicz , now a senior at Columbia . "  This is a person who is one of my students , and I care about all of my students . And when one of them feels that she has been a victim of mistreatment , I am affected by that . This is all very painful . " The defendants "  had the power , as well as the legal and contractual obligation " to protect Nungesser , who is also a senior , the lawsuit claims . "  By refusing to protect Paul Nungesser , Columbia University first became a silent bystander and then turned into an active supporter of a fellow student 's harassment campaign by institutionalizing it and heralding it . " Columbia University declined to comment on the lawsuit . The school also declined to confirm the outcome of Nungesser 's disciplinary proceedings . "  As we have said consistently , we do not and have not commented on individual students or disciplinary cases not only because of federal student privacy law , but also because of our ethical responsibility to ensure all current and future students have confidence that the university will never publicly discuss private matters they share when interacting with counselors and support staff , the campus disciplinary process or other resources we provide to them , " spokesman Robert Hornsby said in statement . Kessler also declined to comment on the lawsuit . The case has produced dueling narratives from both sides in national media outlets . The most recent came from Nungesser in a Daily Beast article titled , "  Columbia Student : I Did n't Rape Her , " in which he shared a long exchange of Facebook messages to support his claim that their sex was consensual . Some of those exchanges were included in the lawsuit , but Sulkowicz told CNN they were taken out of context in the suit . She also balked at the idea that Nungesser would sue the school or her professor "  for allowing me to make an art piece . " "  It 's ridiculous that he would read it as a ` bullying strategy , ' especially given his continued public attempts to smear my reputation , when really it 's just an artistic expression of the personal trauma I 've experienced at Columbia , " Sulkowicz wrote in an email . "  If artists are not allowed to make art that reflects on our experiences , then how are we to heal ? " The project essentially consists of Sulkowicz carrying a twin-size mattress wherever she goes on campus , but not off campus . She 's allowed to accept help carrying the object but does not allow herself to ask for help . Nungesser 's complaint seeks damages to be determined at trial for harm to his reputation , loss of educational opportunities and future career prospects . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Camille Cava contributed to this report .	Paul Nungesser says he was target of gender-based harassment campaign The case drew national attention after his accuser started carrying a mattress around campus
CNN  -- Former Bush adviser Karl Rove said Sunday that Sen. John McCain had gone "  one step too far " in some of his recent ads attacking Sen. Barack Obama . Karl Rove said both candidates are guilty of going too far in their attacks . Rove has leveled similar criticism against Obama . "  McCain has gone in some of his ads -- similarly gone one step too far , " he told Fox News , "  and sort of attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the ' 100 percent truth ' test . " The Obama campaign immediately leaped on the quote . "  In case anyone was still wondering whether John McCain is running the sleaziest , most dishonest campaign in history , today Karl Rove -- the man who held the previous record -- said McCain 's ads have gone too far , " said campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor , in a statement sent to reporters minutes after Rove 's on-air comments . Rove masterminded both of President Bush 's successful White House bids . Rove said both candidates need to "  be careful " about their attacks on each other . "  They ought to -- there ought to be an adult who says , ` Do we really need to go that far in this ad ? Do n't we make our point and wo n't we get broader acceptance and deny the opposition an opportunity to attack us if we do n't include that one little last tweak in the ad ? ' " he said . Obama on Saturday accused McCain and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin of avoiding the issues to "  distort " his record . "  They 're going to talk about pigs , and they 're going to talk about lipstick ; they 're going to talk about Paris Hilton , they 're going to talk about Britney Spears . They will try to distort my record , and they will try to undermine your trust in what the Democrats intend to do , " he said at a stop in Manchester , New Hampshire . McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds criticized Obama for showing "  zero restraint , " considering what Gulf Coast residents were facing after Hurricane Ike . Bounds said the "  attacks mark a new low from Barack Obama . " The Obama campaign shot back and accused McCain of "  cynically running the sleaziest and least honorable campaign in modern presidential campaign history . " McCain said last week that he thinks the tone of the campaign would be different had Obama agreed to appear with him in town hall meetings across the country . Both McCain and Obama laid low on Sunday . McCain attended a NASCAR race in Loudon , New Hampshire . Obama had no public events scheduled , but Sen. Hillary Clinton hit the trail for him in Akron , Ohio . Clinton repeated her campaign one-liner -- "  No way , no how , no McCain , no Palin . " The New York senator said "  all that McCain and Palin offer is four more years of the same failed policies and wrong direction and disappointment and difficulties that have confronted our country . " "  Barack and I may have started out on two separate paths , but we are on one journey now , " she said . Meanwhile , the Obama campaign announced Sunday that it had raised $ 66 million in August . The new total bests the campaign 's previous high of $ 55 million , which came in February during his tough primary fight with Clinton . The Obama campaign said more than half a million new donors contributed in August , when the Illinois senator accepted the Democratic presidential nomination and named Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware as his running mate . The campaign had more than $ 77 million in cash on hand at the end of August , compared with about $ 66 million in July . On September 1 , McCain 's campaign reported raising $ 47 million in August . That haul also set a monthly record for the Arizona senator , whose campaign says it received a financial shot in the arm after McCain picked Palin to join the ticket . Obama has rejected public financing , calling the system "  broken " -- a decision that frees him to continue raising money for November . McCain has accepted federal matching funds for his general election campaign , giving him $ 84 million to spend for November . The money comes with strict spending limits , but the Republican National Committee 's victory fund can continue to raise and spend money on his behalf . With Palin on the campaign trail , McCain has been seeing increased numbers and energy at his campaign events . The two will hold joint town hall meetings sometime early this week . A McCain adviser said early plans are to hold the town halls in western Michigan and Wisconsin , although the exact details of where and when they will be held are still being worked out .	Clinton says McCain , Palin offer four more years of "  disappointment " Karl Rove says both candidates need to "  be careful " about going too far Obama raises record-breaking $ 66 million in August McCain also breaks his fundraising record with $ 47 million
CNN  -- North Korea has identified a detained American man , who was arrested last year for "  committing a crime " against the reclusive nation , according to state-run media . "  U.S. citizen Jun Young Su was arrested in November 2010 and has since been investigated by a relevant organ for committing a crime against  North Korea  after entering it , "  the KCNA news agency reported Thursday . "  He admitted his crime in the course of investigation . " KCNA did not provide details on the nature of the alleged crime . Two State Department officials , speaking on condition of not being identified told CNN Tuesday that the man is a Korean-American businessman . One of the sources said the businessman had a visa to enter North Korea . The State Department is working with the Swedish Embassy in the North Korean capital , Pyongyang , the officials said . The United States is urging North Korean authorities , through Swedish officials , to release the man on humanitarian grounds . Sweden represents America 's interests in North Korea because the United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations . The Swedes have been granted consular access to the man and have visited him , the officials said . Swedish officials are asking for regular visits , the officials said . A Swedish official in Stockholm confirmed to CNN that the embassy in Pyongyang is working on the case . The sources declined to provide additional information because of privacy concerns . North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years , increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between Pyongyang and Washington . In 2010 , former President Jimmy Carter helped secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen who had been fined roughly $ 600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea . Gomes , who attempted to commit suicide while in North Korean custody , was believed to be a Christian activist . Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had entered North Korea in March 2009 and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August 2009 after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton . Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear development program . The United States and South Korea held joint military drills in February , despite North Korea 's warning to the South not to carry out the drills , calling them a provocation and threatening to engulf Seoul in a "  sea of flames . " South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors , and last November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . CNN 's Elise Labott and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report	Jun Young Su was arrested in November 2010 , KCNA reports Sources say the detainee is a Korean-American businessman The State Department is working on the case with the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Four prominent neurologists say they can not see how Sen. Pete Domenici can continue his work as a U.S. senator given his diagnosis with frontotemporal lobar degeneration , a type of dementia . September tests showed Sen. Pete Domenici 's brain disorder had progressed since an April checkup . The disease attacks the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain , which control judgment , complex decision-making , communication , mood and behavior . None of the four doctors is treating Domenici , nor is any familiar with his case , but all have treated patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration , or FTLD . Dr. David Knopman , a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic , says when his patients learn they have FTLD , he tells them it 's best to stop working . "  They would be prone to have poor judgment and make mistakes , " Knopman said . "  I would encourage them to leave their employment . " Domenici , a six-term New Mexico Republican , announced Thursday that he will not seek re-election after his current term expires in January 2009 . It 's not clear how long the senator has known of his condition . "  For at least two years , I have felt very little impact from this disease , " he said in announcing his decision . But September tests showed the condition had progressed since a checkup in April , he said . "  While the progression was slight , I had to consider whether I could in good conscience run for re-election and serve you as well as you deserve for another six-year term , " Domenici told an audience in Albuquerque , New Mexico . A source close to Domenici , 75 , says his physician at Johns Hopkins University Hospital "  has a comfort level with his ability to finish out the term . " The source added , "  Those of us who work with him have not seen much deterioration . " Dr. Bruce Miller , a neurologist at the University of California-San Francisco , says that of the 500 patients he 's treated for FTLD , very few have been able to keep working . "  At times they can shift to a different style of work that does n't require making big judgments , like being a paper boy , " he said . Dr. Murray Grossman , a neurologist at the University of Pennsylvania , noted the difficulties the disease presents for people who make decisions on others ' behalf . "  A lawyer would n't be able to best defend their clients . A stockbroker would n't be able to make the best investments for their clients , " he said . Another neurologist , Dr. Daniel Brauner , said if an FTLD patient is making "  world-shaking decisions they should probably stop working . " He added some of his patients in less stressful jobs have been able to keep working but have had to scale back , leaving behind tasks that are too complex . In addition to problems with judgment , FTLD patients have behavior and language issues , because of the areas of the brain that are affected . "  They can be inappropriate with money . They believe every ad they see in the paper and buy everything , " he said . The doctors said first signs of the disease are often very unusual behavior or a change in personality . An affectionate grandfather , for example , might push away a grandchild looking for a hug . Someone who 's always been very polite might become very rude . "  Someone who 's usually very adept and in touch with people might suddenly make inappropriate or caustic comments , like they might refer to someone who 's overweight as ` fatty , ' " Knopman says . He added patients often do n't want to leave work . "  One of the problems with this disorder is they often lack insight so they themselves do n't perceive the problems , " Knopman said . There 's no cure for FTLD . Treatment consists of managing symptoms with medication and in some cases , speech therapy . E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Senior producer Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report .	Experts : Most patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration must stop working FTLD affects parts of brain that govern judgment , complex decision-making Senator 's doctor said to be comfortable with decision to finish term
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The recently resuscitated momentum toward Mideast peace talks has picked up even more steam , with the U.S. State Department announcing Sunday afternoon that initial meetings are planned for Monday night , in addition to previously anticipated meetings on Tuesday . The Israelis will be represented by Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Yitzhak Molcho , and the Palestinians will be represented by Chief Negotiator Saeb Erekat and Mohammad Shtayyeh , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement , which said the prinicpals would "  formally resume direct final status negotiations . " Ahead of the talks , the Israeli government on Sunday approved freeing 104 Palestinian prisoners , despite popular sentiment against such a release . Before his weekly Cabinet meeting , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged his government to vote in favor of the prisoner release , despite reservations . "  This moment is not easy for me . It is not easy for the ministers , " he said . "  It is not easy especially for the families , the bereaved families , whose heart I understand . But there are moments in which tough decisions must be made for the good of the country , and this is one of those moments . " The measure passed 14-6 with two abstentions Also at Sunday 's meeting , the Cabinet approved the opening of diplomatic negotiations with the Palestinians and authorized a team headed by Netanyahu and four other top ministers to run the prisoner release . The votes were designed to build confidence and help kick-start the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . The first of four waves of releases is slated to come after the negotiations get under way . Read more : Israelis , Palestinians to resume talks Some observers see recent displays of goodwill , such as this vote , as signs that the upcoming round of peace talks could prove fruitful . Comments by top diplomats have sparked hopes as well . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated his praise for Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Sunday 's statement , saying , "  Both leaders have demonstrated a willingness to make difficult decisions that have been instrumental in getting to this point . We are grateful for their leadership . " But it 's not just in the hands of politicians . The Israeli Cabinet approved a measure stating that any agreement with the Palestinians will be submitted to the Israeli people for a vote . Also Sunday , Palestinian police in Ramallah , West Bank , clashed with marchers protesting the resumption of negotiations with Israel . The protesters said the talks indicate a "  willingness to concede , against the position of the Palestinian national consensus and even the decisions of the PLO institutions themselves " and called the planned talks "  deeply dangerous to the Palestinian national cause , " said the Addameer Prisoner Support and Human Rights Association , a Jerusalem-based Palestinian nongovermental organization . And Hamas , which governs the Palestinian territory of Gaza , said in a statement that it "  rejects the Palestinian Authority return to peace talks with the Israeli occupation authorities . "	NEW : Peace negotiations set to start Monday night in Washington , says U.S. State Department In West Bank , Palestinian police clash with protesters over startup of talks with Israel Israel plans to release 104 Palestinian prisoners , starting next week Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls 14-6 vote "  tough decision "
CNN  -- Walking the red carpet is basically like walking a tightrope in front of your harshest critics , but Gabourey Sidibe has handled hers with class . The 30-year-old "  American Horror Story : Coven " star received nasty tweets about her appearance after she arrived at the Golden Globe Awards on Sunday , with some viewers taking offense to her shimmering floor-length gown . The reactions ranged from sarcastic "  is she pregnant ? " tweets to demands for Sidibe 's stylist to do better . "  Clearly Gabby 's stylist does n't like her and has no problem stealing her money , " said one observer . "  I love Gabby Sidibe but she looked like the GLOBE at the Golden Globes , " said another . "  Who thought this was okay ? " inquired a third , who included the hashtags "  ImSurprisedSheCouldFitInTheFrame " and " #IThinkSheAteTheGoldenGlobes . " Sidibe caught wind of her haters after the show , and sent out a tweet that was quickly crowned The Globes Tweet that Won The Internet : Obviously , she nailed it . The subsequent response to her smart , classy takedown has been just as positive as those initial dress-related tweets were negative , and has likely introduced a slew of newbies to her wit . For her fans , Sidibe 's response is pretty typical -- they 're used to her hilarity by now . "  I seriously just busted my a ** while boarding this plane but no one saw me !!! I feel like I 've been given a second chance at life , " she tweeted on January 4 . "  My underwear hurts ... . Need more booze . Send help ! " she joked on the night of the Globes . This is n't the first time that Sidibe has had to weather very public comments about her body . After she was nominated for an Oscar in 2010 with Lee Daniels ' "  Precious , " the conversation quickly turned to whether a woman of her ethnicity and shape could even find additional work in Hollywood . Sidibe 's nonverbal response ? Keeping the roles rolling in .	Gabourey Sidibe received "  mean tweets " about her Golden Globes dress The 30-year-old actress responded with a witty tweet The response to her reply has been positive This is n't the first time the actress has dealt with criticism about her weight
CNN  -- Mark Webber endured a frustrating first test outing in the new Red Bull on Wednesday as his world champion teammate Sebastian Vettel was again near the top of the Formula One timesheets in Spain . Vettel finished top in Tuesday 's opening session of 2011 after completing 93 laps in Valencia , and the German was second-best behind Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso following another 44 laps at the wheel of the RB7 . Webber , however , was back in a lowly 14th after being able to drive just 17 laps of the circuit . "  I did n't get so long in the car today , so we will start the real work tomorrow , " the Australian , who finished third overall in the drivers ' championship , told the official F1 website . "  There was a bit of a problem with the installation , something with the pedals , so it took a bit longer than we expected . It was n't the smoothest day , but we 're back tomorrow -- it 's great that the guys have got the car here for the first test and I 'm looking forward to driving it more . " Red Bull unveil 2011 car ahead of title defense Last year 's runner-up Alonso clocked a best time of one minute 13.307 seconds in his 108 laps at the wheel of the new F150 , to be the fastest of 15 drivers among the 12 teams taking part . The two-time world champion Spaniard was fifth after 98 laps on Tuesday . Force India rookie Paul di Resta was third after completing a day 's - best 111 laps in the team 's 2010 vehicle , while fellow British driver Lewis Hamilton debuted for 2011 also in an old car as he was fourth for McLaren . "  It felt great to be back in the car . I have n't been driving for a while , so it felt good to brush away the cobwebs , and I felt at home straight away , " the 2008 world champion said . "  We were trying to replicate 2011 downforce levels on the old car -- so it was n't 100 % accurate -- but we still got a good understanding of the new Pirellis and covered quite a lot of ground . "  The new tires are easy to get a feel for . There 's not as much grip as we had last year -- they drop off quite a bit , too , and they 're a little bit harder to control over a longer stint -- but it 's the same for everybody . " Renault , Sauber and Lotus launch new cars Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button will also drive the modified MP4-25 in Thursday 's final session ahead of the launch of the new car on Friday and next week 's tests in Jerez . In fifth place , Lotus Renault 's Robert Kubica was the third driver to break 100 laps in the new R31 as he headed off HRT 's Narain Karthikeyan in the Spanish team 's 2010 vehicle . Nico Rosberg was seventh after 69 laps in Mercedes ' new MGP W02 as the German team bounced back from Michael Schumacher 's hydraulic problems on Tuesday . Williams ' Venezuelan rookie Pastor Maldonado was 11th after completing 29 laps in the afternoon in the new FW33 , with his veteran Brazilian teammate Rubens Barrichello ninth following his 50 laps . Sauber 's Mexican rookie Sergio Perez was 10th but could manage only 42 laps in the C30 before suffering serious power-train problems . Bottom of the field was Heikki Kovalainen in Team Lotus ' new T128 , which lasted only 15 laps in its track debut before a power-steering fault ended the Finn 's session .	Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso fastest in the second day of F1 testing for 2011 Tuesday 's leader Sebastian Vettel second for world champions Red Bull But German 's teammate Mark Webber 's session ends after only 17 laps Lewis Hamilton is fourth ahead of the launch of the new McLaren on Friday
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Police are on an "  intense " and "  extremely focused " nationwide manhunt for the occupants of a black Range Rover at the center of a shooting on the Las Vegas Strip that claimed three lives . The incident involved a Maserati that was shot at and subsequently crashed into a taxi , which caught fire . The driver of the Maserati , whom family identified as Kenneth Cherry Jr. , died at a hospital . The taxi driver and a passenger also died . The shots were fired from the Range Rover , which Las Vegas police spokesman Bill Cassell said could be anywhere . Police have received multiple reports of vehicles that match the description , but "  at this point , we have no information that the vehicle in the crime has been located , " he said Friday . Cassell declined to say whether there was one suspect or several , citing the ongoing investigation . Cherry , an aspiring rapper known as Kenny Clutch , was driving his Maserati on Thursday when someone in the Range Rover fired several shots at his car as it headed north on Las Vegas Boulevard . The Maserati continued into the intersection of the boulevard and Flamingo Road and collided with a taxi , which caught fire , killing cab driver Michael Boldon , 62 , CNN affiliate KVVU said . "  It is gut-wrenching , " Boldon 's younger brother , Tehran Boldon , tearfully told KVVU . "  My life mission will be to see them punished and brought to justice for the senseless thing they did . " In a separate interview Friday with CNN , Tehran Boldon said that his brother 's son is a limousine driver on the Las Vegas Strip and he called his father to warn him to avoid the area after seeing a car afire -- not realizing that the taxi on fire belonged to his father . "  He saw the accident and he tried to warn his dad to say avoid Flamingo  Road  " because he knew his father was nearby at the Rio casino , Tehran Boldon said . "  He called and he did n't get a response . So his father was the fatality in that accident that he was being warned to avoid . "  We lost a real patriarch and brother , " said Tehran Boldon . The son , 36 , works the same shift as his father did . The father 's body was burned beyond recognition and was identified by his cab assignment , Tehran Boldon said . He is also trying to provide the coroner 's office with his brother 's dental records , he said . A passenger in the taxi also died . A passenger in the Maserati and three others were injured in the pileup , Sheriff Douglas Gillespie said . The Clark County Office of the Coroner/Medical Examiner was conducting an autopsy of Cherry , 27 , a representative said Friday . The office was n't releasing further information Friday about Boldon or his passenger . The fire closed a block and a half of the Strip near some of its biggest draws : Caesars Palace , the Bellagio , Bally 's and the Flamingo . Police collected surveillance video from the casinos . The shooting took place two blocks from where rapper Tupac Shakur was killed in 1996 . Cherry prominently features his Maserati in a music video on YouTube . "  Out of everyone I know in the rapping industry , there is no way I would have ever , ever expected to find that he was shot on the Las Vegas Strip in such an aggressive manner , " said Vicki Greco , Cherry 's attorney . "  He did n't have a  criminal  record or a history . He was just a good kid trying to make it and be a good father . " Cherry had two children , she said . See an iReporter 's video of the fire "  First time in Vegas , and then , like , the whole thing , what you know from movies only -- I was shocked , " said Christine Gerstenberger , who was visiting from Germany . Thursday 's incident started about 4:20 a.m. with a dispute in the valet lot of the Aria hotel , about a block away , Gillespie said . Investigators have n't confirmed the cause of the altercation , but he said it spilled onto the street . The Maserati 's passenger and other witnesses are helping detectives piece together what happened , he said . The "  top priority " for police is to find those who were inside the Range Rover , which sped away from the intersection . John Lamb , who was inside Caesars Palace , told CNN affiliate KLAS that he heard the commotion and saw the taxi on fire from a window . "  There was a loud bang , and I heard two other booms . I looked out my window at Caesars Palace ... and could see the fireball , " he told KLAS . Man kills 3 , himself in Southern California shooting CNN 's Matt Smith , Tom Watkins , Jason Hanna , Deanna Hackney and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : An autopsy is being performed on aspiring rapper Kenneth Cherry Jr. , 27 Son sees cab afire , not realizing it was his father 's , and calls to warn him "  He called and he did n't get a response , " relative says There is a nationwide manhunt for the suspect or suspects
CNN  -- I have vivid memories of childhood . The 5-year-old girl with endless questions ; she wanted to discover the secrets of the entire world within minutes . She dreamed of being a doctor once , an engineer another time , and a mother of lovely kids . A dreamer , this is how I would describe the little girl Reem . Reem is a 22-year-old student living in Gaza City . Days passed fast . Reem could n't remember a lot of them , but she had some moments left in her memory -- usually the happy moments of her life -- and those memories were the basis for today 's Reem , the 22-year-old girl who is ME . I remember how happy I was when my teacher announced to the school that I was first in my class . I remember my mother 's voice singing to me before I fell asleep ; I remember my father running behind my kite when I lost it in the air , and I remember me asking my parents for a real monkey as a pet . I ca n't forget the day I finished high school ; I felt so grown up . I remember the day when the school announced the exam results and the tears of happiness my mother shed when I received a grade of excellent , and then I decided to enroll in the college of Business Administration . I can call Gaza City the city of qualifications , where a lot of youth are qualified for good jobs . I am one of those youth who is volunteering in organizations , participating in community service activities , getting trained in various skills and getting more qualified day by day . But many young people like me can not find jobs . See perspectives from Palestinian youth " Sometimes , I feel disconnected from Gaza , but whenever I see the photos of Jaffa , I realize that it 's where I and a thousand refugees belong . I find myself crying , missing a place I have never been to , but it 's where my parents and my grandparents lived . I remember all those bedtime stories my grandmother used to tell me about the land , the fence of roses they had , and her climbing trees and cutting fruits . How I miss that place . But life must go on . My day starts with the smile of optimism and the plan of my day . Waking up early to go to my university ; I have to attend all of my lectures even though some are boring . My friends are a big part of my day . We start with our updates and then go to courses where we can develop our skills . When I arrive home , I feel so exhausted , but still I continue working and studying hard . I am always looking for chances for personal development , whether through volunteer work or at school . I was offered a great opportunity to volunteer with the aid organization Mercy Corps as a founding member of the Why Not ? youth program , and then I had the pleasure of seeing this program blossom into the Global Citizen Corps , or GCC , a cultural exchange between Palestinian and American students . I believe this program is deeply important because it changes the negative impression of Palestinian youth that is too often spread by media . All my friends and 1,000 others are engaged in this program , which develops our personalities , our skills and serves the community . We use digital media as a tool to express what we feel and what we do . We make changes in ourselves , in our community , and we pave the way for global change . We are thinking globally and acting locally . My ambition is to be a researcher in business studies all over the world . I finished my B.A. and a diploma of business studies , and I hope to obtain a scholarship to do graduate work in media and development . I am also interested in the field of project management and human interaction management . I know it is a good ambition to be Ph.D. holder and a worldwide researcher , but as Palestinian girl , I have fewer opportunities , not because I am not qualified or hard-working enough but because I am Palestinian . Usually Palestinian students have fewer opportunities than others to get scholarships , because it 's hard for them to leave the Gaza Strip , as all of the borders are closed . But I have not lost hope , and I will not . I will keep trying to pursue my dream of being the researcher I want to be . It 's true that I am a girl , and girls face some challenges in our society . For example , I ca n't stay a late hour at work . But I am so happy and honored to be a Muslim ; putting the scarf on my head is something that I love . To many foreigners , it might seem to be against women 's freedom , but I can tell that when a lady is convinced of it , it becomes part of her self-esteem , her self-confidence and her protection each day . I feel sad when the world gets angry at Muslim girls while they are peaceful and happy , enjoying their choices and freedom . I found that I 'm not that different from Catherine , who lives in the United States and whom I contact through the Global Citizen Corps . I have realized how similar Palestinian youth are to youth all over the world . Catherine likes some of the food I like , and she loves swimming just like I do . There are also lovely differences between us : I tried to cook what she taught me once , and she is learning Arabic now . Maybe our lifestyle is different . I focus on my own development ; I spend most of my time working to become a more qualified person with more knowledge and skills . I do not work hard because I am super girl or I aspire to be one but because I always want to be ready for the worst situation . In Palestine where I live , surprises can happen at any time , and I do n't want to be caught off guard . I want to make my future secure by being a really good person . I deserve to live . I enjoy my life as it is now , but I hope that when I find a scholarship and live in the West , I will not be obliged to take off my scarf and wo n't hear negative comments about me because I am Muslim . I consider religion a personal freedom that is related to your beliefs and what you feel in your heart . I love letting others live in peace . ... Why ca n't we enjoy peace , too ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Reem calls Gaza City the city of qualifications , but many ca n't find jobs She describes her day filled with school work , friends , studying and volunteering She says she realizes Palestinian youth are similiar to youth all over the world For more , go to In Depth : Generation Islam
CNN  -- With their worldly sophistication , ready cash and penchant for smiling all the time , tourists can be a much-hated group . But before you laugh at the starstruck look in their eyes or mock the clattering chaos of their attempts to follow a tour group leader , understand this : they do n't care . They 're having the time of their life -- and more people than ever are joining them . According to the latest UN 's World Tourism Organization  WTO  figures , international tourist arrivals grew by 4.6 % in the first half of this year . Some 517 million international tourists arrived at destinations between January and June 2014 , 22 million more than in the same period in 2013 . And we all know why . Being a tourist is awesome . So awesome that the WTO has set an annual day of observance to highlight tourism 's social , cultural , political and economic value . In honor of World Tourism Day , celebrated September 27 , we 've compiled 20 reasons it 's great to be a camera-toting out-of-towner with a sudden need to stand in line for a Renaissance art museum . What are your favorite things about being a tourist ? Drop a note in the comments section below . 1 . You can eat like a feudal lord every night , and still lose weight from all the walking . 2 . Whether you 're terrifying yourself on local transport or basting yourself in the sun next to a bag of beer , it beats what your friends are doing back home . 3 . The guilt attached to not utilizing your gym membership is far less severe than it is back home . 4 . Cold beers on the beach/in a hammock/in bed/in a bar in the middle of the afternoon ? Do n't mind if we do . More : 8 best beer towns in the USA 5 . Bringing home a tan and worldly knowledge is like dousing yourself in pheromones . 6 . You can finally finish that book you 've been falling asleep with every night for the last three months . 7 . The weather . Even the rain seems somehow exotic when abroad . More : In defense of rainy days -- why drizzle should n't ruin travel 8 . The buzz of walking around a new place on a Wednesday morning knowing you 're not at work ? Ca n't beat it . 9 . Hotels are like mini-vacations unto themselves , with someone always on hand to clean up the bathroom and serve you drinks downstairs . 10 . You can wear anything . Baggy Thai fisherman pants with a beer singlet ? Go on , no one will bat an eyelid . More : 7 travel fashion trends that should be banned 11 . You learn about the country you 're visiting through experience , rather than National Geographic . Or CNN Travel . 12 . You do n't have to wait til 5 o ' clock to declare happy hour . Start anytime . 13 . From fried monkey toes in Indonesia to a perfectly grilled steak at Peter Luger in New York , you get to try local specialties previously seen only on TV . More : A traveler 's guide to eating insects 14 . Those childish antics people get up to in pictures -- fingertips on the top of the Eiffel Tower , posing with fake gladiators at the Coliseum -- yep , you get to do them , too . 15 . The nearest you get to cooking is pointing at the fish you want grilled for your dinner . 16 . You get to mingle with a range of nationalities . Then escape them the next day . More : Who are the world 's worst tourists ? 17 . Nothing beats vegging out on a plane or beach with your favorite new playlist blasting through your ear buds . Except discovering a world of musicians eager to introduce you to new music from Mexico to Morocco . 18 . Tanned fat looks better than pale fat . 19 . Extravagant spending is easily justified when you 're traveling . When will you ever get back here ? Might as well make the most of it . 20 . You can jettison your mobile phone and laptop without stress . Phileas Fogg was n't online for hours at a stretch every day and you do n't have to be either . More : Postcards vs. the Future : 10 "  endangered " travel items What are your favorite things about being a tourist ? Share them in the comments section . Originally published November 2013 , updated September 2014 .	More people are traveling internationally than ever before To mark World Tourism Day , we honor camera toters and museum goers the world over Hotels ! Find a great one and you 'll never want to leave Been looking for some pleasure reading time ? Go on vacation
CNN  -- No one wants to spend their vacation in the bathroom . Reports of an outbreak of vomiting and diarrhea at sea have some imminent cruisers worried . "  My mother , who is a first time cruiser , is seriously reconsidering our choice for our family vacation , " wrote CNN reader Monica Mancera in an e-mail . The University of Texas at Austin student is booked on a Carnival cruise with her family in March . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating an outbreak this week of gastrointestinal illness on Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas ; the cause has not yet been determined . More than 650 passengers and crew have become ill , according to the cruise line . The outbreak is the second so far this year aboard a cruise ship . Just the thought of wasting precious vacation time has worker-bee bystanders riled up : So glad it 's not me ! Poor suckers ! And cruise skeptics have another opportunity to ask : What were they thinking ? "  I feel bad for sick people , but I do n't understand the desire to be on the petri dish in the first place , " wrote one CNN reader . Cruising represents one of travel 's deeper divides . Love it or hate it , most of the keenest objections are only half true -- or false , depending on how you look at it . Floating petri dishes ? Cruise ships are ripe for spreading illness . Outbreaks of norovirus , the leading cause of acute gastroenteritis in the United States , occur most frequently in close quarters , according to the CDC . Nursing homes , dormitories and cruise ships are common transmission grounds . In 2013 , the CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program logged nine gastroenteritis outbreaks aboard ships , seven of which had a confirmed cause of norovirus . About 1,200 cruise passengers were affected by those norovirus cases . Three of the affected sailings were from U.S. ports , with about 700 passengers sickened , according to Stewart Chiron , CEO of CruiseGuy.com . To put those figures in perspective , the industry 's Cruise Lines International Association says more than 10 million passengers embarked on CLIA member cruise ships from a U.S. port in 2012 , and norovirus sickens an estimated 21 million people in the United States every year , according to the CDC . More outbreaks of gastroenteritis have been reported aboard cruise ships since 2001 , according to CDC statistics . The government agency says the spike is tied to an increase in both passengers and ships sailing the seas as well as an overall increase in norovirus outbreaks . "  There are attempts to control these types of outbreaks , but it 's hard to guarantee that it 's not going to happen for any particular cruise , " said Dr. Lin Chen , director of the Travel Medicine Center at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge , Massachusetts . So yes , the threat of illness is real . Yet the number of reported outbreaks among thousands of annual sailings has ranged in recent years from less than a dozen affected sailings to about three dozen . Bottom line : More people are getting sick on land .  Granted , that 's little comfort if you 're vomiting violently at sea  . Are ships or passengers unsanitary ? Norovirus , the most common cruise ship outbreak offender , spreads quickly from person to person but can also be transmitted through contaminated food or water or from contaminated surfaces . The CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program conducts regular unannounced inspections of cruise ships . Explorer of the Seas , the Royal Caribbean ship currently experiencing an outbreak , scored a 98 out of 100 on its last inspection in July 2013 . "  Something like this is not representative of an unclean ship , " said Colleen McDaniel , managing editor of CruiseCritic.com . "  It does n't mean this particular vessel was unclean . It just means there was an outbreak on board . They 're ending the cruise two days early and doing a really deep cleaning of the ship . It 's not likely to happen on the same ship again . " Unlikely , but not unheard of : Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess had norovirus outbreaks on two consecutive sailings in 2012 . In 2010 , the CDC issued a four-day no-sail recommendation for a Celebrity Cruises ship after three consecutive outbreaks of gastrointestinal illness . The deep cleaning upon Explorer of the Seas ' return to port "  will be the third aggressive sanitizing procedure the ship has undertaken since we became aware of the issue , " Royal Caribbean said . Cruise lines activate CDC-monitored response plans when outbreaks are detected . Measures include increasing the frequency of cleaning and disinfection , isolating ill people , distributing information about proper hand-washing and hygiene as well as illness updates and regular reporting to CDC Vessel Sanitation Program officials . Hygiene is extremely important when outbreaks occur . Proper hand-washing , avoiding contact with ill passengers and direct contact with public surfaces such as restroom door handles can help stem the spread of highly contagious illness . The CDC offers health tips for cruisers on its website . Avid cruiser Marcy Webster and her husband wo n't be changing their plans for an upcoming sailing on Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas . "  It is not the cruise line 's fault . It is a passenger who came onboard sick and spread the virus everywhere . On every cruise I have been on , the crew is diligent in keeping things clean and making passengers use hand sanitizer , " Webster , of Keller , Texas , wrote in an e-mail . "  Bad things happen . If you stop your life for fear of what could be , you never experience anything . " CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Some travelers hesitant to cruise due to gastrointestinal illness outbreak aboard ship Cause of the outbreak has not been pinpointed yet by the CDC In 2013 , about 1,200 passengers were sickened by norovirus on cruise ships Each year , norovirus affects an estimated 21 million people in the United States
Washington  CNN  -- The following is a primer on campaign finance terms relevant to the Supreme Court 's 2010 "  Citizens United " ruling that loosened spending restrictions in federal elections , which will have an impact this election year . Federal Election Commission  FEC  : -- An independent regulatory agency created by Congress with the mandate to "  administer and enforce the statute that governs the financing of federal elections , " according to its website . Individual donations : -- Federal law limits this kind of direct contribution to a federal candidate to $ 2,500 per election . Direct contributions to a national political party are capped at $ 30,800 per election . Elections such as primaries , general elections and special elections are counted separately . Corporate donations : -- Direct contributions from corporations to political parties and candidates for president and Congress are banned under long-standing federal law . The "  corporate " label can mean private businesses , labor unions and nonprofit special interest or advocacy groups . Businesses had been prohibited from making such contributions since 1907 , labor unions since 1943 . Corporations can , however , make donations through political action committees . "  Hard " money vs. "  soft money " : -- "  Hard money " refers to tightly regulated contributions to candidates , while "  soft money " refers to unregulated , unlimited contributions to political parties for so-called "  party-building " activities . Traditionally , soft money donations have been used for get-out-the vote drives , voter registration efforts and ads that say "  Vote for Democrats " or "  Vote for Republicans . " Potential uses of soft money , however , were limited by Congress with the passage of the 2002 campaign finance law known as McCain-Feingold . Political Action Committees  PACs  : -- PACs are separate private entities set up by business , labor , individuals or other special-interest groups to raise and spend money to directly help elect federal and state candidates . PACs may give up to $ 5,000 per candidate and $ 15,000 for a political party each year . PACs may solicit money from individual employees , shareholders , or members , who themselves may contribute $ 5,000 per year to the PAC . The National Association of Realtors PAC spent the most money in 2008 , more than $ 4 million . The Supreme Court 's Citizens United Ruling made independent spending lawful , but corporations or unions that want to contribute to federal candidate campaigns must still rely on traditional PACs for that purpose . PACs are subject to donor disclosure rules . Super PACs : -- A direct result of the high court 's 2010 ruling , which placed individuals and corporations on equal "  free speech " footing when it comes to independent campaign spending . -- Technically known as "  independent expenditure-only committees , " super PACs may raise unlimited sums of money from corporations , unions , associations and individuals , then spend unlimited sums to overtly advocate for or against political candidates . Super PACs must also report their donors to the FEC monthly or quarterly -- the super PAC 's choice -- as a traditional PAC would . That choice may prevent some donor disclosure until after the elections take place . -- Unlike traditional PACs , super PACs are prohibited from donating money directly to political candidates . "  527 " groups : -- 527s are certain tax-exempt groups operating in part as political organizations . Named after a section of the U.S. tax code , they are largely funded by rich individuals , labor unions and advocacy groups . They gained attention in the 2004 campaign through the campaign activities of organizations such as Swift Boat Veterans for Truth . "  501  c   4  " groups : -- 501  c   4  groups are another type of tax-exempt group , named for a section of the tax code . They have grown popular in recent years , after the FEC raised questions about how some 527 groups were operating . The earnings of these 501  c   4  groups must be limited to "  charitable , educational , or recreational purposes . " They have an unlimited ability to lobby for legislation and participate in political campaigns and elections . There are no political donation limits to 501  c   4  s , but such donations are generally not tax-deductible . These organizations do not have to disclose their donors . Issue ads : -- These ads are the most prevalent form of spending by outside groups , like Freedom 's Watch and the National Abortion Rights Action League  NARAL  . They can indirectly express support for or opposition to a candidate but may not explicitly urge the viewer to vote for or against that candidate . Critics of such advertising call them thinly disguised campaign commercials . Sponsors do not have to disclose their donors or source of funding , and political parties themselves are free to use their money on these issue ads . Public funding : -- Presidential candidates who have collected enough donations can qualify for federal money to match what they have raised privately . Public matching funds apply only during the early primary contests , whereas major party presidential nominees qualify for a lump-sum grant that can be used for the general election in November . In return for accepting public funds , candidates must agree not to go over specified spending limits . President Barack Obama opted out of federal matching funds during his 2008 primary race , because he was able to raise so much money from private donors . He also turned down public funds in the general election . CNN 's Robert Yoon , Alan Silverleib , and Keating Holland contributed to this report	The rules changed after the landmark "  Citizen 's United " ruling by the Supreme Court in 2010 Super PACs can spend unlimited money but must disclose donors They use these dollars to flood airways with issue ads and ads supporting a particular candidate
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The verdict so far : generally good news but still some uncertainty about whether there 's a leak in BP 's well in the Gulf of Mexico , now fitted with a containment cap . That 's the assessment of the retired Coast Guard admiral overseeing the government 's response to the oil spill , more than 24 hours into a critical test checking the well 's ability to hold up under pressure . Thad Allen reported Friday afternoon that pressure is rising in the well , a sign that the well is holding and that the leak that had been spewing oil into the Gulf for nearly three months can be contained . But pressure readings have not reached the optimal level . Pressure was up to 6,700 pounds per square inch inside the well 's capping stack , he said . More than a day into the "  well integrity " test , pressure above 7,500 pounds per square inch would indicate "  high integrity and low potential for a leak , " according to Allen . What does 6,700 pounds per square inch mean ? Government scientists and BP experts are n't quite sure . It could be a leak , or it could simply be that so much oil has spilled out already , it 's taking a while to build up pressure . "  In general , as the president noted today , this is generally good news , " Allen said . But he added , "  I think we 're at a point where there 's enough uncertainty about the meaning of the pressure that we 're seeing that we have to use due diligence moving forward . We do n't want to do harm or create a situation that can not be reversed . " Allen said the government has told BP to proceed with the test but intensify monitoring of the well , by conducting seismic and acoustic tests and visual inspections of the sea floor using robots . In addition , a government ship is in the area , fitted with equipment for detecting methane gas , which would be an indication of a leak . The "  well integrity test " began Thursday after two days of delays , first as government scientists scrutinized testing procedures and then as BP replaced a leaking piece of equipment known as a choke line . The oil stopped gushing out Thursday afternoon , the first time BP has been able to gain control since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded April 20 and triggered the catastrophe . All that was made possible by a new , tightly fitting containment cap . BP Senior Vice President Kent Wells said later in a telephone conference following Allen 's that two robots trolling the sea floor in the area of the well bore and two others capturing sonar data have not detected any breaching . "  At this point , there is no evidence the well bore has been breached , so that 's good news , " he said . "  The current monitoring that we do shows no negative evidence . " He said the well integrity test is proceeding as planned , and the pressure readings so far , while not optimal , are "  consistent with BP 's engineering analysis " and "  do not give us any indication that we do not have well integrity . " Wells said also said that work restarted Friday on the drilling of the first of two relief wells , seen as a more permanent way to plug and seal the breached well . They 're expected to be completed in August . One serves as a backup to the other . When they are ready , mud and cement will be pumped into one of the relief wells to permanently seal BP 's crippled well . Allen and BP officials initially had said that the test results would be closely scrutinized at six-hour intervals and that the integrity test could go on for 48 hours . But at this point , they 're focusing on each six hours , with no guarantee the test will last two days . When the test is wrapped up , valves are expected to be reopened to resume siphoning oil to two ships on the surface , the Q4000 and Helix Producer , as government and BP officials assess the data and decide what to do next . Two more ships are due to join them in coming weeks , bringing containment capacity to 80,000 barrels  about 3.4 million gallons  of oil a day , more than high-end estimates of how much oil had been leaking . But it 's possible some oil may be released into the Gulf again , before all the ships are ready . As results came in Friday morning , President Barack Obama spoke about the developments with a note of caution . "  I think it 's important that we do n't get ahead of ourselves here , " he said . "  You know , one of the problems with having this camera down there is that when the oil stops gushing , everybody feels like we 're done , and we 're not . We wo n't be done until we actually know that we killed the well and have a permanent solution in place . " The president expects to return to the Gulf Coast in the next few weeks . The White House announced that first lady Michelle Obama will return to the Gulf region next week to meet with Coast Guard personnel who 've been responding to the oil spill and to christen a Coast Guard cutter named in honor of Dorothy Stratton , the service branch 's first female commissioned officer . The visit will take place in Mississippi on Friday . Meanwhile , Gulf residents are happy simply that no oil is being released now . "  See the smile ? That 's my reaction , " Jamie Munoz said . "  But it 's cautious optimism . Obviously , I 'm very happy . It 's been our goal for 88 days now . It 's been a long run . But , hopefully , we get it done right and begin the cleaning . That 's the most important part . Let 's clean up and get our fishermen back to work . " BP also reported that it has paid more than $ 200 million in claims to 32,000 Gulf Coast residents . The largest groups of claimants include fishermen , who have received $ 32 million , and shrimpers , who have received $ 18 million , the company said in a news release . It said that about $ 77 million has been paid for loss of income to workers on ships , at seafood processing plants and other businesses . .	NEW : BP official : No indication we do n't have well integrity "  Well integrity " testing proceeds past 24-hour mark Pressure is still not at optimal level Government tells BP to step up monitoring
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived Thursday in Afghanistan to speed up a resolution to the country 's election dispute , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Kerry will be meeting with presidential candidates Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani and President Hamid Karzai . The visit comes two days after Maj. Gen. Harold Greene -- a longtime officer who was leading efforts to train soldiers in Afghanistan -- was killed at a military training facility in Kabul . Kerry recently brokered an agreement between the nation 's two presidential candidates to accept the outcome of an audit of the election . Preliminary results from the June runoff showed Ghani in the lead , but Abdullah alleged massive election fraud . The inauguration of the President , originally scheduled for the first week of August , was postponed while the votes are recounted . "  The secretary will follow up on his July visit to Kabul and his subsequent phone calls to the candidates , encouraging both to help accelerate the audit process which they are both participating in , and make progress on the details of the political framework that they agreed to during the Secretary 's last visit , " Psaki said in a statement . "  The Secretary will encourage both candidates to work together in the spirit of collegiality and statesmanship , to ensure national unity and the means to build on the progress the Afghan people have achieved . " Also : Why do some Afghan forces turn and kill allies ? Also : Profiles of Ashraf Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah	Visit comes a day after a U.S. major-general was killed in an insider attack Kerry is following up on his July trip to Afghanistan The secretary is to meet with both candidates and President Hamid Karzai
Kansas City , Kansas  CNN  -- Republican groups from all corners of the party are reluctantly starting to pour money into this traditionally red state to try to save the incumbent GOP senator -- and lock down their prospects of taking control of the Senate . The Kansas-based Koch brothers , who have so far engaged minimally here , are poised to step up their efforts to help Sen. Pat Roberts , according to sources familiar with their plans . Worried that Roberts could lose the GOP seat in their backyard , the Koch founded and funded group , Americans For Prosperity , plans to increase its activity in the last weeks of the campaign . Freedom Partners , another conservative group with ties to the Koch brothers , already spent nearly $ 1 million in television ads to help Roberts and plans another buy before election day . Other outside groups that hoped to spend campaign cash at this time to defeat incumbent Democrats are also now coming in big to defend this GOP seat . Until recently , Republicans thought they 'd only have to play defense in Georgia and Kentucky , where Democrats have mounted competitive Senate campaigns . But Democratic candidate Chad Taylor 's abrupt decision to drop out of the Kansas race last month transformed the election here into an unexpected head-to-head contest between Roberts and independent Greg Orman . Orman has said he will caucus with whatever party is in the majority , but Republicans do n't want to take any chances . They saw a GOP Senate takeover within their reach in the last two elections , 2010 and 2012 , only to be snatched away -- mostly by intra GOP fighting and candidate missteps . Ruby red Kansas has not elected a Democrat to the Senate in over 80 years , but Roberts is under attack for a cardinal sin in politics -- losing touch with the people back home . National Republicans came in to help overcome that image to win a tough primary fight , and he is now up against Orman -- a businessman who is successfully appealing to voters as outside Washington and outside the two party system . The Ending Spending Action Fund , founded by billionaire businessman Joe Ricketts , announced it is pouring more than $ 1 million dollars into Kansas for television and radio ads over the next several weeks , and is poised to spend more if needed . On Friday the group released one of those ads , first shared with CNN , which casts Orman as a liberal who 's "  masquerading " as an independent . Brian Baker , who runs the group , tells CNN they saw polling that showed Roberts in trouble , and worry that his opponent , independent Orman , is really an "  Democrat masquerading as an Independent . " Orman ran as a Democrat in the past , but has given money to and voted for candidates in both parties . "  We think its crazy to leave the Senate majority to someone who wo n't come clean to the people of Kansas about what he stands for , " said Baker , referring to the fact that Orman is cagey about who he will caucus with if he wins , and if his decision determines which party controls the Senate . Baker was an aide to former Kansas Senator Bob Dole , a close friend of Roberts who is working behind the scenes as well as in public to pull Roberts over the finish line . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which played a major role helping incumbent Republicans in the GOP primary season , is also about to "  go big " in Kansas for Roberts , according to a source familiar with their plans . In a preview earlier this week , Roberts appeared with the Kansas Chamber of Commerce to receive its endorsement . UPDATE : An initial version of this story did n't include the proper name for Ending Spending Action Fund and misquoted its president , Brian Baker . CNN 's Adam Levy contributed to this report	Koch-founded group will increase efforts to support Sen. Pat Roberts in final weeks of the campaign Kansas Senate race is suddenly competitive Kansas has n't sent a Democrat to the Senate in 80 years
Beijing  CNN  -- After a deal was hammered out by European Union leaders last week on a joint plan to help bail out Greece and bolster European banks , the world looked to China to help pick up the check . In a historical context , it 's a remarkable turn of events for China , which inside a generation has rocketed from isolation and poverty to become the world 's second largest economy behind the United States . But as Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Europe to meet with other G-20 leaders in Cannes , it became increasingly clear that Beijing was n't coming into town wearing a white hat to rescue debt-ridden eurozone nations . Why is the EU turning to China ? Simply put , Beijing has the money . The tumult in Greece is over austerity moves that would cut Greek services , reduce payback to Greek bondholders by as much 50 % and bolster loans to help Athens in $ 178 billion deal . The end goal of these measures would leave Greece with debt equaling 120 % of its total economic output by 2020 . China , by contrast , is the largest holder of foreign currency reserves in the world with more than $ 3 trillion in its coffers and an economy whose annual growth rate hovers near 10 % . European leaders are hoping Beijing will be a substantial contributor to the European Financial Stability Fund , which under the deal hammered out last week would increase from 440 billion euros to 1 trillion euros  $ 1.36 trillion  . But Chinese Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao told reporters gathering in Cannes ahead of the summit that it was "  too soon " for Beijing to say whether it would contribute to the fund . "  The fund has not established details of its investment options so we still ca n't talk about the issue of investing , " he said . What 's in it for China ? The bloc of 17 nations united under the euro currency is China 's largest trading partner , the destination for nearly 20 % of Chinese goods exported in 2010 ; by comparison , 18 % of Chinese exports were sent to the U.S , according to 2010 World Trade Organization figures . In July , eurozone trade to China surpassed the U.S. for the first time to become the EU 's largest trading partner , according to Eurostat . So an unstable Europe would undoubtedly hurt the fortunes of exporters here . Still , any help would likely come with strings attached . Though U.S. lawmakers have led complaints that China unfairly manipulates the value of its currency , similar shouts have been heard from European officials . No doubt Beijing would like to see those calls silenced . Moreover , China wants the EU to give it market economy status , which would reduce the tariffs for Chinese products sold in the eurozone . China is scheduled to get market economy status by the World Trade Organization in 2016 , and observers say it 's likely the EU will wait until then . "  Since eruption of the global financial crisis and the debt crisis in Europe , China has offered help to Europe . For instance , China sent several delegations to Europe to purchase huge amounts of goods and services in 2009 , aiming to boost Europe 's economy . Since last year , China has purchased bonds of several European countries , trying to save nations deep in a debt crisis , " a commentary in China 's state-run Xinhua said last month arguing for market economy status . "  By contrast , it is a pity that the EU side still shows no sincerity on the issue of recognizing China 's market economy status , " it said . Why is China reluctant to help ? There appears to be little domestic enthusiasm in China to run to the EU 's aid . "  They keep pushing the anti-dumping thing and bullying China , and now we are helping them ? " one Beijing man told CNN , referring to allegations that China "  dumps " products in markets with unfair pricing . "  I say we should not save them . " Chinese perceive their currency reserve as a nest egg built on the back of 30 years hard work building its economy , said Patrick Chovanec of Tsinghua University . "  It 's a sensitive issue because Beijing ca n't be seen to be just investing this money willy-nilly , " Chovanec said . "  They need to make a case that they 're going to earn a reliable return . " Economist Andy Xie in Shanghai argues it 's not in Beijing 's "  political , economic or strategic interest " to come to the EU 's aid . While some have argued a handout would be a way for China to increase its "  soft power " abroad , Xie thinks such a move would backfire . "  Look at Greece -- they complain their country is being taken over by German bankers , " he said . "  How do you think they will feel if China steps in ? The average person would n't look at this as aid , but as China coming in and taking us over . " And a slowdown in the EU would hurt China , it would n't raise the specter of widespread unemployment , he added . "  China 's labor market is fully employed ... there are widespread shortages of manual labor . Any economic slowdown  from reduced EU demand  is not likely to see widespread unemployment . " Even more of a signal that Beijing will let the EU solve its own problems . How China can really help Others say that China 's real opportunity to help is n't through bailing out Europe , but investing in the EU and boosting domestic consumption of European products . "  What the Europeans lack is n't money , what they lack is growth , " said Chovanec . "  China can play an important role in saving Europe but not in the way that most people think . Most people think the Europeans are coming to China hat in hand hoping for bailout funds . "  Really the way that China can help Europe is not by continuing to run surpluses and turn around to use the proceeds to lend it back to Europe to keep them on life support . "  The real way Chinese can help Europe is by using some of that money , the $ 3 trillion worth of reserves they 've piled up to stimulate consumption ... and help create jobs , earnings and opportunity in Europe , " Chovanec said . CNN 's Alexis Lai contributed to this story	EU leaders are hopeful China will assist in funding the European debt plan China has the world 's largest currency reserves with more than $ 3 trillion Beijing is reluctant to spend the reserves for fear of public backlash "  They keep pushing the anti-dumping thing and bullying China , and now we are helping them ? "
CNN  -- David Petraeus had another love affair long before the one that cost him his job running the CIA . It was with the press . The retired general 's skillful courtship of journalists brought him a career 's worth of favorable headlines and has , to a remarkable degree , softened the coverage of his fall from grace . Petraeus accomplished this in part by granting reporters access -- though none quite as extraordinary as that accorded his biographer , Paula Broadwell , who several news organizations have identified as the other woman in the extramarital affair he has acknowledged . Watch : Are the media unfairly trashing Paula Broadwell in Petraeus scandal ? Consider , for instance , the way NBC 's Andrea Mitchell , who broke the story of Petraeus ' resignation on Friday , described her scoop . "  I do n't take any pleasure in this in the sense that this is really a personal tragedy , " Mitchell said on MSNBC . "  Having covered Gen. Petraeus myself here and overseas , I am absolutely convinced from all the communications I have had from people directly involved that this was a matter of honor . " Watch : Why are the media obsessing on Hillary Clinton and 2016 ? As NBC 's longtime defense correspondent Fred Francis told me on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " Petraeus would call him and other reporters regularly to chat off the record or on background . Little surprise , then , that the tone of the coverage could be summed up as "  huh ? " Did Petraeus really have to quit over a garden-variety affair ? Was this some sort of ploy to avoid testifying this week on the fatal attack at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi ? Turns out FBI investigators stumbled upon the affair while looking into Petraeus ' e-mail account . Watch : Karl Rove rejects reality on Fox News His earlier relationships with journalists yielded benefits for both sides . During the Iraq invasion in 2003 , Petraeus , then commanding the 101st Airborne , allowed Washington Post reporter Rick Atkinson to shadow him , including on a Black Hawk helicopter . Here is just one passage from what Atkinson , a stellar military reporter , later turned into a book : King : Petraeus ' resignation does n't preclude testimony "  We stood 15 feet beyond the tent flap . I blinked at the swirling dust , and felt grit between my molars . When Petraeus turned to face me , I was alarmed to see how troubled his blue eyes were . "  This thing is turning -LSB- bad -RSB- , " he said . "  The 3 ID " -- the 3rd Infantry Division , fighting just ahead of the 101st around Najaf -- "  is in danger of running out of food and water . They lost two Abrams and a Bradley last night , although they got the crews out . The corps commander sounds tired . " Petraeus famously turned to Atkinson and said : "  Tell me how this ends . " Watch : Why Barack and Michelle photo went viral Now that kind of access is n't just smoke and mirrors ; Petraeus ran the risk that the mission might have been a disaster . But he trusted journalists , took them into his confidence , and in return was portrayed as a swashbuckling general , military intellectual and , eventually , potential presidential candidate . Newsweek even ran a feature on Petraeus ' "  Rules for Living . "  The author ? Paula Broadwell . This is not to say the plaudits were n't deserved . Petraeus literally wrote the manual on counterinsurgency , made important gains while leading George W. Bush 's surge in Iraq , and adjusted strategy when President Barack Obama asked him to oversee the war in Afghanistan . But since Obama sent Petraeus to Langley last year , he has kept an unusually low profile . As questions swirled about the CIA 's role in the Benghazi tragedy , he said nothing publicly . A CIA director without the deep media relationships that Petraeus enjoyed would have faced a torrent of stories about why he was missing in action and whether he had bungled the job of diplomatic security . Instead , the press gave Petraeus a pass . What 's your reaction to Petraeus ' resignation ? Sound off with CNN iReport Maybe that 's true on his career-ending episode as well . But that has hardly been the case with Broadwell , whose e-mails triggered an FBI investigation .  In hindsight , it might not have been the height of discretion to do a television tour about your book "  All In , " talking about how awesome your subject is . Author Tom Ricks , who portrayed Petraeus favorably in his Iraq war book "  Fiasco , " writes on Foreign Policy 's website : "  Petraeus took the samurai route and insisted that he had done a dishonorable thing and now had to try to balance it by doing the honorable thing and stepping down as CIA director . But why ? Petraeus is retired from the military . If the affair happened back when he was on active duty , it is part of the past . And there is nothing illegal about civilians having affairs . " Maybe that 's the right tone . But contrast it with the way that politicians and business executives routinely get pummeled for fooling around -- though it 's different , and should be , if subordinates are involved  or an intern , in Bill Clinton 's case , or a housekeeper , as in Arnold Schwarzenegger 's  . News flash : Even top officials are human . They succumb to temptation . And they get a lot more sympathy in times of trouble from journalists they have befriended . King : Petraeus story ` does n't add up ' House majority leader knew of Petraeus affair in October Petraeus letter : ' I showed extremely poor judgment ' Opinion : How Petraeus changed the U.S. military The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : David Petraeus long had a good relationship with the media He says the general 's courtship of journalists brought him favorable headlines Kurtz : In coverage of scandal that led to resignation , media have given him benefit of doubt He says the press has given Petraeus a pass on question about security in Benghazi
Justice Anthony Kennedy was among the first of his colleagues to arrive Wednesday at the U.S. Supreme Court . His chambers lit up several hours before the last-day release of monumental rulings on same-sex marriage . There was little doubt that later that morning , this quietly powerful justice would be having a major say in the legal , political , and social path of gay rights moving forward . And at precisely 10 a.m. , Kennedy kicked off the public session with his eloquent majority ruling striking down a key part of a federal law that blocks a range of benefits for legally married gay and lesbian couples . The Defense of Marriage Act "  humiliates tens of thousands of children now being raised by same-sex couples , " he said . "  The law in question makes it even more difficult for the children to understand the integrity and closeness of their own family and its concord with other families in their community and in their daily lives . " What 's next for gay rights movement ? It was vintage Kennedy -- a mix of sweeping rhetoric mixed with practical legal and social considerations . "  If Bill Clinton was ` the first black president , ' Anthony Kennedy has now firmly secured his place in history as ` the first gay justice , ' " said Michael Dorf , a law professor at Cornell University and a former Kennedy law clerk . "  Justice Kennedy makes clear that he not only accepts , but welcomes the task of writing majestic opinions affirming the dignity of gay persons and couples . " By the Numbers : Same-sex marriage Kennedy , a moderate-conservative , is in many ways the "  power broker " on the court . He shared the role of a "  swing vote " with fellow centrist Sandra Day O'Connor before she retired seven years ago . "  The basic principle is , it 's Justice Kennedy 's world and you just live in it , " said Thomas Goldstein , a private attorney who publishes the well-read SCOTUSblog.com . "  Justice O'Connor , having been the most powerful woman in the world , handed the keys to him on her way out the door and said , ` Have fun . ' And he took up that invitation . " The thinking goes that with four solid conservatives aligned on the right and four liberals on the left , Kennedy is the man in the middle , often able to cast the deciding vote in contentious cases , assuring his views of the law prevail . Kennedy has crafted a powerful , if hard to define , judicial legacy -- seemingly in the forefront of every major ruling during his tenure . As an unapologetic "  swing " vote , he was the key behind-the-scenes architect of the 2000 Bush v. Gore drama , and a 1992 opinion upholding abortion rights . He has written majority decisions upholding rights to homosexual couples , underage killers , and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military in the war on terror . That was true this past term in several other hot-button cases in which he played a key role by : • Writing the majority opinion allowing for the continued but limited use of race in the college admissions process , yet making it harder for institutions to use such policies to achieve diversity . • Siding with his fellow conservatives to strike down a key section of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , weakening federal oversight of states and counties with a past history of discrimination of minority voters at the polls . • Concluding criminal suspects can be subjected to a police DNA test after arrest but before trial and conviction . • Blocking a lawsuit by privacy advocates challenging the federal government 's sweeping electronic eavesdropping on suspected foreign terrorists and spies . Kennedy was in the majority 91 % of the time in the court 's 78 argued cases this term , more than any justice . In divided cases -- where there was no unanimity -- he was on the winning side 83 % , again tops on the court . Sometimes he sides with his more liberal colleagues , as he did in the Defense of Marriage Act case , but he is mostly a reliable conservative vote , especially on business and regulation disputes . That unpredictability has long made liberals and conservatives equally nervous , but many on the right are more outspoken in their disappointment in the Ronald Reagan nominee , who turns 77 in July . "  Kennedy 's style as the ` man in the middle ' is often as a ` justice in a muddle , ' " said Douglas Kmiec , a law professor at Pepperdine University and a former lawyer in the Reagan and Bush administrations . "  He writes cryptically ... suggesting a standard of his own making that is not fully developed . " Despite the rhetoric , Kennedy 's moderating force has generally benefited his conservative colleagues . Of the 23 divided 5-4 cases this term -- including the two marriage cases as well as voting rights -- Kennedy was in the majority 20 times , according to SCOTUSblog.com , again higher than anyone on the nine-member bench . Only on six decisions did he side with the four left-leaning justices : Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . But it was his majority opinion in the DOMA case that could have ripple effects for years to come . "  Although Justice Kennedy 's opinion explicitly states that it is confined to same-sex marriages that have been recognized by states , it contains reasoning and language that will certainly be used , in later cases , to argue that legal recognition of same-sex marriage by all states is constitutionally required , " said University of Notre Dame law professor Richard W. Garnett , a past clerk to former Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist . "  Almost certainly , and fairly soon , that argument will be presented squarely to the court . " What about us , ask other gay couples Within the marbled halls of the high court , Kennedy is personally respected by his colleagues , both for the power he wields and for his courtly , low-key manner . But professionally , justices on the losing side of a big case can often be unsparing in their criticism of Kennedy and his legal reasoning . Justice Antonin Scalia on Wednesday called Kennedy 's analysis in the DOMA case "  jaw dropping " and an assertion of "  judicial supremacy " that "  envisions the Supreme Court standing  or rather enthroned  at the apex of government . " And this from a close friend -- Scalia and Kennedy joined the court a year apart , were born the same year , and live on the same street . The Sacramento , California , native joined the high court in 1988 , the third choice of President Reagan after more conservative nominees Robert Bork and Douglas Ginsburg flamed out . And along with O'Connor for almost two decades , the two native Westerners carved out a jumpy place in the center . Less driven by practical concerns than O'Connor was , Kennedy has striven for a loftier sense of the law 's impact on society . "  He has brought to the bench a combination of a very scholarly , erudite , academic bent , " said Brad Berenson , a friend and former law clerk to Kennedy , "  and a very practical bent he had developed while practicing law on his own . " Kennedy himself acknowledged the unique role he played for decades on the court . "  There is a loneliness " to his job , he once told CNN . For now , Kennedy , like his eight colleagues , will retreat from the public spotlight . He has some vacation time ahead , mixed with his annual overseas teaching gig in Austria in two weeks . Then , come the first Monday October , Kennedy is expected back in his familiar seat , just to the left of Chief Justice John Roberts on the bench . But clearly he is the man in the middle , and the man that in many ways shapes the direction of a divided court .	Kennedy wrote majority opinion striking down parts of Defense of Marriage Act Kennedy and former Justice Sandra Day O'Connor were the court 's centrists When O'Connor stepped down seven years ago , she "  handed the keys " to Kennedy With four conservatives to the right and four liberals to the left , Kennedy is squarely in middle
Washington  CNN  -- Many have tried , especially in California , but few have managed to successfully oust a U.S. governor through a recall election . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker faces that possibility Tuesday , due to Democratic outrage over steps last year by Walker and his Republican colleagues in the state legislature to weaken public unions . If Wisconsin voters toss out Walker in favor of Milwaukee 's Democratic mayor , Tom Barrett , it will be only the third such electoral ousting of a governor in American history . North Dakota kicked out Gov. Lynn Frazier in 1921 , and California got rid of Gov. Gray Davis in 2003 , according to the Center on the American Governor at Rutgers University 's Eagleton Institute of Politics . Gubernatorial recall efforts seem to be a state pastime in California . Every governor elected since 1968 , including Ronald Reagan , were targeted by recall attempts , the center 's website says . In total , 19 states permit recall elections for governors and other state officials , including Alaska , Arizona , Colorado , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Kansas , Louisiana , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , Nevada , New Jersey , North Dakota , Oregon , Rhode Island , Washington and , of course , Wisconsin and California , the center says on its website . The District of Columbia also permits recall elections , and Virginia allows recall by trial , according to the center . In Tuesday 's balloting , Wisconsin voters also will decide whether to recall Walker 's lieutenant governor and four Republican state senators . What 's at stake in Wisconsin ? Walker 's fate in Wisconsin comes down to ground game Dollars roll in from far beyond Wisconsin for recall Does Obama 's absence portend outcome of Wisconsin recall vote ?	Only two U.S. governors have been ousted by recall elections Wisconsin voters decide Tuesday whether to recall Republican Gov. Scott Walker Every California governor since 1968 has been targeted by recall attempts
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Boris Kodjoe owns a mansion in Atlanta . But when he goes to answer his door , the black actor knows what it 's like to be an outcast . Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct . "  When I 'm opening the door of my own house , someone will ask me where the man of the house is , implying that I 'm staff , " said Kodjoe , best known for starring in Showtime 's "  Soul Food . " It 's a feeling some African-Americans say is all too common , even to this day in America : No matter your status or prominence in society , you 're still typecast . That 's why the recent arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr. , one of the nation 's most prominent African-American scholars , has stirred outrage and debate . Jelani Cobb , an author and professor at Spelman College in Atlanta , says it 's troubling on many levels when "  one of the most recognizable African-Americans in the country can be arrested in his own home and have to justify being in his own home . " Watch arrest of a Harvard scholar " "  It 's really kind of unfathomable , " Cobb said . "  If it can happen to him , yeah , it can happen to any of us . " That 's a sentiment echoed by Jimi Izrael . "  If a mild-mannered , bespectacled Ivy League professor who walks with a cane can be pulled from his own home and arrested on a minor charge , the rest of us do n't stand a chance , " Izrael wrote Tuesday on The Root , an online magazine with commentary from a variety of black perspectives that 's co-founded by Gates . "  We all fit a description . We are all suspects . " In an interview with The Root , Gates said he was outraged by the incident and hopes to use the experience as a teaching tool , including a possible PBS special on racial profiling . "  I ca n't believe that an individual policeman on the Cambridge police force would treat any African-American male this way , and I am astonished that this happened to me ; and more importantly I 'm astonished that it could happen to any citizen of the United States , no matter what their race , " Gates said . "  And I 'm deeply resolved to do and say the right things so that this can not happen again . " Voices of black America : What it 's like being black in America Gates was arrested last Thursday in broad daylight at his Cambridge , Massachusetts , home for disorderly conduct -- what the arresting officer described as "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space . " The charge was dropped Tuesday on the recommendation of police , and the city of Cambridge issued a statement calling the incident "  regrettable and unfortunate . " Gates had just returned from a trip to China when a police officer responded to a call about a potential break-in at his home that was phoned in by a white woman . According to the police report , Gates was in the foyer when the officer arrived . The officer asked Gates to "  step out onto the porch and speak with me , " the report says . " -LSB- Gates -RSB- replied , ` No , I will not . ' He then demanded to know who I was . I told him that I was ` Sgt. Crowley from the Cambridge Police ' and that I was ` investigating a report of a break in progress ' at the residence . "  While I was making this statement , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , ` Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? ' " Have race relations improved since the election of President Barack Obama ? According to the report , Gates initially refused to show the officer his identification , instead asking for the officer 's ID . But Gates eventually did show the officer his identification that included his home address . "  The police report says I was engaged in loud and tumultuous behavior . That 's a joke , " Gates told The Root . "  It escalated as follows : I kept saying to him , ` What is your name , and what is your badge number ? ' and he refused to respond . I asked him three times , and he refused to respond . And then I said , ` You 're not responding because I 'm a black man , and you 're a white officer . ' " Known as Skip by friends and colleagues , Gates is the director of the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African-American Research at Harvard University , and an acclaimed PBS documentarian . While Gates ' arrest lit up talk radio and blogs , it prompted others to defend the police against charges of racial profiling . "  I 'd be glad if somebody called the police if somebody was breaking into my house , " neighbor Michael Schaffer told CNN affiliate WHDH . For others , the incident symbolized something more . Seeing the police mugshot of Gates brought some African-Americans to near tears . Kim Coleman , a Washington radio host , cultural commentator and blogger , said she grew numb when she saw the mugshot . "  I was not prepared for that , " she said . "  To see one of my heroes in a mugshot was not something that I was expecting . ... It just tells me we 're not in a post-racial society . " She said there 's a reason why you do n't hear about prominent white people arrested in their homes : "  because it does n't happen . " It 's time for America to have a long overdue national conversation about race , Coleman said . "  When are we going to have that , " she said . "  When are we really going to sit down and strip down and say , ` This is what I feel about you and this is what you feel about me . Now , how are we going to get over that ? ' " Rebecca Walker , an award-winning author , said the arrest was devastating to scholars , writers , and artists "  who work so hard to keep a free flow of information . " "  It seems eerily ironic Mr. Gates was returning from China , where surveillance is so high and freedom of speech and ideas so curtailed , " Walker said . "  To see the mugshot of Skip was a blow to all of us who feel some sense of safety based on our work to try to mend all of these broken fences in America -- to make ourselves into people who refuse to be limited by race and class and gender and everything else . " "  To end up , at the end of the day , treated like a criminal , unjustly stripped of our accomplishments and contributions even if only for a moment , is profoundly disturbing . We must ask ourselves what it means , and to allow ourselves to face various scenarios regarding power and freedom and how these will intersect in the coming years . " Last week , President Obama spoke at the 100th anniversary of the NAACP , saying that while minorities have made great strides "  the pain of discrimination is still felt in America . " "  Even as we inherit extraordinary progress that can not be denied ; even as we marvel at the courage and determination of so many plain folks -- we know that too many barriers still remain , " the president said . Kodjoe , the actor , said Obama "  has affected a change in people 's consciousness regarding such issues as racism and prejudice . " But he said the arrest of Gates underscores that there 's more work ahead . "  I think we 're moving in the right direction . But no doubt , there still is a lot of work to be done , " Kodjoe said . "  It 's not just a problem here . It 's a problem worldwide . Racism is universal . " Gates said he has a newfound understanding of exactly what that means . "  There 's been a very important symbolic change and that is the election of Barack Obama , " he told The Root . "  But the only black people who truly live in a post-racial world in America all live in a very nice house on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . "	Boris Kodjoe : Arrest of Harvard prof underscores how blacks are typecast Actor Kodjoe says deliverymen often think he 's hired staff at his house "  If it can happen to him , yeah , it can happen to any of us , " scholar says Cultural commentator says it was shocking "  to see one of my heroes in a mugshot "
CNN  -- Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson has died at age 48 of pancreatic cancer , the government of the Caribbean island said Saturday . Deputy Prime Minister Freundel Stewart was sworn in as Thompson 's successor hours after his death , according to the state-run Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation  CBC  . Elected as prime minister in 2008 on a platform of community development , Thompson was credited for restoring the Democratic Labor Party to a parliamentary majority , according to the Barbadian government website . Thompson had served in government since 1991 , and his main priorities were decentralizing government , strengthening social services and empowering the Barbadian economy , the government said . "  Barbados has lost its loyal son and faithful servant before he had the time to realize his lifetime dreams . ... We enjoyed and endured his public service experiences . He was always indebted to the people and the party for affording him the opportunity to see the mountain top , " Thompson 's wife , Marie-Josephine Mara said in a statement to the CBC . Thompson was born on Christmas Day in 1961 , one of seven siblings . Thompson is survived by his wife and three daughters .	The cause of death is pancreatic cancer Deputy Prime Minister Freundel Stewart has been sworn in as Thompson 's successor Thompson was elected as prime minister in 2006
London  CNN  -- The man in charge of security for the upcoming Olympic Games in London said Monday that preparations have been "  long and thorough , " and expressed confidence that the event will prove to be a success . "  The national threat level at present is assessed to be substantial -- meaning that an attack is a strong possibility -- one notch lower than has been the case for much of the last 10 years , " said Jonathan Evans , director general of the Security Service , known as MI5 , in an address at Mansion House , the official residence of the mayor of London . "  We are far from complacent . A lot of hard work still lies ahead and there is no such thing as guaranteed security . But I think that we shall see a successful and memorable Games this summer in London . " Is this the world 's greatest athlete ? Evans said members of his service had been involved in advising on the design and security of the venues , in the accreditation of those working there and in intelligence collection and analysis . "  The preparations have gone well , " he said . "  No doubt some terrorist networks have thought about whether they could pull off an attack , " he acknowledged . "  But the games are not an easy target and the fact that we have disrupted multiple terrorist plots here and abroad in recent years demonstrates that the UK as a whole is not an easy target for terrorism . " The Royal United Services Institute , a defense and security think tank , has identified 43 potential plots or serious incidents in Britain since the terrorist attacks in the United States on September 11 , 2001 , he said . Saudi Arabia allows women to compete Evans credited an investment in counterterrorism with having succeeded since then in "  identifying , disrupting and suppressing terrorism before it succeeds . You could say that we are near to reaching a form of stalemate -- they have n't stopped trying but we have got better at stopping them . " He added that he was seeing a change in international threats , with incidents involving Pakistan and/or Afghanistan falling from about three-quarters of all such threats to fewer than half . "  We appear to be moving from a period of a deep and focused threat to one where the threat is less monolithic but wider . Al-Qaeda affiliates in Yemen , Somalia and the Sahel  region of Africa  have become more dangerous as al Qaeda in Pakistan has declined and we see increasing levels of cooperation between al Qaeda groups in various parts of the world . " In addition , "  a small number of British would-be jihadis " have been traveling to Arab countries to find training and opportunities for militant activity , he said . "  Some will return to the UK and pose a threat here . This is a new and worrying development and could get worse as events unfold . So we will have to manage the short-term risks if there is to be a longer-term reward from the Arab Spring . " Photo finish in 100-meter trial The Security Service , or MI5 is the British domestic spying agency -- sister of MI6 foreign intelligence service , where fictional spy James Bond worked . Both services emerged from World War II , but neither were acknowledged to officially exist by the British government until 1992 . Evans also gave a blunt warning about the dangers from Iran , saying "  a return to state-sponsored terrorism by Iran or its associates , such as Hezbollah , can not be ruled out as pressure on the Iranian leadership increases . " CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Preparations have been "  long and thorough , " says Jonathan Evans "  The games are not an easy target , " he says Concerns are moving to a less monolithic but wider threat British would-be jihadis are "  a new and worrying development "
CNN  -- Egypt is on the roller-coaster of transition . It 's a bumpy and hair-raising ride to a destination unknown . But the country is moving . And in that , there 's hope . In Tahrir Square last Friday , I was struck by the carnival atmosphere : Vendors sold candied apples and baked yams ; young boys hawked red , white and-black hats and flags ; a crowd gathered to watch cartoonists chalk an oversized military general dressed as Santa Claus . Activists of all political shades shouted poetry and enthusiastic speeches , leading crowds in chanting : "  The people want the end of the military regime ! " "  The people want a civilian regime ! " "  We are all one ! " But by Saturday , Tahrir Square had become a battleground . Crowds shrunk to die-hards throwing stones and Molotov cocktails , while security forces volleyed tear gas and rubber bullets . From the 18th floor of the locked-down Intercontinental hotel  a barrage of tear gas having abruptly aborted my attempt to speak to those at the edges of the square  , I watched as the square cleared out , battles moved to side streets , and then the atmosphere turned quiet . Briefly . Demonstrators regrouped . Political leaders across the spectrum aired televised condemnation of the police and support for the protesters . And people started streaming again through the streets , across a nearby bridge , and back into the square . It was a sight reminiscent of the nail-biting days of January . With such off-and-on violence , and rising numbers of dead and injured , some may wonder if democracy is worth it -- or even possible . Many Egyptians are no longer as beamingly optimistic as they were last spring . Then , they dreamed of blooming democracy and booming economies . Today , they want stability . Tourism has slowed to a trickle , and taxi drivers , hotel workers and souvenir vendors shake their heads at the demonstrators . Capital is fleeing , and foreign reserves drying up . As people speak their minds , many others -- from liberals to conservatives â $ " feel uneasy . Large numbers of bearded men and covered women , demanding a regime based on Sharia law , frighten Christians and Muslims alike . Clashes between Coptic Christians and Muslims create fear that religious strife will rend Egypt 's multireligious society . And women especially worry that their freedoms are at stake . Liberals , far less numerous , can also be intimidating . Many in Egypt believe they do not understand or accept "  real " Egyptian society and threaten to corrupt it . Last month , a female blogger posted nude pictures of herself and others in a sensational appeal to expand freedom of expression . It led many to complain that too much freedom would corrupt Egyptian society . Anger against America and Israel also worry many . A 20-something Egyptian , working for a foreign corporation in Egypt , pulled me aside in Tahrir Square to explain that former President Hosni Mubarak had known where to draw the line . These people , he exclaimed , gesturing to those around him , do n't understand the hadud , or limits . Like others , he said he worries they would trade Egypt 's welfare for the Palestinians ' cause . But even amid conflict and uncertainty , there 's hope . Egyptians who desperately want to escape from nearly 60 years of military-backed authoritarian rule have what it takes to do so . Egyptian nationalism is strong . Airwaves are filled with nationalist songs , and Egyptian flags abound . Friday 's calls to end the military regime mingled with expressions of nationalism . Huge crowds chanted in unison : "  Christians and Muslims , we 're all Egyptians , we are all one , " and , most directly , "  Ana Masri ! "  "  I am Egyptian ! " There is also strong respect for elections . At Tahrir Square , parties and candidates took advantage of the gathering to distribute pamphlets and urge demonstrators to vote for pro-revolutionary forces . And even with the descent into violence , forces across the political spectrum have urged elections to begin as scheduled . Debates are intense . Egyptians in the square hotly contested the nature of the Egyptian military and goals for the future . The Salafi Hizb al-Nur  "  Party of Light "  called for a regime based on Sharia law ; the Popular Front appealed to secular nationalism ; and the Muslim Brotherhood demanded a civilian , democratic regime with respect and freedoms for all . As one in Friday 's crowd argued , many Egyptians may need to develop respect for diverging opinions . Yet this is true in many nascent democracies . Political forces also are well-organized . The Muslim Brothers not only can bring people onto the streets , but also send them home when the time is right . They were critical in rallying crowds last week , where they maintained a space for women to avoid being crushed and jostled by men and a pathway for demonstrators to navigate the crowd . And they were instrumental in returning crowds to Tahrir late Saturday night . Other forces , too , are gaining strength . In fact , Tuesday 's crowds -- despite the Brothers ' refusal to participate in the demonstrations -- show that others , too , can mobilize forces . With a strong sense of nationalism , hotly contested debates , a belief in electoral democracy and organized political forces , Egypt has what it takes to form democracy . It just wo n't be easy or fast . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ellen Lust .	Ellen Lust : Egypt in bumpy transition ; daily Tahrir Square goes from festive to combative She says some there worry democracy might not be worth it ; social conflicts so challenging She says optimism has faded for many in face of worries over economy and Islamist control Lust : Still , Egypt has essentials for democracy : strong nationalism , faith in elections
CNN  -- A man shot his estranged wife to death , along with their son and grandson , before turning the gun on himself as police closed in , authorities in Livingston Parish , Louisiana , said Sunday . Police say Dennis Carter Sr. shot four family members , three fatally , before turning the gun on himself . Dennis Carter Sr. , 50 , also shot and critically injured his pregnant daughter-in-law , the parish sheriff 's office said in a statement . The shootings occurred Saturday night in the town of Holden , Louisiana . Authorities were dispatched to a report of shots fired at a home about 10:40 p.m. Upon arrival , they found three people dead and the fourth -- Amber Carter , 25 -- in critical condition , the statement said . Those killed were Dennis Carter Jr. , 26 , Amber Carter 's husband ; their son Mason Carter , 2 ; and 49-year-old Donna Carter , mother of Dennis Carter Jr. and estranged wife of Dennis Carter Sr. , police said . All had been shot to death . A 16-month-old child at the home was unharmed , authorities said . Deputies believe Amber Carter attempted to escape from the gunman by jumping from a second-story window , holding Mason in her arms , the statement said , but the boy did not survive his gunshot wounds . Amber Carter had several bullet wounds , said Perry Rushing , chief of operations for the sheriff 's office , and authorities believe the gunman shot her in the back as she was attempting to get out the window while holding the child . She also may have been shot again after she got outside the home , Rushing told CNN . Amber Carter was flown to a Baton Rouge , Louisiana , hospital , and later transferred to New Orleans , Rushing said . She was in critical condition as of Sunday morning . A neighbor in the area told deputies that he heard a gunshot and saw Carter Sr. walking to a car , a red El Camino , with a gun in his hand , the sheriff 's statement said . At 11:30 p.m. , a police officer in the adjacent town of Livingston saw the vehicle entering Interstate 12 heading eastbound , the statement said . A Livingston Parish sheriff 's deputy followed the car and attempted to stop it . "  However , the suspect shot himself with a handgun , in plain view of the officers , as the vehicle veered off the shoulder of the interstate near the Holden exit , " police said . Records from the Livingston Parish Detention Center show that Dennis Carter Sr. , of Hammond , Louisiana , had been jailed "  on three separate occasions in 2009 alone , on three separate charges of violation of a protective order and one charge of aggravated assault  domestic  , " the sheriff 's office said . "  At this time , there do not appear to be any other suspects or victims in this ongoing investigation , " police said . Holden is about 35 miles east of Baton Rouge .	Dennis Carter Sr. killed his estranged wife , their son and grandson , police say Police say he also shot his pregnant daughter-in-law , who is in critical condition Carter drove away , then shot himself to death as police pursued , authorities say Sheriff 's office says Carter had record of domestic violence
CNN  -- The U.N. General Assembly voted to adopt the world body 's first treaty to regulate the global arms trade Tuesday , a move Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called "  a victory for the world 's people . " The Arms Trade Treaty will regulate the transfers of tanks , heavy artillery , combat aircraft , missiles , warships and small arms . Ban said the pact will make it harder for weapons to reach black markets and fall into the hands of "  warlords , pirates , terrorists , criminals and their like . " "  It will be a powerful new tool in our efforts to prevent grave human rights abuses or violations of international humanitarian law , " he said in a statement on the 154-3 vote . "  And it will provide much-needed momentum for other global disarmament and non-proliferation efforts . " Iran , Syria and North Korea were the only votes against the treaty , which will take effect when 50 member states ratify it . "  The international community can claim full ownership of this treaty , which will make trade in conventional arms more responsible and transparent , thus reducing human suffering and tangibly contributing to international peace , security and stability , " Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , said in a written statement . And U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the pact "  can strengthen global security while protecting the sovereign right of states to conduct legitimate arms trade . " The National Rifle Association , the American gun lobby , has vowed to oppose the treaty 's ratification in the U.S. Senate . The NRA says the treaty is "  designed to severely restrict or even outright ban the right to sell , purchase , carry or own a firearm in America . " Senators voted 53-46 to attach an anti-treaty amendment authored by Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , to the chamber 's budget resolution for 2014 . But Kerry said the treaty "  applies only to international trade , and reaffirms the sovereign right of any state to regulate arms within its territory . " "  As the United States has required from the outset of these negotiations , nothing in this treaty could ever infringe on the rights of American citizens under our domestic law or the Constitution , including the Second Amendment , " he said .	The Arms Trade Treaty will regulate transfers of heavy weapons and small arms Iran , Syria and North Korea voted against the treaty at the United Nations The United States and European Union praise the treaty ; the NRA opposes it
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Defense Minister Ehud Barak testified Tuesday that he bears full responsibility for the actions of Israeli soldiers in the mid-sea interception of a humanitarian aid flotilla that left nine people dead in May . He defended the action and said Israel went to great diplomatic lengths to stop the flotilla heading to the Palestinian territory of Gaza , and when that did n't work , it considered the implications of the use of force and weighed the possibility of simply letting the flotilla through . In the end , Israel made the right decision , Barak said in his two-hour testimony before an Israeli commission looking into the incident . Israeli navy commandos intercepted the flotilla at sea and stormed the largest vessel , the Turkish-flagged Mavi Marmara . "  We regret any loss of life , but without the courage and skill of the commandos we would have lost more lives , " Barak said . The Israeli navy commando fought with activists on the ship , leaving one Turkish-American and eight Turkish activists dead and sparking an international outcry . The incident left a wide-ranging military and diplomatic alliance between the Jewish state and Turkey , its powerful regional ally , badly shaken . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed hope that a separate U.N. inquiry , launched Tuesday , would help mend the strained relations . Ban met with members of the U.N. panel , which is chaired by New Zealand Prime Minister Geoffrey Palmer and includes representatives from Israel and Turkey . But Israel has already said that it will not participate in the U.N. inquiry if the panel asks to question soldiers . "  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu clarifies that Israel will not cooperate and will not participate in any panel that will demand to interrogate IDF soldiers , " said government spokesman Nir Hefetz . Netanyahu said Israel operated within international law when it stopped the flotilla and raided the Mavi Marmara on May 31 . "  I 'm convinced that at the end of your investigation , it will be clear that the state of Israel ... operated in accordance with international law and that ... soldiers on the Marmara showed great courage in fulfilling their mission and acting in self-defense against real-life dangers , " Netanyahu said Monday , the opening day of the Israeli probe . Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists only after they were attacked by those on board . Soldiers were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects , Israeli officials have said . But passengers on board the boat insist they were fired upon without provocation . The ships were carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , organizers said . The Palestinian territory has been blockaded by Israel since its takeover by the Islamic movement Hamas in 2007 . "  For the past two months , I have engaged in intensive consultation with the leaders of Israel and Turkey on the setting-up of a panel of inquiry on the flotilla incident , " Ban said in a statement . "  This is an unprecedented development . I thank the leaders of the two countries with whom I have engaged in last-minute consultations over the weekend , for their spirit of compromise and forward-looking cooperation . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Ehud Barak : Many options were discussed , including letting the flotilla through Israel will not participate if the panel wants to question soldiers The United Nations launches an investigation into the Gaza flotilla incident Nine people aboard the Turkish-flagged Mavi Marmara died in the raid
In a country where bleaching creams are frequently used to chemically lighten skin tone , one savvy entrepreneur is fighting against the disfiguring practice . After 19 years of driving taxis , Alhaji Mustapha Oti Boateng was looking for a change . His journey for a new profession led him to Britain , Japan and ultimately back home to Ghana , where he stumbled into his calling after producing a line of herbal cosmetics . In Ghana , the practice of using creams and other cosmetic products to chemically lighten skin tone is fairly common , as it is in many African countries -- but the practice is known to have detrimental health effects , according to the World Health Organization . Using his deep-rooted knowlege of herbs , Boateng had an idea to help his fellow Ghanaians . Now a household name in the West African region , his Chocho cosmetics has become a popular staple in beauty bags throughout the area . Boateng , who won the Overall Entrepreneur of the Year award bestowed by the Entrepreneurs Foundation of Ghana earlier this year , sat down with CNN to explain how he went from a humble taxi driver to a cosmetics king . CNN : What was your breakout product ? Alhaji Mustapha Oti Boateng : I started with Chocho cream -- the natural skin restorer and beauty soap . It is a local soap produced by our forefathers ... It 's not all types of a disease that a cream can cure , but most of the skin ailments the cream can cure . That is why it 's written as a "  natural skin restorer " -- it does n't bleach but rather enhances your color . CNN : Where has this knowledge of organic cosmetics come from ? AB : My father was a herbalist and my grandfather was a herbalist I tried to recall all those things that when I was young they sent me to the bush to collect . The herbs that we have here have a real potency of curing ... and when I started using them too I have realized that I did n't choose the wrong way of curing people . CNN : You had been working as a taxi driver since you dropped out of school . Why the sudden need to mix things up ? AB : When I found that my children were growing up , I told -LSB- one of my taxi clients -RSB- that I had to find something to do so that I would be able to look after my children very well . And he himself told me they needed to send someone to Britain , to go and learn how to operate printing a press . He sent me there , I learned and came back and they opened a printing press for me in Accra . CNN : Then after the printing press , came a stint in Japan ... AB : They gave me the opportunity to go and I traveled to Japan where I started odd jobs ... I came back with about five buses and started a transport business , but unfortunately for me it was all accidents , one after the other . CNN : After all these accidents , you did n't give up though . You transformed one of the buses into a mobile grocery delivery service , right ? AB : What I was doing was going to the villages , buying food stuffs , buying everything needed in the kitchen and coming to the residential areas and announcing the things that I had to sell . It was a very lucrative job . I did it for some time and I saw that the work was so tedious because sometimes I had to go to the bush myself , carry the load , uproot the coco yam , cassava , and that stuff by myself and age was catching up with me . So I decided that this work , I ca n't do it for long because if age caught up with me I ca n't go to the bush to carry those food stuffs , so I decided to try another thing . CNN : So where did the name "  Chocho " come from ? AB : This name "  Chocho " is in the memory of a dear friend , who has passed on . That name "  Chocho " was a nickname between us . CNN : And how did you know organic skin care products would take off the way they did ? AB : I went to the market and bought creams that are manufactured and produced by foreign countries , powders and perfumes , and went around announcing those things for sale and it was really doing very well . CNN : So you decided to start producing locally and it 's been quite the success . Has it been an easy ride ? AB : The economy is always fluctuating . You know we have n't got a permanent exchange rate for our currency . I 'm an herbalist , I produce other products but some things , fragrance and petroleum jelly and that sort of stuff . We import them so at the time of importation you calculate based on the exchange rate , before the goods would arrive in the country , -LSB- sometimes -RSB- the exchange rate would shoot upwards . CNN : You seem to face these obstacles head on and industry leaders have noticed . How did it feel to be honored as the "  Overall Entrepreneur of the Year " in April ? AB : -LSB- As -RSB- somebody who started from nowhere , if I am in this area and being recognized that I am the entrepreneur of the year , obviously , I cherish this the most ... it means they are appreciating what I am doing , so I was very happy . CNN : And after receiving these honors , you 're also trying the "  pay it forward " mentality by helping build schools and provide computers in classrooms ? AB : I 'm not educated but I 'm always happy when I see children in school . You know here in Africa , it 's not all people who get -LSB- the -RSB- opportunity to go to school . Education is a lost treasure for every human being . That is why I 'm always passionate even if I did not get the change to educate myself very well . Now that Allah has given me that power , everywhere that I see that need -LSB- for -RSB- education , if it is in my power , I help them . CNN : Last question , what advice do you have for any budding businessmen ? AB : Nobody should think that because they did n't go to a classroom to sit on a chair I 'm not educated . We can always educate ourselves wherever we go . That is a courageous way of life . Whatever dreams that we have , we should think that it 's human beings who can do anything in this world . OPINION : Diaspora should have a voice , too	Alhaji Mustapha Oti Boateng is a Ghanaian entrepreneur His line of organic cosmetics has become a household name But before falling into skin care , Boateng held a variety of odd jobs including taxi driver , salesman He reveals how he went from humble taxi driver to organic cosmetics king
CNN  -- Scotland 's Susan Boyle gives new meaning to the term "  overnight sensation . " The "  Britain 's Got Talent " contestant was expected to be something of a joke when she first sauntered on stage , but she absolutely wowed the audience , the judges -- and then the world via the Internet -- with her stunning rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream . " Along with Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan , Amanda Holden is a judge on "  Britain 's Got Talent . " But like others who stumble upon sudden fame , she found the pressure and scrutiny to be overwhelming . "  Talent " judge Amanda Holden and Dr. Drew Pinsky of VH1 's "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew " joined CNN 's Larry King Tuesday night to discuss Boyle 's hospitalization for stress and the toll the spotlight and media criticism might have taken on her mental health . They also discussed whether Boyle will develop the emotional stamina for a high-pressure singing career . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : What do we know right now ? Amanda Holden : Basically , we 've spoken to Susan 's brother . He , in fact , spoke on -LSB- CBS ' "  The Early Show " -RSB- this morning to say that his sister was very keen to come home as soon as she possibly could and that she was resting up in a clinic in London and that she was very much looking forward to coming out and seeing what was available to her when she felt better . King : Is the show , Amanda , paying for the hospital bills and are they taking care of her ? Holden : I have no idea if they 're paying the hospital bills . I would imagine that they are . We 're a very loyal show . We love Susan very much . In fact , all the contestants that appear on our show are extraordinarily well looked after . King : Your fellow judge , Piers Morgan , has said that there was talk of taking her off the show because of all the pressures on her . Were you involved ? Were there any discussions like that ? Holden : I was n't involved in any discussions like that . And I think Piers has a slightly closer relationship with her . ... The only thing I 'm worried about with Susan Boyle is that she seems to have a crush on Piers Morgan . ... I think that Piers kind of reassured her during the final that she was doing well and that she must n't pay any kind of attention to the press and all the other stuff that was going King : Despite all the tumult , there 's no disputing that Susan sang her heart out during the finale of the competition . I know the dance troupe -LSB- Diversity -RSB- was terrific . But , frankly , why did n't she win ? Holden : Honestly , I ca n't criticize the decision because it was the British public that voted in the end . I have no real idea , to be honest . I wonder whether it could be that Diversity was utterly fantastic on the show that night . They decimated the show . They really , really were amazing . And I just wonder whether maybe younger people voted and were quicker on the texts than the kind of people that were voting for Susan . But as I keep saying , if Susan is a loser , then surely she is the biggest and best loser that we have in the world . And coming second is no bad thing . Watch Amanda Holden discuss Susan Boyle " King : She came in , though , -LSB- as -RSB- a small-town amateur singer , -LSB- with -RSB- learning disabilities due to suffering oxygen deprivation at birth . Some say the program exploited her and her vulnerabilities . Do you agree ? Holden : I could n't disagree more . You know , she 's a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show . She enjoyed every second of every moment that I met her or saw her behind the scenes . She was very excited . She was very proud to be taking part in the show . I think the downturn in press in our country -LSB- Britain -RSB- , I think , maybe stressed her out a little bit . And I think she was just quite upset about all the exaggerated stories and the kind of falsehoods that were being written about her . I think that everybody gets upset about bad press when you 're in this business . And she 's somebody that 's gone from anonymity to -LSB- an -RSB- absolute worldwide phenomenon . King : Yes . Holden : So how is she expected to handle that ? Nobody can handle that with the best will in the world . I 've been in the business 15 years , and I 'm still not media savvy . -LSB- Dr. Drew Pinsky joins the show -RSB- King : What do you make of this Susan Boyle thing ? Pinsky : The problem here is that here 's a woman that 's suddenly under the scrutiny of the spotlight who maybe has some developmental issues , who is under tremendous stress and -LSB- now -RSB- is in a psychiatric hospital . The question is , did the show harm her ? King : Did it ? Pinsky : It 's hard to say . This is the first time these kind of experiences have really been undertaken by people . People that come out of nowhere all of a sudden are international superstars . King : Should we be , Amanda , concerned about that ? Holden : First of all , I just want to say that Susan 's brother said on British television this morning that , yes , Susan has experienced learning difficulties . But in actual fact , when she was at school , she did as well as any of her other siblings . But throughout her childhood , always before an exam or anything else , she always got quite anxious . -LSB- Before the show -RSB- , she was feeling nervous . But she went out there and she nailed it . You know , she did the best performance that we 've seen . And let 's not forget , this is actually only the second or third time we 've heard her sing . ... She is in a place where celebrities go when they are burnt out . Now , I am obviously not a doctor . I have no factual information to give to you . I can only say to you her brother ... has said she wants to come home within a matter of days , rather than weeks . Pinsky : That 's excellent . King : Would you guess , Dr. Drew , that she still has a career in front of her ? Would n't you bet she does ? Pinsky : Oh , I bet she does , absolutely . And she will learn to become accustomed to this kind of stress , I am sure . But let 's make sure she has the care she needs . And let 's be sure that ... everybody that goes on shows like this has access to things that help them deal with the stress of these kinds of environments .	Amanda Holden : Boyle is "  a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show " Holden believes negative press coverage stressed out the overnight sensation Though Boyle was exceedingly nervous before finale , Holden says she "  nailed it " Dr. Drew Pinsky : Contestants on high-pressure shows should get help with stress
The disaster that wrecked a luxury cruise liner and killed at least six passengers has left officials and experts on maritime navigation searching for answers -- fast . But two days after the massive ship hit rocks and rolled spectacularly on its side , answers were in short supply . Why was the ship -- with 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members -- so close in to shore in an area where local sailors say the sea bed is pockmarked with rocks ? What happened in the minutes after the ship ran aground ? Why was no "  mayday " distress signal sent ? Costa Cruises issued a statement saying "  preliminary indications are that there may have been significant human error on the part of the ship 's Master , Captain Francesco Schettino . " "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " the statement added Italian prosecutors announced plans to seize the ship 's data recorders , which some refer to as "  black boxes . " Authorities hope to complete an analysis revealing what happened within a few days . The ship hit rocks off the coast of Tuscany on Friday , leaving 20 people injured in addition to those killed , authorities said . According to the Italian Coast Guard , the Costa Concordia was simply too close inland . But what authorities , and the cruise line , ca n't answer is why . Capt. Cosimo Nicastro , spokesman for the Italian Coast Guard , said authorities "  know what the cause " was : "  The water went on board . " "  Why he  the captain  went so close is why we are investigating , " Nicastro said . Schettino , who is under arrest , denies the assertion that he had steered the ship too far inland . "  We were about 300 meters  1,000 feet  from the shore , more or less , " Schettino said after the accident . There was a "  lateral rock projection , " he said . "  Even though we were sailing along the coast with the tourist navigation system , I firmly believe that the rocks were not detected , as the ship was not heading forward but sideways , as if underwater there was this rock projection , " he said . But Nicastro insists "  every danger in this area is on the nautical chart . This is a place where a lot of people come for diving and sailing . ... all the dangers are known . " Schettino is facing charges of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship , while passengers were still on board , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . But , according to ANSA , Schettino says he and his crew were "  the last to abandon ship . " Costa Cruises is owned by Carnival Corporation . Carnival issued a statement Saturday saying it was "  deeply saddened " by the "  terrible tragedy . " "  We are working to fully understand the cause of what occurred , " the statement said . Carnival officials did not immediately return a call Sunday from CNN requesting further comment regarding the wreck or the safety of its other cruise lines , such as Carnival Cruise Lines , Holland America and Princess Cruises . Local authorities and residents told CNN they believe that after sustaining damage from what it struck , the ship sailed at least half a mile north , and the captain turned it around toward land , where it toppled . Experts on cruise-ship safety say there is no way to know immediately what went wrong . "  Human error or navigational error is a real possibility , " said Peter Wild , a cruise industry consultant and former navigating officer . "  Those are the two most likely causes " in general , he said , noting that a combination of the two could be to blame . But there are examples of cruise ships hitting uncharted rocks , he said . Chris McKesson , professor of naval architecture at the University of New Orleans , told CNN that Giglio , where the Costa Concordia wreck took place , "  is probably pretty well-charted . The Mediterranean has been traveled for some thousand years . " "  Looking at the pictures of the damage , it almost looks as if they saw it at the last minute , and they tried to swing the ship to the right to miss ... But just like when you 're driving an RV or something , when you swing the nose to the right , the tail swings little to the left . If you look at the photos of the ship , you can see that the rock embedded in the side of the ship 's left port side ... as if exactly that happened . She swung her tail over and kissed that rock . " Cruise ships that travel on international voyages , include the Costa Concordia , are subject to the regulations of the International Maritime Organization , a U.N. agency . "  Passenger ships in operation today are subject to a vast array of regulations and standards covering every aspect of ship construction and operation , " the IMO website says . "  A number of incidents over the years have led to improvements in safety requirements , " the site adds . Costa Cruises , in its statement Sunday , said it "  complies very strictly with all safety regulations and our personnel are committed , first and foremost , to guest safety and security . . " All crew members are trained in basic safety and emergency management , and their skills are tested periodically by Coast Guard authorities , the statement said . Survivors of the wreck , however , described crew members who appeared overwhelmed . "  There was n't anybody to help you , " said passenger Vivian Safer . "  I mean , the passengers were loading the lifeboats by themselves . " The industry association representing cruise lines emphasized Sunday that disasters are rare . "  Any given day in excess of 300,000 people are on board our ships , being safely carried to various locations throughout the world , " said Michael Crye , executive vice president of the Cruise Line International Association . In general , if something goes wrong and a ship starts to take on water , "  You either take the ship back to a safe port , if it 's possible to do that , " Crye said , or "  if the ship is in imminent danger there are procedures and protocols for abandoning ship . " The captain has to make a series of decisions , Crye said . He could leave the ship , if he delegates certain responsibilities , but the captain is in charge of the safety of the vessel and remains in charge until everyone on board is safe , Crye said . As for a mayday signal , Crye said the captain is required to report to authorities any "  marine casualty , " a term that includes damage to the ship that can compromise its safety and ability to safely return to port . The captain "  is a professional . He must at that point weigh the risks of taking one course of action vs. another , " Crye said . Taking place 100 years after the sinking of the Titanic , this disaster is "  remarkably similar , " McKesson said . "  Titanic similarly grazed an object on her side . In her case , it was an iceberg , and in her case as the water came in , she tore multiple compartments open . . "  The result of that accident in the engineering side was that we rewrote the ways that we design ships , and those bulkheads that separate the compartments run all the way up to the main deck of the ship . So , you ca n't get that cascading effect . And we design ships to withstand a certain number of those compartments being breached simultaneously . " Crye agreed that the damage to the Costa Concordia "  appears similar to the damage of the Titanic . " But "  this was a grounding , not an iceberg , " and "  in a well-traveled area close to shore -- not in the middle of the ocean . " It 's too soon to know whether any new regulations are needed to avoid a disaster like this , said Crye . But , he said , "  If corrected measures are necessary , I can assure you that we , alongside the Italian authorities , will be suggesting those changes be made . "	Costa Cruises says preliminary indications suggest possible "  significant human error " The Italian Coast Guard says the ship was too far inland The captain says undetected rocks are to blame The cruise industry association highlights an overall strong safety record
CNN  In Portugal and in particular for supporters of Benfica football club , the name of Eusebio da Silva Ferreira is synonymous with greatness . Even though my generation never actually saw him play , we were able to access plenty of archive footage in which he showcased his skill on the pitch . But the real insight came from generations before me , like my parents or grandparents . Through them , I was able to learn about the man and athlete known to the world as "  A Pantera Negra "  The Black Panther  . Those stories still resonate till this day almost like fairy tales . The young kid who ended up traveling almost 5,000 miles to pursue his passion for soccer and ended up with a lot more than he bargained for . The teen striker moved to Portugal at the age of 18 , after a former Brazilian footballer working at the time as a scout , told Benfica 's manager Béla Guttmann about his promising talents . Since joining the team in 1960 up until 1975 , Eusebio won 11 league titles , one European Cup , five Portuguese cups , among several other team and individual records . People would say he was the best player to ever grace Portugal with his talent . That the way he exploded on the pitch with his fast pace combined with the power of his right foot was a joy to watch . Adding his phenomenal stats with 733 goals , including 41 for country , it then became obvious we were talking about one of the greats . It did n't take me long to understand what people meant every time they spoke about him . A few YouTube clips could easily testify to this and go as far as to reveal that such attributes would still make him a star , even in today 's game . His success on the pitch , however , took on massive proportions , as it was not a mere sporting achievement . It was proof that Portugal was able to produce great talent and conquer new and different horizons . It gave people hope , happiness and some comfort , which was all much needed at the time . During the period when Eusebio burst onto the scene , Portugal was going through a rough stage under the decades-long dictatorship of Antonio Salazar . Only what was known as the "  three F 's : " Fado , Football and Fatima  the Virgin Mary  would cheer the masses . So the level of success that Portugal enjoyed under the leadership of Eusebio was crucial as a distraction that kept the population together . It is therefore no surprise that many people from all over the country admired Eusebio , regardless of the club they supported . As years went by and my passion for the game of soccer grew stronger , the "  King 's "  his other nickname  life and career became even more appealing to me . I ca n't deny that a big part of it has to do with my allegiance to Benfica , the club for which the Mozambique-born Portuguese footballer played 15 out of his 22 years as a professional athlete . It was obvious that this love affair would continue after his career ended . After retiring , he was offered a role as an ambassador , which he played until his last breath . Equally , he also acted worldwide as a spokesperson for the game . The part seemed fitting for a man of his skills . More than just making use of his legendary status , as a man he was known for being a humble , kind and tremendously charismatic , making him very popular across the country as well as beyond our own borders . It is then no surprise that , on January 5th , the world reacted with shock to the news of his passing at the age of 71 . Soon after , I was called by CNN to travel to Lisbon in order to cover the story . I remember having mixed feelings at the time . On one hand I was saddened by the news , but on the other hand I felt incredibly privileged to have the opportunity to cover the story by attending his funeral from a journalistic standpoint . This had a very special meaning , as it allowed me to also pay my respects as a long-time admirer . I was able to witness how his death brought the country closer together . It was beautiful to see the amount of people that followed the coffin or showed up at the church . The crowds assembling close to his statue at the Stadium of Light , statue which by the way was covered from head to toe with flowers and scarves from various Portuguese clubs , as a sign of admiration . You could say that on that day , even the biggest soccer fanatic was colour-blind . There was no Benfica , Sporting or Porto -- there was only a unified country ! At a time when Portugal is facing a long , hard financial depression -- which has not only affected our country 's economy , but also our spirits -- it was remarkable to see that , even if just for a few days , fans -- including longtime rivals -- were paying homage to a man they 've learned to respect and admire for his talent and flair , but also for his personality . His name is still very much present in the culture of not only the club , but the country . Being such a timeless character , I can only wait for the time where I tell my kids the same stories I was told growing up . It is an ongoing way of celebrating his life . Read more : People we lost : Benjamin Bradlee and Lorin Maazel , by Christiane Amanpour Read more : People we lost : Phil Everly , by Jonathan Hawkins Read more : People we lost : Joe Cocker , by Neil Curry Read more : People we lost : Christophe de Margerie , by John Defterios Read more : Loved ones we lost in 2014	CNN associate producer remembers the passing of his countryman Portuguese footballer hailed as one of the all-time greats died in January aged 71 Striker scored 733 goals during career and won 11 Portuguese league titles Eusebio 's name still very much present in the culture of not only his club , but the country
CNN  -- Every day , you have a close personal encounter with methane , a key ingredient of something we do n't usually mention in polite company : farts . Perhaps that 's why methane is also called "  natural gas . " Unfortunately , neither propriety nor intestinal discipline can suppress its unpleasantness lately , because now not just us , but the Earth itself is farting . Recently , three new craters , one of which measured approximately 100 feet wide and over 200 feet deep , were discovered in the Siberian permafrost . The explanation for them is even more alarming than asteroid strikes : Apparently , after two consecutive summers averaging 5 degrees Celsius hotter than normal , frozen methane is not merely thawing , it 's exploding . Scientists fear that , like chronic bad digestion , this phenomenon could be ongoing . Methane in the air surrounding these craters already measures 53,000 times the normal concentration . Then , just a week into a research trip , a team from Stockholm University found "  vast methane plumes " shooting from the sea floor off the Siberian coast . Columns of gas bubbles , they reported , were surfacing around their icebreaker in waters saturated with 10 to 50 times more methane than usual . This was the marine equivalent of melting permafrost , the undoing of frozen crystals called methane hydrates , locked solid for millennia by the pressure and temperature of deep oceans . The U.S. Office of Naval Research calculates that methane hydrates hold trillions of tons of hydrocarbons , from two to 10 times the amount as all conventional deposits of fossil fuels , but they 're probably too costly or unsafe to harvest . Now , as ocean temperatures rise , they 've begun collapsing , spewing as much gas skyward as the thawing tundra . Airborne methane produces 86 times the heat-trapping greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide . Although CO2 remains in the atmosphere far longer , after 100 years methane is still 30 times more potent . With sea level increases from 3 to 6 feet already predicted by the century 's end , such stunning global flatulence is n't merely embarrassing , but devastating for civilization . So what do we do ? First , we recognize that the reason this is happening involves a misleading term : positive feedback loop . It 's misleading because for us there 's nothing positive about it . It means that as temperatures rise , warming land and seas fart  belch , if you prefer  more methane -- which then warms things further , so dangerous eruptions accelerate . Feeding back on itself , warming begets more warming . Second , we admit that this loop began with us . By now , the link between fuel that jet-propels our industrialized civilization and excess CO2 and methane in the atmosphere is challenged only by those who profit obscenely from it . Third , we stop compounding the problem by ceasing to pretend that energy derived by shattering our bedrock to squeeze even more natural gas from it is somehow "  clean . " Not only does burning methane crank planetary heat higher , but fracking wells also inevitably leak . At least 2 % of their methane output , the EPA conservatively estimates , seeps into the atmosphere , thickening the gas layer that 's already turning Earth into a hothouse . Nor will the other 98 % go to heat our homes . Enormous pipelines are now proposed to transport fracked methane through New England 's conservation lands and orchards , through northern Minnesota 's prime tourism and wild rice lake districts , and across the Ogallala Aquifer-fed farms of our nation 's heartland . Each will terminate at a port , where its gas will be exported , not used domestically . What will remain is scarred land and the methane that escapes or explodes  most recently on June 26 , in East Bernard , Texas , into 150-foot flames  . Such pipelines will be subsidized by rate-payers , not by vastly wealthy corporations that own them -- unless we refuse to let them be built , and instead commit our energy funding henceforth to truly cleaner options , like wind and solar . The last time there was this much atmospheric CO2 was 3 million years ago , when seas were 80 to 100 feet higher . Since the Industrial Revolution , atmospheric methane has more than doubled , and the amount now gushing from the seas alone is 34 times what we thought just seven years ago . Until we stop putting more carbon dioxide and methane overhead , prepare for more rude farts to foul your air , and our future . With coastal cities , fertile deltas and much of the world 's rice crops threatened by floods or salination from encroaching seas -- and with grain harvests predicted to fall 10 % for each added 1 degree C of average temperature -- passing greenhouse gases is n't merely vulgar -- it 's deadly .	Recently , three mysterious craters were discovered in the Siberian permafrost Alan Weisman : Hot summers caused Earth to spew methane , resulting in explosions He says airborne methane is more potent in producing greenhouse effect Weisman : Such stunning global flatulence is deadly if we do n't embrace green energy
CNN  -- The grandson of one of the Vail ski mecca 's co-founders died Tuesday in an avalanche that also trapped -- temporarily -- three others , county authorities said . Anthony "  Tony " Seibert , 24 , died in backcounty outside the ski boundaries of Vail Mountain -- the Colorado resort area that his grandfather , Peter Seibert Sr. , co-founded -- according to officials in Eagle County . "  He was always an uplifting person and cheerful , " said Scott Klumb , Seibert 's friend of about 7 years who posted a tribute video online hours after his death . " ... He was always goofing around or getting other people excited and just making them happy . " The three others also trapped in the snow were rescued without major injuries . In fact , none of them had to be transported to a hospital , instead leaving the area on their own , Vail Valley Medical Center spokeswoman Lindsay Hogan said . The incident occurred in the East Vail Chutes roughly 90 miles west of Denver , with authorities first being alerted around 11:30 a.m. , according to the Eagle County Sheriff 's Office . According to the Vail resort 's master development plan , "  The East Vail Chutes is an extremely steep , avalanche-prone bowl that drains down to Interstate 70 or to East Vail . " The avalanche occurred near the tree line "  in backcountry wilderness where they do not have avalanche control , " explained Ethan Greene of the state-run Colorado Avalanche Information Center . "  This  avalanche  was most likely triggered by the people who got caught in it , " Greene said . Two of those caught in the avalanche were on skis , the other two were on snowboards , according to Jessie Mosher of the Eagle County Sheriff 's Office . She did not know what Seibert was doing . On a scale of 1  least dangerous  to 5 , the prospective avalanche rating around Vail was a 3 , the rate around which most incidents like this happen , explained Greene , especially if people get fooled by otherwise nice conditions . "  Today was apparently a beautiful day up in Vail , " Greene added , "  and therefore would be an appealing day to be out in the backcountry . " Seibert is the second person to die in an avalanche this season in Colorado . The other incident happened on December 31 on Parkview Mountain , west of Willow Creek Pass . The Colorado Avalanche Information Center noted there have been at least five such fatalities nationwide , including a snowmobiler killed on New Year 's Day in Big Sky , Montana . Tony Seibert 's grandfather was a legend in skiing , business and state circles , as evidenced by his inductions into the U.S. Ski and Snowboard and Colorado Business halls of fame , among many other honors . A soldier injured multiple times during World War II while with the U.S. Army 's 10th Mountain Division , the Sharon , Massachusetts , native moved to Colorado after the war , working at Aspen and making the 1950 U.S. ski team . After studies in resort management in France and Switzerland , he and fellow ski buff Earl Eaton scaled the top of the then-unnamed mountain that would become Vail in 1957 and opened it up as a ski area five years later . Peter Seibert Sr. served as the first president of Vail Associates and maintained a leading role for several decades , during which time Vail became one of America 's biggest and most renowned ski resorts . He died in July 2002 at the age of 77 . The Seiberts are an institution in Vail . Seibert was proud of this fact and his grandfather 's legacy , recently appearing in the documentary "  Climb to Glory " about the 10th Mountain Division 's famed ski troopers . "  This is a shocking and terrible tragedy , " Vail COO Chris Jarnot said , lamenting the end to Seibert 's "  wonderful albeit tragically too short life . " "  This is an incomprehensible loss , and we will support the Seibert family and our community through this difficult time . " Seibert himself was heading into his final semester at the University of Colorado at Boulder at the time of his death , according to Klumb . He had his deep love for the Centennial State literally imprinted on him , in the form of a lone tattoo of the Colorado state flag cast in front of the Rocky Mountains . A superb freestyle skier , Seibert eventually gravitated toward the backcountry -- whether it was skiing , snowshoeing or hiking -- his friend said . So what might Seibert want people to learn from his own tragic death ? Klumb surmised that it 's that the backcountry should both be loved and be respected . "  What Tony would want ... is for others to be careful in the backcountry , " he said . "  As exciting as it may look , you have to take the proper precautions . " Massive freeze breaks records , strands Americans Avalanche buries , kills snowmobile driver Michael Schumacher in critical condition after skiing accident CNN 's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Friend : Anthony "  Tony " Seibert was "  an uplifting person " who loved the backcountry NEW : Vail 's COO laments "  an incomprehensible loss " to the community , the Seiberts Seibert dies in East Vail Chutes ; 3 people were rescued with minor injuries The lone victim is a grandson of Peter Seibert Sr. , a co-founder of the Vail ski resort
CNN  -- This week marks the Jewish holiday of Sukkot . Across Israel , families build primitive structures with branches or palm fronds as roofs . They do so to remember the biblical exodus from Egypt and 40 years of exile in the Sinai Desert . It is a celebration of survival . Despite a raging war in neighboring Syria and a confrontation between the military and Islamists in Egypt , Sukkot finds Israelis in an upbeat mood . Ben Gurion Airport is packed with vacationers , the shekel is strong , and economic growth this year is expected to be close to 4 % . As they recall their ancestors ' wandering in the desert , Israeli Jews feel surprisingly secure . In a poll by the Israel Democracy Institute this month , 74 % expected their security situation to remain the same or improve over the next year . Israel 's leaders are less sanguine , but not because Syrian President Bashar al-Assad might lash out against the Jewish state . They are much more apprehensive about a new Iranian president bearing gifts at the United Nations General Assembly . Hassan Rouhani , elected in June to succeed Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , has already extended an olive branch . He has released "  prisoners of conscience " and told NBC that Iran would not "  seek any weapons of mass destruction " under any circumstances . Now , the diplomatic corridors are abuzz with speculation that Rouhani will make a dramatic announcement at the U.N. General Assembly , perhaps offering to close the Fordow enrichment plant or allow inspectors into the Parchin site for the first time . Rouhani is expected to meet ministers of most if not all the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council . Iran 's Rouhani : Diplomat 's touch , no pushover Gary Sick , executive director of the Gulf/2000 Project at Columbia University , said this week in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations that the Iranians "  are tough bargainers , they have real principles , and they 're going to insist on them , but they 're going to put those principles out in a much more attractive way than the previous administration did . " Sick is among those arguing for a new dialogue between the United States and Iran , as is The New York Times , where Bill Keller wrote that Iran was an indispensable partner in resolving Syria 's crisis . And that 's what worries Israel . It sees Rouhani , who once led Iran 's nuclear negotiating team , as an able tactician . Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz put it most colorfully , saying Rouhani would "  smile all the way to the bomb . " He is "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing , " Steinitz says . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has very publicly reiterated that the Islamic Republic must stop enriching uranium , get rid of the enriched uranium it currently has , close the facility in Qom and stop its program to develop a plutonium "  track . " "  Until all these measures are taken , the pressure on Iran should be increased and not relieved , certainly not eased , " Netanyahu said . In short , the message to Tehran should be : "  If you want to save the Iranian economy , give up your nuclear program . " There is no third way . President Rouhani says Iran wo n't develop nuclear weapons Israeli officials are worried that the United States and Europe , in an effort to encourage Iranian moderation , will begin to relax the devastating financial , shipping and oil sanctions built up against Iran , and allow more time to coax the Iranians toward agreement in the long-running "  P5 + 1 " talks . That would be a fatal mistake , in the Israelis ' view , allowing Iran to run the last lap toward building a bomb . The Israeli media have seized on remarks by Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who this week said cryptically : "  Heroic flexibility is very useful and necessary sometimes but with adherence to one main condition . ... A wrestler sometimes shows flexibility for technical reasons . But he does not forget about his opponent nor about his main objective . " Columnist Smadar Peri in Yedioth Ahronoth wrote that Khamenei 's remarks could suggest a change in Iranian policy but equally might also indicate "  a trick in the spirit of the Persian bazaar . First you have to smile , calm the customer on the other side , and then produce the goods without revealing the final price . " While U.S. officials and analysts are divided about Iran 's ultimate intentions and debate when the capability to build a nuclear device might become a program to do so , Israelis in and out of government have no doubt about Iran 's objective : a "  critical capability , " or the ability to produce sufficient weapon-grade uranium from its stocks of low-enriched uranium for a nuclear explosive without being detected . The term was used by the Institute for Science and International Security in July when it estimated Iran could achieve this critical capability in mid-2014 , given the rapid increase in the number of centrifuges at the Natanz and Fordow sites . It is an assessment the Israelis endorse . In a CNN interview , Intelligence Minister Steinitz said that Iran 's nuclear program was many times larger than North Korea 's and that only a credible threat of military force and serious deadlines would deter the Iranians . He drew a parallel with Syria : Only when President Obama declared that the Assad regime had crossed a red line and that military action would follow did the Syrians blink . Israeli officials were disappointed -- to put it mildly -- when Obama decided to seek congressional authorization for military strikes . And they were horrified when it appeared that Congress , under the influence of overwhelming public opposition to another foreign engagement , seemed unlikely to grant that authorization . What a message to send to Iran . Iran 's president calls for ` constructive ' dialogue , end to ` unhealthy ' rivalries The immediate response among officials and commentators in Israel was to invoke the Jewish sage Hillel : "  If I am not for myself , who will be for me ? " So the Russian-U.S. deal to strip Syria of its chemical weapons came as a relief in Jerusalem . As one Israeli analyst put it , "  It 's a win-win-win-win . " The Russians re-established themselves as diplomatic heavyweights , Obama was spared humiliation , al-Assad avoided a shower of cruise missiles . And Israel could at least hope that the Syrian chemical arsenal would be incinerated rather than be used in desperation by a sinking regime or fall into the hands of Hezbollah . That is "  hope " rather than "  expect . " Most Israeli analysts are deeply skeptical that al-Assad will give up all his chemical weapons . Syria developed the weapons in response to Israel 's growing military superiority and its nuclear deterrent . Ely Karmon of the Institute for Counter-Terrorism at The Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya says chemical weapons are also al-Assad 's insurance policy , his ultimate deterrent in protecting the Alawite minority . In common with many Israeli analysts , Karmon believes the timetable for the removal and destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons is unrealistic . He told CNN that the process would take three to four years and would require a cease-fire to be effective , and there would be ample opportunity for obstruction and evasion . The Israeli government wants the threat of military action against Syria to be simmering on the front burner . It 's the only language that al-Assad understands , they say , just as it 's the only language Khamenei and Rouhani understand . In many ways , the winds of change across the Arab world are blowing favorably for Israel , even if they could change direction without warning . The Egyptian military is hurting Hamas in the Gaza Strip by closing many of the tunnels that it relies on for trade and weapons . And the Palestinians have submitted to yet another attempt to reach a two-state solution  one that 's going nowhere , Palestinian sources say  . Two once-mighty Arab armies , the Syrian and Iraqi , are debilitated . The Israeli intelligence community is confident that it will detect any Syrian effort to transfer chemical weapons to Hezbollah , and Hezbollah risks losing one of its main patrons in al-Assad  though its fighters are gaining valuable experience helping him  . The Israelis appear confident of being able to contain Sunni extremists should they emerge as a force in a post-Assad Syria . Until now , Israeli policy has been to say little and hope al-Assad 's forces and the rebels cancel each other out . But Michael Oren , Israeli ambassador to the U.S. , suggested this week that al-Assad is the worse of two evils . "  We always preferred the bad guys who were n't backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran , " he told the Jerusalem Post . "  The greatest danger to Israel is the strategic arc that extends from Tehran , to Damascus to Beirut , " he added . In Israel , so much of the regional picture is seen through the prism of Iran . So it 's not the Arabs that most worry Israel at the moment . It 's the Persian bazaar , described a long time ago by an American diplomat as a "  mindset that often ignores longer-term interests in favor of immediately obtainable advantages , and countenances practices that are regarded as unethical by other norms . " Israel worries that its allies will be overly enthusiastic buyers .	In Israel , the shekel 's strong , the economy 's growing , and Israeli Jews feel surprisingly secure But Israel 's leaders are apprehensive about diplomatic efforts from Iran 's new president They also worry that the U.S. and Europe will relax sanctions that have devastated Iran Israel 's government wants the threat of military action against Syria to stay on the front burner
CNN  -- It all seemed like a Friday night prank in the beachfront paradise of Isla Vista , the off-campus housing quarter for students from University of California at Santa Barbara and the local community college . The pops sounded like firecrackers , a common mischief . And the gun looked fake , like one used for pellet games . But what seemed like a college joke at first became very real . Sienna Schwartz saw the gunman driving by her and thought he was a hoaxster -- until she felt the whoosh of a bullet passing her skin . "  He lifted up a little black pistol and ... I just thought it was an Airsoft gun or something , so I was like , hey , what up ? " she said , becoming tearful as she recounted the experience . "  And I turned around and I started walking the other way , " she said . "  He shot ... I just felt the wind pass right by my face . " Schwartz broke down in retelling how the beauty of Isla Vista became a scene of mass death Friday night . In all , seven people were killed , including the gunman who fired into crowds while driving his black BMW . It was the second time that a mass killing has occurred in the unincorporated community in 13 years ; the other one also involved a motorist . Friday night 's violence could n't have picked a more beautiful college setting . Beachfront beauty UCSB is renowned as a school on the beach , and as such , it 's one of the most scenic campuses in America , caressed by cool Pacific breezes . Just 100 miles from Los Angeles , Santa Barbara attracts weekend crowds seeking a getaway . Its main street features boutiques and eateries in stylish Spanish-mission architecture . Isla Vista is the adjacent residential quarter for students mostly enrolled in UCSB and others at Santa Barbara City College . The community sits on beachfront bluffs just west of UCSB and offers off-campus apartments where students commonly double up in one bedroom . In fact , Isla Vista holds legend status as the most densely populated square mile in California , though the county says its size is actually a half-square mile , or 320 acres . Officially , Isla Vista is an unincorporated community of 20,000 people -- 13,000 of them are students -- in Santa Barbara County , the county says . The streets prove the student presence : they 're lined with bicycles . Friday night 's mass shooting occurred on an weekend evening when Isla Vista is typically jammed with students moving shoulder-to-shoulder from one party to another . On Saturday morning , however , the community was a massive crime scene . Pizzerias , delis , cafes and convenience stores downtown were lined with yellow police tapes zigzagging everywhere -- because the drive-by gunman apparently fired upon several places while in motion . Bullet casings lay scattered on the street , and storefront windows were shattered . 2001 mass killing As grisly as it was , the setting was n't the first time that Isla Vista has known a mass killing , especially by a motorist . In 2001 , David Attias , son of film director Daniel Attias , ran over five people in Isla Vista , killing four of them , and exclaimed he was the "  angel of death . " Attias was convicted of four murders in 2002 , but a jury later ruled him not guilty by reason of insanity . Attias was then sent to a California mental hospital . In Friday night 's deaths , witnesses -- largely of college-student age -- initially thought the unfolding events were student antics . Sounded like fireworks Summer Young said she was walking down the street and heard what sounded like fireworks set off by students . "  People get stupid out here sometimes , " she said . But the pops were gunfire , and the car passed her , she learned . "  He was just firing up shots , " Young said . Another witness , Cayla Bergman , a UCSB student , also described the bangs as fireworks . "  We 're used to loud noises around here , " she said . But then the crowds went into a panic . "  A bunch of people from outside just started running into the store , " Bergman said . Sorority bloodshed Kyle Sullivan , 19 , a student at Santa Barbara City College , came upon three young women -- all shot -- on a lawn in front of the Alpha Phi sorority , located in a cluster of Greek houses in Isla Vista . One woman appeared to be dead . Another was struggling and "  just barely able to move her eyes . " A third , wounded in the kidney and arm , was on the phone with her mother , telling her she probably was n't going to make it and "  how much she loved her , " Sullivan said . "  It was a huge shock last night , " Sullivan told CNN in an interview on the sorority lawn , reconstructing events . "  I really was n't able to sleep at all . It was heartbreaking , that something would happen in our community like this . " Nikolaus Becker , a graduating high school senior who was visiting Isla Vista , was eating a burger in a restaurant when he and friends heard pops , thinking they were fireworks . Other students were doing homework inside the eatery . "  We were actually joking around about it , " he said of the popping . "  People were riding their bikes around outside , and parties were still going on . " Then Becker and friends heard two more sets of bangs -- with police running . They also saw a speeding car -- moving at 50 mph , screeching around a corner . "  Nobody knew what was going on , and everybody was kind of scared to go outside , " Becker said . When he finally went outside a half hour later , Becker saw body bags on the street . Colleges ache Both colleges expressed sympathies Saturday . They are now coordinating counseling and student support services . "  Our hearts are aching as we learn about the tragedy that unfolded in Isla Vista last night , " a Santa Barbara City College statement said Saturday . "  We know our students co-mingle with UCSB students and Isla Vista residents as part of our greater community and we all , as an extended family , are impacted by this unimaginable event . " UCSB is providing temporary housing for displaced students . "  Our campus community is shocked and saddened by the events that occurred last night in the nearby community of Isla Vista , " a university statement said . Who 's the man behind the rampage ? CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Kyle Sullivan , 19 , finds three young women shot on a sorority lawn NEW : One woman who thinks she wo n't survive calls mom to express love , he says Isla Vista community is a densely populated quarter for student housing In 2001 , a motorist killed four people by running them over in Isla Vista
