Let 's face it -- it does n't take much to convince us to do ridiculous things , document them and share them on the Internet . Make it for a good cause , and you get a viral sensation that starts with a single person and rides the wave of social media all the way to Hollywood , the White House and sports stadiums around the world . The Ice Bucket Challenge is a social media campaign that aims to raise awareness and money to fight Lou Gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . And it 's simple , in the same way that laying stiff as a board in weird places or dancing the "  Harlem Shake " is simple . Dump a bucket of ice-cold water over your head , then challenge a friend , or friends , to either do the same or donate money to the The ALS Association . Make a video of the whole thing and post it to your social media accounts . Voila ! You 've completed the #IceBucketChallenge . And while most viral Web trends tend to crop up , then disappear without accomplishing much other than providing a few chuckles , the Ice Bucket Challenge is making a difference . The ALS Association reports that it , and its 38 chapters , received $ 4 million in donations in just two weeks . Last year during that same time period , July 29-August 12 , the association brought in $ 1.1 million . "  We have never seen anything like this in the history of the disease , " said Barbara Newhouse , president and CEO of The ALS Association , in a news release . "  We could n't be more thrilled with the level of compassion , generosity and sense of humor that people are exhibiting as they take part in this impactful viral initiative . " It all started with Pete Frates , a former baseball player at Boston College who has been living with ALS since 2012 . He floated the idea and his former teammates , as well as other Boston-area athletes , took him up on it . It was noticed and covered by local media and that attention , along with the social Web 's viral nature , launched it onto a much larger stage . Athletes , celebrities and politicians , as well as everyday folks , have gotten in on the act . For example , Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan , himself a Boston College alum , took the challenge last week , then challenged his wide receiver corps -- Roddy White , Julio Jones and Harry Douglas -- to do the same . So far , Douglas and White have taken him up on it , with Douglas passing the challenge along to Cleveland Cavaliers star Lebron James and White challenging fellow NFL players Champ Bailey , Larry Fitzgerald and Eric Weems . Of course for the Falcons , who are currently being profiled on HBO 's documentary series "  Hard Knocks , " a bucket of ice water might not have seemed so bad during training camp in the Georgia heat  . And leave it to a hockey player to try to show he 's tougher than everybody else . NHL player Paul Bissonnette , most recently of the Phoenix Coyotes , posted a YouTube video of himself in his underwear , having frigid glacier water dumped on him by a helicopter . He , too , called out James , as well as NFL quarterbacks Aaron Murray and Russell Wilson . Jimmy Fallon , Martha Stewart , and Justin Timberlake are among the celebrities who have gotten wet for the cause . Even broadcasting legend and former CNN host Larry King joined in -- well , kind of . King made one of his producers take the icy plunge . In the world of politics , the Boston area 's most famous family , the Kennedys , joined in a big way . More than 20 members dumped buckets of ice water on their heads then challenged "  Grandma Ethel " -- the 86-year-old family matriarch and widow of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy -- who did so after challenging President Obama himself . Obama declined the opportunity to dump ice water on himself on camera . But he 'll be making a donation to the cause . "  The President appreciates Mrs. Kennedy thinking of him for the challenge -- though his contribution to this effort will be monetary , " Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Eric Schultz said Tuesday . Of course , many of the folks who take the challenge also donate , which accounts in part for the big numbers for the ALS Association . But the very act of making the cause viral has been hugely important , too . "  While the monetary donations are absolutely incredible , " said Newhouse , "  the visibility that this disease is getting as a result of the challenge is truly invaluable . People who have never before heard of ALS are now engaged in the fight to find treatments and a cure for ALS . " Currently , there is only one FDA-approved drug for ALS and that one only extends survival by several months , according to the ALSA . People with the disease lose control of muscle movement , eventually losing their ability to eat , speak , walk and , ultimately , breathe . Ice bucket challenge : Politicians get soaked	Ice Bucket Challenge goes viral for ALS Athletes , celebrities have taken up the cause of Lou Gehrig 's disease The concept was invented by Pete Frates , a former college baseball player Kennedys challenged Obama , who opted to make a donation
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian protesters threw tomatoes and shoes at U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's motorcade Sunday and shouted , "  Monica , Monica , Monica " as she left the newly reopened U.S. Consulate in Alexandria . Clinton said she was in the city to answer critics who believe Washington has taken sides in Egyptian politics . There were already vocal protesters at the start of her visit to the consulate , forcing the ceremony to be moved inside . "  I want to be clear that the United States is not in the business , in Egypt , of choosing winners and losers , even if we could , which , of course , we can not , " Clinton said at the ceremony to reopen the consulate , which was closed in 1993 because of budget constraints . Son of kidnapped American : Dad did n't know of danger "  I have come to Alexandria to reaffirm the strong support of the United States for the Egyptian people and for their democratic future . " The protesters threw the tomatoes , shoes and a water bottle as the staff walked to their vans after the ceremony and riot police had to hold back the crowd . A tomato hit an Egyptian official in the face . Clinton 's van was around the corner from the protesters , and a senior State Department official said her car was not hit . The chants of "  Monica " refer to Monica Lewinsky , the White House intern who had an affair with Clinton 's husband , former President Bill Clinton . Earlier Sunday , Clinton held a closed-door meeting with the head of Egypt 's military leadership , Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , whose military council is in a political tug of war with new President Mohamed Morsy . Opinion : Does U.S. matter anymore in Egypt and Israel ? Egypt 's military leaders took control of the government after a popular uprising toppled former President Hosni Mubarak in February 2011 , promising to hand over control after elections . But after this year 's elections , the military council issued a decree stripping the presidency of much of its power . And more than two weeks after Morsy took office , the country remains in the throes of domestic political chaos . The president has no Cabinet and the country has no parliament . Clinton met with Morsy on Saturday and urged him to assert the "  full authority " of his office . She stressed that it is up to the Egyptian people to shape the country 's political future , but also said the United States would work "  to support the military 's return to a purely national security role . " Clinton and Tantawi , who met for just over an hour Sunday , discussed the political transition and the military ruling council 's ongoing dialogue with Morsy , said a senior State Department official , who described the meeting on condition of anonymity . Later Sunday , in meetings with representatives from civil society groups and Christian leaders , Clinton addressed concerns from some who have been skeptical of the United States ' neutrality in Egypt 's political transition , another senior State Department official said . "  There has been some suspicion , some assertion , and we heard some of that today , that somehow the U.S. has put its finger on the scale in favor of one side or another in this transition , " the official said . "  And she wanted in very , very clear terms , particularly with the Christian group this morning , to dispel that notion and to make clear that only Egyptians can choose their leaders , that we have not supported any candidate , any party , and we will not . " As she left the country Sunday night , Clinton said her two days of meetings showed her the Egyptian people "  have legitimate concerns , and I will be honest and say they have legitimate fears about their future . " Egypt 's fragile economy has been a top item on Clinton 's agenda during the trip . The secretary of state also met with business entrepreneurs affiliated with Flat6Labs , an organization that provides seed money , mentoring and work space to small Egyptian companies to help them realize their concepts . "  Thanks to all of you for being willing to take a risk , " she said . Clinton aides said the secretary of state wanted to visit Cairo early after Morsy 's swearing-in to show that the Obama administration wants to help the new government improve Egypt 's economy . In meetings with Morsy and Tantawi , Clinton discussed a U.S. economic package that would relieve as much as $ 1 billion in Egyptian debt and help foster innovation , growth and job creation , officials said . She also said the United States is ready to make available $ 250 million in loan guarantees to Egyptian businesses . Tantawi told Clinton that what Egyptians need most now is help getting the economy back on track , one senior State Department official said . Egypt 's military is the foundation of the modern state , having overthrown the country 's monarchy in 1952 . Tantawi , a 76-year-old career infantry officer , fought in Egypt 's 1956 , 1967 and 1973 wars with Israel . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which Tantawi heads , currently wields legislative power , having ordered the dissolution of parliament after the country 's highest court ruled that it had been elected under invalid laws . Morsy tried to call it back into session after he was sworn in , but the court reaffirmed its decision , so the military council retains lawmaking powers until a new parliament is sworn in near the end of the year . In the presidential election , Morsy edged out Ahmed Shafik -- the last prime minister under Mubarak -- winning nearly 52 % of the votes cast . He resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party shortly after the results were announced , in an apparent effort to send a message that he will represent all Egyptians .	Protesters pelt Clinton 's motorcade with tomatoes and shoes Clinton was not hit , but an Egyptian official was Clinton discusses Egypt 's political transition with the head of Egypt 's military leadership A day earlier , she met President Morsy and urged him to assert his authority
London  CNN  -- The European Commission 's president Jose Manuel Barroso says a federation of Europe is "  unavoidable " if Europe 's embattled common currency is to survive the financial crisis . Barroso 's comments to CNN followed Wednesday 's annual "  State of the Union " address , which he delivered in Strasbourg , France , making the case for a unified Europe to stem the euro-area 's debt crisis . In reference to the euro , shared by 17-member states , Barroso told CNN : "  A single currency depends on the solidity , on the credibility of the institutions and the political construct behind it . So , I believe -LSB- a federation -RSB- is going to happen . "  We are saying that in some areas , like the common currency , like the supervision of the banks , like the common supervision of the budgets , we need this sharing of sovereignty , " he added . European institutions are already moving toward a more unified Europe in attempts to drag the euro bloc out of its financial mire . The European Central Bank -- led by president Mario Draghi -- is undertaking a bond-buying program for fiscally-frail nations in an effort to reduce borrowing costs for the likes of Italy and Spain . More : Crisis in-depth On Wednesday , the European Commission -- the executive branch of the EU -- presented plans to extend the bank 's powers further . Barroso wants to give the European Central Bank a regulatory role for over 6,000 banks operating in the eurozone . This raised concerns , particularly by Germany , over sovereignty and banking supervision . But Barroso told CNN : "  citizens of Europe are now paying very , very heavy bills because precisely we do n't have that , because the banks are transnational , but the supervision until now is purely national . " His comments follow this week 's decision by Germany 's Constitutional Court to green light the European Stability Mechanism -- the euro area 's permanent bailout fund for debt-ridden nations -- that will come into force in October . According to Barroso , "  the European Stability Mechanism has a capital that is comparable to the International Monetary Fund , so it 's the European IMF we have now . " "  It 's quite obvious that to sustain a common currency , we need more common power , " he added . Barroso 's call for a federal Europe is the latest in a long line of measures taken by European politicians to forge closer financial ties . Moves include March 's deal for a "  fiscal pact " which will come into force January 2013 , should it be ratified by 12 of the 17 euro countries . But Barroso said such measures would not threaten the sovereignty of participating countries : "  It 's a shared sovereignty , " he said . "  It 's not a transfer of powers from the capitals . " Barroso said he had "  no doubts " about the determination of Greece -- at the center of the eurozone debt crisis -- to implement reform and retain its place in the common currency . According to Barroso , integration is the only way to compete on the global stage . "  Even the biggest countries in Europe alone , if they are on their own , they will not have the leverage to deal with these issues globally , with our American friends or with the giants of power , like China and others that are emerging , " he said .	European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso says a federal Europe is "  unavoidable " European institutions are already moving toward a more unified Europe in attempts to stem crisis Barroso 's call is the latest in a long line of measures taken by European politicians According to Barroso , integration is the only way to compete on the global stage
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen has filed a lawsuit against adult film actress Capri Anderson , claiming she tried to extort money from him following an October incident at New York 's Plaza Hotel , a representative for the actor told CNN Monday . The lawsuit , filed Monday in Los Angeles Superior Court , states that Anderson "  fabricated a sensational tale about being assaulted , battered and held against her will , and used that fictional story as a basis for an extortion plot against Sheen . " Anderson , whose real name is Christina Walsh , appeared with her attorney on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " Monday to speak out about an alleged violent encounter she had with Sheen at the hotel . In the interview , Anderson said Sheen sent her an apology through a text message , and "  offered money for her silence . " "  Charlie Sheen has never offered her a dime to keep her quiet , " Sheen 's attorney , Yale Galanter said later Monday on CNN 's "  The Joy Behar Show . " Anderson 's attorney , Keith Davidson told CNN Monday evening that a civil suit would be filed "  very soon " and that a complaint against Sheen had been filed Monday with the New York Police Department . However , a police representative said no complaint had been received as of 5:10 p.m. . According to Sheen 's complaint , Anderson 's lawyers contacted Sheen 's lawyers on October 28 to inform them that the actress would go to the authorities and appear on morning talk shows "  unless Sheen paid her a seven-figure sum . " "  There was definitely never an offer for money to silence her or anything else , as a matter of fact , when her lawyers approached us , we told them to go pound salt because we knew that Mr. Sheen had done absolutely nothing wrong , " Galanter said during "  The Joy Behar Show . " Galanter said Anderson did not make allegations of wrongful conduct against Sheen on the night of the incident and that she posted on her website "  that she was ` fine ' and if you wanted to see more of her , for a price , one could enter the website . " Davidson defended his client 's right to receive compensation "  for the damage to her body , to her emotional state , and to her purse , " but would n't go into details about whether there had been any talk of a financial settlement . "  We know that the room was trashed , we know that Capri was chased and locked into a bathroom , " said Davidson , "  and we know that one person was brought away from the hotel against their will . " ABC questioned Anderson about why she called a girlfriend while locked in a bathroom instead of calling the police . She answered that she was in shock , "  I never expected the night to unfold the way it did , " said Anderson . It is still unclear who called police to the hotel that night . "  We 're going to defend these charges vigorously and she will never get a check from Charlie Sheen , " Galanter said . Anderson said she was offered $ 3,500 to appear at a dinner party with the actor . She said Sheen was drinking heavily and "  grew more intense . " She said the actor "  put his hands around her neck . " She also accused Sheen of "  snorting a white , powdery substance . " Galanter denied the allegations . "  He was searched , she was searched , the room was searched by the New York Police Department , it 's a total fabrication , " Galanter said . "  There was no cocaine , there was no white , powdery substance , she never saw him doing anything illegal . " Sheen spent several hours in a New York hospital in October after police responded to an early morning call about "  an emotionally disturbed person " at The Plaza Hotel , a law enforcement source said . Sheen 's representative blamed an "  adverse allergic reaction " to a medication for the hospitalization . Sheen , the son of actor Martin Sheen , signed a contract last summer to continue with his CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Complaint says actress asked for money NEW : Sheen did not have drugs , lawyer says Adult film star 's attorney : Civil suit is coming
New York  CNN  -- Gotham 's top cop on Tuesday said authorities are looking into the possibility that an Egyptian writer may have been responsible for an online posting that pictured a New York cityscape with the words "  Al Qaeda . Coming Soon Again in New York . " "  The use of language indicated that , " said New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . "  Its many different dialects in Arabic and our analysts thought that this was Egyptian in nature . " He said that the graphic image , which surfaced Monday on a few jihadist Web forums and featured the words in the English , did not coincide with any specific online chatter about a potential threat and that it was unclear whether one or multiple individuals was responsible for the posting . "  The Internet is , as we used to say , is the new Afghanistan , " Kelly told reporters . "  That 's where training happens . That where radicalization happens . It 's become a very valuable tool to the terrorists . " Still , FBI spokesman J. Peter Donald said that while his agency was also investigating , "  there is no specific or credible threat to New York at this time . " "  The NYPD Intelligence Division 's cyberunit is investigating the origin and significance of the graphic , " said police spokesman Paul Browne said earlier Tuesday . "  Until more is learned about their origin , we take all threats against New York City seriously . " The posting comes just months after the 10 year anniversary of the 2001 terrorist attacks in New York , Pennsylvania and Washington .	NEW : NYC Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said that threat may be "  Egyptian in nature " Image shows NYC cityscape with words "  Al Qaeda . Coming Soon Again in New York " The FBI says "  there is no specific or credible threat to New York at this time " The FBI and the NYPD are investigating the origins of an online posting
Activists presented a petition Tuesday to the United Nations Human Rights Council calling on Pakistan to free a Christian mother of five from being put to death on the charge of blasphemy . A Pakistani court Asia Bibi guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with Muslim fellow field workers . The offense is punishable by death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code , and Bibi was sentenced to hang . But an investigation by a Pakistani government ministry found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity and recommended Bibi 's release . The petition was signed by 50 activists including a former Czech foreign minister , the president of the U.N. General Assembly , a survivor of Tiananmen Square and a women 's rights advocate from Mali . "  With Pakistan now running for a seat on the U.N. Human Rights Council , the government should make an important gesture by releasing Asia Bibi , and repealing its blasphemy law , which is inconsistent with basic human rights , " said Hillel Neuer , director of U.N. Watch , a Geneva-based human rights group that organized the petition . However , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that the government will not change the country 's controversial blasphemy laws . Liberal politician Salman Taseer , then governor of Punjab , who led a campaign to end the law , was assassinated in January 2011 . Taseer said the blasphemy laws were being misused to persecute religious minorities and had called for Bibi 's release . Bibi writes about her ordeal in a recently published book called "  Get Me Out of Here . " It includes a letter she wrote to her family urging them to have faith in God . "  My children , " she wrote , "  do n't lose courage or faith in Jesus Christ . "	The petition calling for the release of Asia Bibi was signed by 50 activists She was sentenced to death for defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed A probe found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity The petition urges an end to Pakistan 's blasphemy laws
CNN  -- The New Orleans Saints admitted Tuesday to paying bonuses for hits that would knock opposing players out of a game , vowing the practice wo n't be repeated . Saints Head Coach Sean Payton and General Manager Mickey Loomis said they take "  full responsibility " for the practice , which they said "  happened under our watch . " "  These are serious violations , and we understand the negative impact it has had on our game , " Loomis and Payton said in a statement issued Tuesday evening . "  Both of us have made it clear within our organization that this will never happen again , and make that same promise to the NFL and most importantly to all of our fans . " Opinion : ` Bounty ' system stemmed from fans ' lust for violence The National Football League reported Friday that the Saints paid defensive players a bounty for injuring opponents , as well as making interceptions and fumble recoveries , during the 2009-2011 seasons . The program involved as many as 27 players and at least one assistant coach , the league concluded . The league said the program was administered by then-defensive coordinator Gregg Williams , with knowledge of other coaches . Players regularly contributed cash to a pool , which may have topped $ 50,000 at its peak . The players were paid $ 1,500 for a "  knockout , " when an opposing player was not able to return to the game , and $ 1,000 for a "  cart-off , " when an opposing player had to be carried off the field . In some cases , particular players on the opposing team were targeted , the NFL said . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has received the results of the investigation and will decide on discipline , which could include fines , suspensions and forfeiture of draft choices . Saints owner Tom Benson said Monday the team cooperated with investigation and called the findings "  troubling . " In their statement , Payton and Loomis said they were sorry for the "  undue hardship " the violations had caused Benson , "  who had nothing to do with this activity . " In a statement released Friday , Williams called the bounties "  a terrible mistake " that he knew was wrong . "  Instead of getting caught up in it , I should have stopped it , " Williams , now a defensive coordinator for the St. Louis Rams , said in a statement quoted by the New Orleans Times-Picayune newspaper . "  I take full responsibility for my role . I am truly sorry . I have learned a hard lesson , and I guarantee that I will never participate in or allow this kind of activity to happen again . " The disclosure has ignited controversy among football fans nationwide -- and Tuesday , former NBA star Charles Barkley said he had taken part in a bounty program during his basketball playing days in the 1980s . Barkley , now a commentator for CNN sister network TNT , said in an online interview that he had called on teammates to knock out an opposing player whose team was beating Barkley 's Philadelphia 76ers by a 30-point margin . He put the bounty amount at $ 5,000 but would not identify the player or opposing team . "  We were getting beat by 30 or 40 , I ca n't remember , " he told interviewer Dan Patrick . "  This guy was shooting threes and running up and down the court . I said , ` Hey , we 've got to hurt that guy right there . ' " Barkley added that "  people are clearly going to overreact to the bounty thing , " which he said should have stayed among the players . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Saints leaders apologize to the team 's owner for "  undue hardship " Team 's head coach , general manager say bounty program happened on their watch "  We understand the negative impact it has had on our game , " they say NBA 's Charles Barkley says he once offered a basketball bounty
PURCELLVILLE , Virginia  CNN  -- When the Army flew home the body of Spc. Stephan Mace from Afghanistan , his mother climbed aboard a small jet with the flag-draped coffin for the last leg of his trip . Vanessa Adelson escorted the body of her son , Stephan Mace , on the final leg of the journey from Afghanistan . Vanessa Adelson would not let her 21-year-old son make his final journey home alone . "  I brought him into this world , and he was my baby , " she said . "  I thought it was my responsibility as a mother to bring him home . " Mace and seven other soldiers were killed this month in a Taliban attack on their remote outpost in eastern Afghanistan , making it the deadliest battle for U.S. troops in Afghanistan since July 2008 . Watch mother prepare to bury son " All eight were assigned to the 3rd Squadron , 61st Cavalry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 4th Infantry Division , based at Fort Carson , Colorado . The October 3 battle saw Taliban insurgents at one point surging past the outer perimeter of Forward Operating Base Keating in Afghanistan 's Kamdesh district . The battle lasted about 12 hours , with the most ferocious fighting raging for about seven hours . The base , in a valley , is surrounded by ridge lines where the insurgents were able to fire down at U.S. and Afghan troops . The facility had been scheduled to be closed within days , CNN later learned . Three days after the deadly fight , Mace 's mother attended the Dignified Transfer of her son , then returned home with him from Dover Air Force Base in Delaware . Since May , Mace had been on his first deployment in Afghanistan , following a childhood dream of joining the Army . He planned to continue his career in service after his Army stint by joining the Department of Homeland Security or the CIA , his mother said . Instead , he was buried Monday in Arlington National Cemetery . With an escort platoon and band , a horse-drawn caisson arrived with the flag-draped casket at Section 60 in Arlington National Cemetery . It is a section set aside for the casualties of war in Iraq and Afghanistan . Mace 's mother , walking with a military escort , met the procession as pallbearers lifted the casket from the platform to gently bring it graveside . U.S. Army Secretary John McHugh was among the high-ranking officials who delivered condolences to Mace 's family and friends gathered for the funeral . Although reporters and TV crews were allowed to cover the ceremony , they were held at a distance where remarks could not easily be heard . The casket team prepared three American flags as part of the ceremony . The flag on the casket was crisply folded and presented to Mace 's mother . Two additional flags were presented to his father Larry Mace , and his grandparents , John and Mary Kay Petro . U.S. Army Brig. Gen Reuben Jones kneeled as he handed each flag to Mace 's kin , and spent a few moments speaking with them . The dead soldier 's brothers , Matthew , Bradley and Christopher , also attended the funeral . A seven-member firing party launched three volleys , a bugler played "  Taps , " and a bagpiper played "  Amazing Grace . " Back in Mace 's small , tight-knit community in Purcellville , Virginia , many found it hard to believe the solemn military procession through the center of town earlier this month was the last they would ever see of their friend . "  If I could describe Stephan , I would picture him flying through the air on a dirt bike living his life on the edge , " said Sam Chapman , childhood friend and football buddy . "  If more people in this country had the passion and the determination and the courage that Stephan had , it would without a doubt be a better place . He was just a great guy . " Watch friends remember him as gridiron tough " Mace , described as a Moto Cross champion , football player , hunter and all around fun-loving , loyal friend , was the kind of child that coaches and teachers remember . And when his body was brought back to Purcellville , the community turned out in support . Hundreds of people lined the streets , saluting and waving flags as Mace 's family brought him home . "  It was great to the see the kids and the families stand there and when the motorcade crossed the crest of the hill -LSB- into town -RSB- it was just silence ... . It was holy , " said Purcellville Mayor Robert Lazaro . "  I think we wanted to say to the Mace family , ` Thank you . We respect what your son has done for us . ' " Mace was awarded six medals for his service , including a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart . But for his mother , the most precious is the medal of St. Christopher , the patron saint of travelers , that her son wore into battle . She gave him the medal when he was 15 and preparing for a trip to South Africa . Now , after speaking to one of Mace 's friends who survived the outpost attack , Adelson knows her son reached for that medal in his last moments . She was told that in his last moments alive , Mace took off his medal and gave it to his fellow soldiers . "  That 's how Stephan was , " Adelson said . "  Here this kid is dying , and he was more worried about the other soldiers that he took his St. Christopher off and gave it to them . " She has also learned her son lived for about half an hour after sustaining wounds to the chest and leg . Adelson finds this detail comforting . "  I 'm glad Stephan did n't die right away because he was allowed to give that one gift to his unit and give them the St. Christopher and that he also was able to feel God come to him and take him away , " she said . "  That he was able to ponder and have a last chance , a last moment , to think about his family and have God take him . "	NEW : Soldier laid to rest Monday at Arlington National Cemetery Spc. Stephan Mace was one of eight who died in October 3 battle in Afghanistan Vanessa Adelson : "  It was my responsibility as a mother to bring him home " Mace gave his St. Christopher medal to fellow soldiers before he died
Americans are increasingly concerned that ISIS represents a direct terror threat , fearful that ISIS agents are living in the United States , according to a new CNN/ORC International poll . Most now support military action against the terrorist group . Seven in 10 Americans believe ISIS has the resources to launch an attack against the United States , just days before President Barack Obama plans to address the nation on the subject . The poll released Monday shows that Americans favor : -- Additional airstrikes against ISIS  76 % favor , 23 % oppose -- Military aid to forces fighting ISIS  62 % favor , 37 % oppose -- Providing humanitarian aid to people fleeing ISIS  83 % favor , 16 % oppose U.S. targets ISIS fighters near Iraq 's second-largest dam But a majority of Americans , 61 % -38 % , oppose placing U.S. soldiers on the ground in Iraq and Syria to combat the terrorist group . Even as Americans support military action against ISIS , they still want Obama to seek authority from Congress before taking any action . More than 7 in 10 Americans think Obama should ask Congress for the ability to strike ISIS militarily . And 8 in 10 Americans support Congress approving military force against ISIS . Obama : U.S. to go on offense against ISIS Obama , who described ISIS as a "  serious threat " in an interview on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " is scheduled to speak to the nation Wednesday to outline his strategy to address the terrorist organization . He will meet with congressional leaders on Tuesday to discuss his plan . While the CNN poll indicates Americans think ISIS has the ability to attack the United States , Obama said in the NBC interview there has been no "  immediate intelligence " that signifies the terrorist group is a threat . And while Obama did not offer specific details of his plan to strike ISIS , he did take the idea of putting U.S. groups on the ground in Iraq and Syria off the table . Obama 's upcoming speech comes as two Americans were murdered and grisly images and stories of the terrorist group needlessly killing enemies have emerged from Iraq and Syria . So far , Americans are not happy with how Obama has addressed the ISIS situation . The CNN/ORC poll shows that only 30 % of Americans think that he has a clear plan for dealing with ISIS . Overall , the President 's approval rating is 43 % , while 55 % disapprove how he is handling his role as commander in chief . House intel chief : Obama needs an ISIS endgame On the eve of the 13th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks , the threat of ISIS rivals that of al Qaeda in 2003 . The CNN/ORC Polls shows that 45 % of Americans see that ISIS is a "  very serious threat to the U.S , " while 49 % thought the same of al Qaeda 11 years ago . The threat of terrorism has grown exponentially in recent years , according to those being polled . In September 2010 , only 3 % of Americans named terrorism as the most important problem facing the country . It has now increased to 14 % and ranks right behind the economy , 30 % , as the most important problem facing the nation . "  Americans are significantly less reluctant to use military force than they were a year ago , and the number who say that terrorism is the country 's most important problem has quadrupled , making it second only to the economy on the list of top problems in the public 's mind , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . Red News/Blue News : Press panic over ISIS	7 in 10 poll respondents think ISIS can attack the United States Three-quarters responding to CNN/ORC poll support airstrikes against ISIS A similar number of people thinks Obama should get Congress ' approval
CNN  -- CNN 's global health show Vital Signs has teamed up with world renowned anti-aging experts to bring you an in-depth discussion on the search for immortality . Vital Signs host and CNN Chief Medical Correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta will be joined by best-selling author Dan Buettner who has done extensive studies on the areas in the world people live the longest , healthiest lives , known as Blue Zones , and shares their formula for a long life . The other panelist is geneticist Dr. Aubrey de Grey , best-selling author of "  Ending Aging : The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs That Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime . " He believes regenerative medicine could , in a matter of decades , extend life expectancy to 1000 years .	Watch a LIVE webcast on CNN.com on November 30 , at 1200 GMT Leading anti-aging experts will share their insights on the search for immortality Send them your questions via soundoff , ireport and twitter
CNN  -- As though there were not enough tumult in Egypt . A year after revolution felled a longtime dictator , a new crisis has soured its strongest Western ally and threatened to sever military aid . Egyptian authorities had been investigating civil society organizations for a while but they stunned U.S. officials by announcing this week that 43 foreigners , including 19 Americans , working for civil society organizations would face prosecution . Egyptian officials blamed ongoing unrest in their country on foreign interference . Authorities carried out 17 raids on the offices of 10 organizations including the U.S.-based Freedom House , National Democratic Institute and the International Republican Institute . Among those going to court is Sam LaHood , son of Ray LaHood , the transportation secretary . Not a wise decision by the Egyptians , said journalist Ashraf Khalil , author of "  Liberation Square : Inside the Egyptian Revolution . " "  You never ever mess with the son of a  government official  , " Khalil said . "  I never expected foreigners would be sent to trial . I started to think that maybe they really believe these people are spies . " Khalil was not alone in his reaction . Several analysts said they were surprised the Egyptians chose to provoke America at such a critical juncture in their post-revolutionary journey ; to bite the proverbial hand that feeds them . What makes this crisis even tougher is that there are no easy solutions to stave off tensions . The Egyptians say the pro-democracy organizations had received illegal foreign financing and were operating without a proper license . But some of the groups had been tacitly operating for some time in Egypt without permission , even under Hosni Mubarak . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the groups targeted did not fund candidates or parties . "  There is nothing new in their activities , " she said . Washington viewed the move as a crackdown on democracy and threatened to cut off more than $ 1.3 billion in military aid that was conditioned on Egypt 's progress in transitioning to democracy . Top officials including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta lashed out . And 41 members of Congress urged the administration to withhold further aid to Egypt until authorities allow the offices of the targeted organizations re-open . "  We have underscored how serious a problem these actions are . We have said clearly that these actions could have consequences for our relationship , including regarding our assistance programs , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday . Nuland declined to speculate about possible consequences but said the dispute "  is a very , very difficult situation in terms of the support we want to provide Egypt . " The drama continued Tuesday when Sen. John McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , told CNN that an Egyptian military delegation visiting Washington had canceled meetings with senior American lawmakers at the last moment and returned to Egypt . McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , did not give a reason why the Egyptians backed out but it was n't hard to guess . "  What is happening now is that both sides have painted themselves in a corner and they do n't have an easy way to get out , " said Marina Ottaway , a senior associate at the Middle East Program of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The Egyptians have now made a legal case and the Americans will find it difficult to tell them to interfere with the work of the judiciary when they are trying to push democracy , Ottaway said . One Egyptian official told the Al-Ahram newspaper : "  Americans can not preach to us night and day about the need to abide by the rule of law and then ask us to break the law to serve their interests . " The United States entree into Egypt is through its military leadership -- Washington has no relationship with the political leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood , which has a majority in Egypt 's parliament . So it can not afford to simply cut off Egypt , Ottaway said . At the same time , Egypt must find a way to expedite legitimate trial and release the Americans to protect its relationship with Washington . Ottaway said the military often blames foreign forces in having a hidden hand in anti-government protests . "  This is what the military is doing , " she said . "  Unfortunately , they are not blaming some nebulous group . It 's a big mess . " The crisis may also have been fueled in part by the a great sense of nationalism on the government 's part , said Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow at the Council for Foreign Relations . "  It 's better in the short term to be seen as standing up to the Americans , ' she said . In recent days protesters have returned to Cairo 's Tahrir Square , demanding an end to military rule . Some of those protests , in the wake of soccer riots that killed 79 people , have turned deadly . "  As the situation continues to be very unsettled in Egypt , the powers that be will look for a scapegoat , " Coleman said . "  Blame your problems on outside powers . That 's how it has been throughout history . " Accusing activists of receiving foreign funds is not new , either . Under Mubarak , dissident Saad Eddin Ibrahim was accused of using European Union money for election monitoring . He was tried twice before a higher court dismissed the case . Khalil , who covered Ibrahim 's trial , said he believes the Egyptian courts will back down on the foreigners . "  I think the Egyptians understand the depth of the hornet 's nest , " he said . But what Khalil fears most are the consequences for a half-dozen Egyptian pro-democracy groups that have also been accused of receiving foreign money . They are not the ones in the spotlight , he said . But they are the ones who will feel the wrath of authorities the most . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Egyptian authorities crack down on foreign organizations Among those facing trial are 19 Americans Angry U.S. lawmkers threaten to cut off military aid to Egypt Many are surprised by Egypt 's provocation but see no easy way out
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- A man toting an assault rifle was among a dozen protesters carrying weapons while demonstrating outside President Obama 's speech to veterans on Monday , but no laws were broken . It was the second instance in recent days in which weapons have been seen near presidential events . A man is shown legally carrying a rifle at a protest against President Obama on Monday in Phoenix , Arizona . Video from the protest in Phoenix , Arizona , shows the man standing with other protesters , with the rifle slung over his right shoulder . Phoenix police said authorities monitored about a dozen people carrying weapons while peacefully demonstrating . "  It was a group interested in exercising the right to bear arms , " police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill said . Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles , and only requires permits for carrying concealed weapons . So despite the man 's proximity to the president , there were no charges or arrests to be made . Hill said officers explained the law to some people who were upset about the presence of weapons at the protest . Watch the rifle being legally carried at rally " "  I come from another state where ` open carry ' is legal , but no one does it , so the police do n't really know about it and they harass people , arrest people falsely , " the man , who was n't identified , said in an interview aired by CNN affiliate KNVX . "  I think that people need to get out and do it more so that they get kind of conditioned to it . " Gun-toting protesters have demonstrated around the president before . Last week , a man protesting outside Obama 's town hall meeting in New Hampshire had a gun strapped to his thigh . That state also does n't require a license for open carry . U.S. Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan acknowledged the incidents in New Hampshire and Arizona , but said he was not aware of any other recent events where protesters attended with open weapons . He said there was no indication that anyone had organized the incidents . Asked whether the individuals carrying weapons jeopardized the safety of the president , Donovan said , "  Of course not . " The individuals would never have gotten in close proximity to the president , regardless of any state laws on openly carrying weapons , he said . A venue is considered a federal site when the Secret Service is protecting the president and weapons are not allowed on a federal site , he added . In both instances , the men carrying weapons were outside the venues where Obama was speaking . "  We pay attention to this obviously ... to someone with a firearm when they open carry even when they are within state law , " Donovan said . "  We work with our law enforcement counterparts to make sure laws and regulations in their states are enforced . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Video shows man with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder at Phoenix protest Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles Secret Service : Man considered no threat to president , who was nearby Man carrying rifle : "  I think that people need to get out and do it more "
CNN  -- The biggest change in Arizona since the state adopted a tough immigration enforcement policy two years ago has been a more tolerant climate for immigrants , representatives from several groups said Monday . "  There has been a change in Arizona , without a doubt , " said Clarissa Martinez , director of immigration for the National Council of La Raza , which led a coalition of civil rights groups in a tourism boycott of the state after SB 1070 became law in the spring of 2010 . The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday that three of the law 's four key provisions infringed on the federal government 's constitutional jurisdiction over immigration . The high court let stand the provision allowing police to check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . Supreme Court strikes down key parts of Arizona law There were dire warnings by critics when the law took effect in July 2010 that it would keep businesses and people from moving to the state and that it would drive families away . There is no good measure of how many Hispanic families , fearing persecution by law enforcement , moved from Arizona . The boycott targeting Arizona 's $ 18 billion tourism industry and others by local governments , including the city of Los Angeles , got the attention of Arizona 's business leaders . "  An increasing number of voices in the business community started cautioning the legislature about continuing on this path , " Martinez said . The tourism boycott , which one study estimated cost the state 's hotels $ 141 million in convention business , was lifted last fall "  at the request of community organizations , businesses and elected officials who were working to create a new environment in the state , " Martinez said . Analysis : Five things we learned from court 's ruling While it 's hard to pinpoint how much damage the controversy did to Arizona 's hotel industry , occupancy rates have increased in the past year , according to Smith Travel Research , a company that tracks data for the hotel industry . Those figures are about in line with the national average . "  Indicators are showing that we had an increase in tourism " in 2011 , said Kiva Couchon , spokeswoman for the Arizona Office of Tourism . "  The trend line is moving upward . " An effort to pass even tougher anti-immigrant measures was rejected by Arizona 's legislature last year , she said . Winners , losers in immigration policy debate ? "  Arizona 's business community came out in force saying ` Please do n't do this , ' " said Marshall Fitz of the Center for American Progress , a Washington-based public policy think tank . One trigger for this was the economic sanctions imposed by several local governments , including Los Angeles . Those resolutions , passed after the Gov. Jan Brewer signed SB 1070 into law , limited contracts with companies based in Arizona . Gov. Brewer : Obama administration launched ` assault ' Those boycotts caused "  a lot of heartburn for companies here that saw potential customers outside the state dwindle , " Arizona Chamber of Commerce spokesman Garrick Taylor said . Last November , voters recalled SB 1070 's architect , Russell Pearce , from his state senate post , replacing him in November with a Republican who opposed the immigration crackdown . "  Arizonans are coming together to undo the tarnished image of their state that was inflicted on them by their governor and Sen. Pearce , " Martinez said . The controversy "  galvanized communities in Arizona " and "  served as a wake up call to increase participation in the electoral process , " she said . Supreme Court 's ruling at a glance The shift against the immigration measures came "  because people realize they do n't want to be in a state that 's suppose to be a vacation spot or a place to retire , but has an international reputation of being inhospitable and a place of intolerance , " Fitz said . Luring new businesses to the state is tougher with the "  tarnished brand " caused by the immigration law controversy , he said . "  A business trying to decide to open a new plant or new office in one of two place -- either Arizona or New Mexico --  is n't  going to think twice about . " The backlash has put the state "  on the cusp of a tipping point , where Arizona is going the way of California with the demographic changes and the desire to move away from a tarnished inhospitality , " Fitz said . The state could , like California , become a Democratic stronghold , he said . A changing national mood on immigration ?	"  There has been a change in Arizona , without a doubt , " La Raza 's immigration director says La Raza 's tourism boycott was lifted after leaders began to "  create a new environment , " she says Voters ousted Arizona SB 1070 's architect from the state senate Arizona is "  on the cusp of a tipping point " politically , one analyst says
EW.com  -- Now that you 've cast your ballot for the president of the United States , it 's time to turn you attention to another , equally important competition : the People 's Choice Awards . With categories ranging from "  favorite movie " to "  favorite music fan following , " your voice needs to heard . Maroon 5 frontman and "  The Voice " judge Adam Levine leads the list of nominees with six nods in both the music and television categories , while Justin Bieber is the top individual nominee with five music nods . The two artists with will go head-to-head in the favorite album and favorite music video categories , forcing you to choose between the two men with the best head of hair and the highest pitched voice in the industry . Too bad Justin Timberlake is n't in the running . People 's sexiest man alive , Channing Tatum , leads the male actors with four nods and Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence are tied with three nominations in the exact same categories . Glee and The Avengers are the most popular TV show and film , respectively . Voting begins today for all 48 categories and will end on Dec. 13 . The show , hosted by The Big Bang Theory 's Kaley Cuoco for the second year in a row , will be broadcast by CBS on Jan. 9 , 2013 . EW Daily Poll : What makes Channing Tatum so sexy ? Here are the nominees for the People 's Choice Awards 2013 : FAVORITE MOVIE The Amazing Spider-Man The Avengers The Dark Knight Rises The Hunger Games Snow White and the Huntsman FAVORITE MOVIE ACTOR Channing Tatum Johnny Depp Joseph Gordon-Levitt Robert Downey , Jr. . Will Smith FAVORITE MOVIE ACTRESS Anne Hathaway Emma Stone Jennifer Lawrence Mila Kunis Scarlett Johansson FAVORITE MOVIE ICON Emma Thompson Maggie Smith Meryl Streep Michelle Pfeiffer Susan Sarandon FAVORITE ACTION MOVIE The Amazing Spider-Man The Avengers The Dark Knight Rises The Hunger Games Men in Black 3 FAVORITE ACTION MOVIE STAR Chris Evans Chris Hemsworth Christian Bale Robert Downey , Jr. . Will Smith FAVORITE FACE OF HEROISM Anne Hathaway , The Dark Knight Rises Emma Stone , The Amazing Spider-Man Jennifer Lawrence , The Hunger Games Kristen Stewart , Snow White and the Huntsman Scarlett Johansson , The Avengers FAVORITE COMEDIC MOVIE 21 Jump Street Dark Shadows Pitch Perfect Ted What to Expect When You 're Expecting FAVORITE COMEDIC MOVIE ACTOR Adam Sandler Ben Stiller Channing Tatum Will Ferrell Zach Galifianakis FAVORITE COMEDIC MOVIE ACTRESS Cameron Diaz Emily Blunt Jennifer Aniston Mila Kunis Reese Witherspoon FAVORITE DRAMATIC MOVIE Argo The Lucky One Magic Mike The Perks of Being a Wallflower The Vow FAVORITE DRAMATIC MOVIE ACTOR Bradley Cooper Channing Tatum Jake Gyllenhaal Liam Neeson Zac Efron FAVORITE DRAMATIC MOVIE ACTRESS Charlize Theron Emma Watson Keira Knightley Meryl Streep Rachel McAdams FAVORITE MOVIE FRANCHISE The Avengers The Dark Knight The Hunger Games Madagascar Spider-Man FAVORITE MOVIE SUPERHERO Andrew Garfield as Spider-Man Chris Evans as Captain America Chris Hemsworth as Thor Christian Bale as Batman Robert Downey , Jr. as Iron Man FAVORITE ON-SCREEN CHEMISTRY Emma Stone / Andrew Garfield , The Amazing Spider-Man Jennifer Lawrence / Josh Hutcherson / Liam Hemsworth , The Hunger Games Kristen Stewart / Chris Hemsworth , Snow White and the Huntsman Rachel McAdams / Channing Tatum , The Vow Scarlett Johansson / Jeremy Renner , The Avengers FAVORITE MOVIE FAN FOLLOWING Potterheads , Harry Potter Ringers , The Lord of the Rings Rum Runners , Pirates of the Caribbean Tributes , The Hunger Games Twihards , Twilight FAVORITE NETWORK TV COMEDY The Big Bang Theory Glee How I Met Your Mother Modern Family New Girl FAVORITE NETWORK TV DRAMA Gossip Girl Grey 's Anatomy Grimm Once Upon a Time Revenge FAVORITE CABLE TV COMEDY Awkward Hot in Cleveland It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Melissa & Joey Psych FAVORITE CABLE TV DRAMA Burn Notice Leverage Pretty Little Liars The Walking Dead White Collar FAVORITE PREMIUM CABLE TV SHOW Dexter Game of Thrones Homeland Spartacus True Blood FAVORITE TV CRIME DRAMA Bones Castle Criminal Minds CSI NCIS FAVORITE SCI-FI/FANTASY TV SHOW Doctor Who Once Upon a Time Supernatural The Vampire Diaries The Walking Dead FAVORITE COMEDIC TV ACTOR Chris Colfer Jesse Tyler Ferguson Jim Parsons Neil Patrick Harris Ty Burrell FAVORITE COMEDIC TV ACTRESS Jane Lynch Kaley Cuoco Lea Michele Sofia Vergara Zooey Deschanel FAVORITE DRAMATIC TV ACTOR Ian Somerhalder Jared Padalecki Jensen Ackles Nathan Fillion Paul Wesley FAVORITE DRAMATIC TV ACTRESS Ellen Pompeo Emily Deschanel Ginnifer Goodwin Nina Dobrev Stana Katic FAVORITE DAYTIME TV HOST The Ellen DeGeneres Show , Ellen DeGeneres Good Morning America , George Stephanopoulos , Josh Elliott , Lara Spencer , Robin Roberts , Sam Champion Live with Kelly & Michael , Kelly Ripa & Michael Strahan The Today Show , Al Roker , Savannah Guthrie , Matt Lauer , Natalie Morales , The View , Barbara Walters , Elisabeth Hasselbeck , Joy Behar , Sherri Shepherd , Whoopi Goldberg FAVORITE LATE NIGHT TALK SHOW HOST Chelsea Handler Conan O'Brien David Letterman Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Kimmel FAVORITE NEW TALK SHOW HOST Jeff Probst Katie Couric Michael Strahan Ricki Lake Steve Harvey FAVORITE COMPETITION TV SHOW America 's Got Talent American Idol Dancing with the Stars The Voice The X Factor FAVORITE CELEBRITY JUDGE Adam Levine Britney Spears Christina Aguilera Demi Lovato Jennifer Lopez FAVORITE TV FAN FOLLOWING Gleeks , Glee Little Liars , Pretty Little Liars Oncers , Once Upon A Time SPNFamily , Supernatural TVDFamily , The Vampire Diaries FAVORITE NEW TV COMEDY Ben & Kate Go On Guys With Kids The Mindy Project The Neighbors The New Normal Partners FAVORITE NEW TV DRAMA 666 Park Avenue Arrow Beauty & The Beast Chicago Fire Elementary Emily Owens , M.D. . Last Resort The Mob Doctor Nashville Revolution Vegas FAVORITE MALE ARTIST Blake Shelton Chris Brown Jason Mraz Justin Bieber Usher FAVORITE FEMALE ARTIST Adele Carrie Underwood Katy Perry P!nk Taylor Swift FAVORITE POP ARTIST Adele Demi Lovato Justin Bieber Katy Perry P!nk FAVORITE HIP HOP ARTIST Drake Flo Rida Jay-Z Nicki Minaj Pitbull FAVORITE R&B ARTIST Alicia Keys Beyonc  Bruno Mars Rihanna Usher FAVORITE BAND Green Day Linkin Park Maroon 5 No Doubt Train FAVORITE COUNTRY ARTIST Blake Shelton Carrie Underwood Jason Aldean Taylor Swift Tim McGraw FAVORITE BREAKOUT ARTIST Carly Rae Jepsen Fun . Gotye One Direction The Wanted FAVORITE SONG "  Call Me Maybe , " Carly Rae Jepsen "  One More Night , " Maroon 5 "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together , " Taylor Swift "  We Are Young , " Fun . ft. Janelle Mon  e "  What Makes You Beautiful , " One Direction FAVORITE ALBUM Believe , Justin Bieber Blown Away , Carrie Underwood Overexposed , Maroon 5 Some Nights , Fun . Up All Night , One Direction FAVORITE MUSIC VIDEO Boyfriend , Justin Bieber Call Me Maybe , Carly Rae Jepsen Gangnam Style , Psy Part of Me , Katy Perry Payphone , Maroon 5 ft. Wiz Khalifa FAVORITE MUSIC FAN FOLLOWING Beliebers , Justin Bieber Directioners , One Direction KatyCats , Katy Perry Lovatics , Demi Lovato Selenators , Selena Gomez See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Adam Levine leads the list of nominees with six nods in both the music and television categories People 's sexiest man alive , Channing Tatum , leads the male actors with four nods Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence are tied with three nominations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Why do I find it hard to write the next line ? " If you recognize the lyric then brace yourself for some good news . Spandau Ballet , pictured aboard HMS Belfast , on Wednesday . Twenty years since their acrimonious split , Spandau Ballet -- the pin-up boys who helped shaped the sound of 1980s glam pop -- have announced the first dates of what band members say will be a full world tour . The Tony Hadley-fronted band , who enjoyed worldwide success with hits such as "  True " and "  Gold , " will launch their comeback in Dublin , Ireland , on October 13 before playing seven dates across the UK . Wednesday 's announcement took place onboard HMS Belfast , a retired Royal Navy moored in the Thames that was the scene of a key early gig by the band in 1980 that launched them on the road to global stardom . "  It is impossible to stress too highly how achingly fashionable Spandau Ballet were in the winter of 1979 and the summer of 1980 , " GQ magazine editor Dylan Jones writes in a biography of the band . Formed at a London school in 1979 , Spandau Ballet went on to sell 25 million records worldwide , emerging out of the post-punk "  New Romantic " music scene . Along with fellow British band Duran Duran , their sound , style and attitude came to define an era dominated by ostentatious glamour , gold lame suits and big hair . "  Not only did their albums sell by the millions , but their look and style impacted on the fashion world and beyond , " said a press release , summing up the band 's influence on the decade . "  They created their own style , combining creativity with entrepreneurship and the ` can do ' spirit of early 80s youth at a time of crisis and upheaval eerily reminiscent of 2009 . Spandau Ballet are both commercially and culturally enormous . " Following the band 's split in 1989 , several members including Hadley unsuccessfully sued main songwriter Gary Kemp for a larger share of songwriting royalties . Since then , Hadley has appeared in the London production of the hit musical "  Chicago " and also won an 80s revivalist reality TV show "  Reborn in the USA . " Several other members of the band have carved out moderately successful acting careers .	Iconic 1980s glam pop band Spandau Ballet to reform for world tour Band will play together for first time in 20 years in Dublin on October 13 Spandau Ballet 's sound , style and attitude came to define the 1980s Band split in 1989 ; several members unsuccessfully sued songwriter Gary Kemp
SRINAGAR , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- The chief minister of Indian-administered Kashmir tendered his resignation Tuesday after he was accused of being involved in a 2006 sex scandal , his adviser said . Omar Abdullah denies any link to a prostitution ring , saying he has stepped down to clear his name . Omar Abdullah , 38 , delivered his resignation to the state governor after opposition member Muzaffar Hussain Beigh accused Omar of a connection to the prostitution scandal during a session of the state legislative assembly . Muzaffar served as the deputy chief minister in the previous government , when several top pro-India officials were arrested on charges they misused their authority to force girls and women into a prostitution ring in Kashmir . Omar denied being involved in the scandal , but said he could not "  continue in the office following the allegation " and would not serve again until he is cleared of the charges . "  This is not an ordinary allegation , but a highly serious one . I can not continue in office until I am cleared , " Omar said in the state assembly . He then drove to Raj Bhawan , the official residence of New Delhi-appointed governor N. N. Vohra , to deliver his resignation , according to Devender Rana , Omar 's political adviser . The governor is consulting constitutional and legal experts before deciding on the resignation . The chief minister refused to talk to journalists outside the governor 's residence . The Times of India newspaper Tuesday quoted highly placed sources in India 's Central Bureau of Investigation as saying that Omar 's name never came up in the prostitution probe . Omar came into office in January following elections in late 2008 that saw the highest voter turnout in the region in nearly 20 years , since the eruption of a secessionist insurgency . Voters went to the polls in large numbers , despite a separatist call for a boycott of the voting . Most recently , the chief minister has been working to defuse tensions that are still running high following the arrest of four police officers in the probe of the alleged rape and murder of two young Muslim women in May . Two people have died and many have been injured in more than 300 violent clashes between Muslim protesters and Indian security forces stemming from the case . The arrests included the former police chief of south Kashmir 's Shopian district and three of his subordinates , who are accused of "  destruction of evidence " and "  dereliction of duty " in connection with the deaths , which occurred in the town of Shopian . Kashmir has been in the throes of a bloody secessionist campaign for nearly two decades in which , according to official figures , 43,000 people have been killed . Various rights groups and non-governmental organizations here , however , dispute the official statistics -- claiming that the number killed during the last two decades is twice the official figure .	Chief minister of Indian-administered Kashmir tenders his resignation Omar Abdullah accused of being involved in a 2006 sex scandal He denies allegation he was involved in a prostitution ring
CNN  -- A Virginia sheriff 's deputy has been fired for liking his boss 's political opponent -- on Facebook . Now Daniel Ray Carter Jr. is fighting back in court , arguing that a "  like " should be protected by his First Amendment right to free speech . It 's a case that could settle a significant question at a time when hundreds of millions of people express themselves on Facebook , sometimes merging their personal , professional and political lives in the process . According to court documents , the case began when Sheriff B.J. Roberts of Hampton , Virginia , fired Carter and five other employees for supporting his rival in a 2009 election . Carter 's offense ? Clicking the omnipresent Facebook thumbs-up to follow the page "  Jim Adams For Hampton Sheriff . " Roberts , of course , won re-election , leading to the firings . Free-speech advocates argue that the "  like " should have been clearly protected by Carter 's right to freedom of expression . But a U.S. District Court judge in Virginia ruled differently saying , in effect , that free-speech protections do n't kick in when someone does n't actually say something . "  Liking a Facebook page is insufficient speech to merit constitutional protection , " Judge Judge Raymond A. Jackson wrote in his May ruling , because it does n't "  involve actual statements . " Carter is appealing that ruling in the U.S. Court of Appeals . The appeal was filed last week , and the sheriff 's lawyers are expected to respond by next month . Carter 's advocates argue the judge 's definition of free speech does n't match existing law . "  The judge is wrong in the sense that the Facebook button actually says the word ` like , ' so there are actually words being used , " said Aden Fine , a senior staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union , which has filed a brief supporting Carter 's appeal . "  And there 's a thumbs-up symbol , which most people understand means they , literally , like something . " Facebook itself also has weighed in with a brief to the court , saying that a "  like " for a political candidate is "  the 21st-century equivalent of a front-yard campaign sign . " "  A campaign endorsement in particular need not be elaborate or lengthy to constitute political speech , " the site 's lawyers wrote . "  Carter need not have published a detailed analysis of the competing candidates ' platforms for his speech to warrant First Amendment protection . His endorsement of his preferred candidate is enough . " With the London Olympics in full swing , the ACLU 's Fine compared it to another wordless moment -- the two American sprinters who defiantly raised gloved fists in a "  black power " salute on the medals stand during the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City . "  They did n't say any words , " he said , "  but they clearly sent a message . " Bruce Barry is a professor of Management and Sociology at Vanderbilt University and author of 2007 's "  Speechless : The Erosion of Free Expression in the American Workplace . " He calls the argument used in the lower court ruling "  ridiculous " and "  on its face absurd . " Barry believes if the appeals court upholds that judgment , it could make it much easier for employers to clamp down on their workers ' speech on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter as well as on personal blogs and other sites . "  If , as a lot of people expect , the appeals court overrules this and says this is obviously protected speech , then it may be that this case does n't really establish a great amount of new law , " he said . "  That 's the outcome a lot of people might expect . "  But if it goes the other way , then it really does change things , at least in the legal realm . That would have , potentially , a significant effect . " Barry notes that the Virginia case is the latest in a string of legal disputes that have arisen between employers and employees based on the increasingly popular use of social media . Last year , gadget-review site PhoneDog sued Noah Kravitz , a former employee , for taking with him a Twitter account he built while at the company to promote his work for other sites . And , last year , the National Labor Relations board weighed in on behalf of an ambulance driver who had been fired because of a negative Facebook post about the company for which he drove . The board said the company 's policy , which prohibited negative comments by its employees on the Internet , was too broad . In February , the two sides settled the case . "  I think that employers are often too concerned about his stuff and about their employees , " Barry said . "  Social media  has just become so common , so ubiquitous . " It 's not clear how long it will take Carter 's case to move through the court system . After the sheriff 's lawyers respond , Carter 's attorneys will get one more chance . Then , the court could take several months to hear further arguments and , ultimately , issue a ruling .	Virginia deputy says he was fired for liking sheriff 's opponent on Facebook Daniel Ray Carter Jr. says he was one of six fired for not backing his boss U.S. District judge ruled his Facebook "  like " was n't protected by First Amendment Facebook , ACLU and others have weighed in to support Carter 's appeal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Several hundred Sri Lankan Tamil protesters shouted slogans at the British Parliament for a second day Tuesday , urging it to act to end the "  genocide " against their people in Sri Lanka . Police clash with Tamil protesters outside the Houses of Parliament . "  Stop the genocide ! " they shouted . "  Stop the war ! " They waved the red flag of Tamil Eelam , the Tamils ' traditional homeland in northern and eastern Sri Lanka . The flag is emblazoned with a yellow roaring tiger . Most of the protesters slept overnight on the streets around Parliament Square after beginning their unauthorized protest Monday afternoon . At one point , the protesters blocked the street leading to Westminster Bridge over the River Thames , police said . That led to road closures around Parliament . By Tuesday morning , a solid ring of police had hemmed the protesters in Parliament Square across the street from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben . Roads were open again , but the protest and police presence caused traffic congestion in the area . Hariram Shan , 24 , is a Sri Lankan Tamil who said he has lived in Britain for six years . He said the protesters hope the British government will intervene to stop Sri Lanka 's crackdown on Tamil Tiger rebels , which he said harms civilians . "  They can force economic sanctions , " Shan told CNN . Dushyanthy Sukumar , 47 , said the Sri Lankan government is retaliating against innocent civilians . "  The Sri Lankan government has now cornered the rebels , the LTTE  Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  , and what they are doing is killing the people , " she said . Sukumar , who said she has lived in Britain since leaving her homeland in 1987 , said she is angry at the British government for supporting Sri Lanka . "  The Sri Lankan government is doing their dirty work through this government , " she said . The Sri Lankan military said Sunday that it had captured the last rebel stronghold and killed five rebel leaders after three days of gunbattles . It said more rebels could still be hiding in a 20-square-kilometer "  safety zone , " but that it would not enter the area because it is home to some 50,000 people . The Tamil Tigers have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .	Several hundred Tamil protesters demonstrate outside UK parliament Protesters urge UK lawmakers to "  act to end the genocide in Sri Lanka " Tamil Tiger separatists have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland Sri Lankan military said Sunday it had captured last rebel stronghold
CNN  -- The office of Georgia 's Secretary of State confirmed Tuesday that its website has been experiencing intermittent problems on Election Day . A website that provides poll location information was showing an error message earlier Tuesday . "  We are experiencing difficulties with -LSB- our website -RSB- . Our IT folks are working on it . We 're throwing resources at it to solve the problem , " Jared Thomas , chief of staff and press secretary for the office , told CNN . 7 things that will almost definitely happen on election night Two of Georgia 's elections Tuesday hold high significance . Its Senate race could help determine majority control in the upper chamber , while its gubernatorial race could see the ouster of its Republican incumbent governor for Democrat Jason Carter , the grandson of former President Jimmy Carter . Voting irregularities are closely monitored on big election days across the country by political parties , independent groups and the media . A viewer 's guide to the election More serious claims have been made elsewhere . In Connecticut , Gov. Dan Malloy is asking a judge to extend voting hours after delays and other problems were reported at Hartford polling locations Tuesday morning , according to local reports . CNN affiliate WAVY in Virginia received reports from local voters who said they experienced voting machine errors at multiple locations . And in North Carolina , conservative activist James O'Keefe released a new video Monday showing how he obtained ballots at polling stations by pretending to be inactive voters . The point of the video was to show the need for voter ID laws , which are scheduled to start in North Carolina in 2016 . Election monitors sent to 18 states CNN 's Ashley Killough , John Newsome and John Branch contributed to this report .	Georgia 's main election website experienced problems on Election Day morning . A number of groups and the media pay close attention to voter irregularities on big election days . Problems have also been reported in Maine and in Connecticut .
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- As soon as Alan Gross got out of Cuban airspace Wednesday morning , he called each of his two daughters to say the two words he had dreamed of saying for years : "  I 'm free , " a spokeswoman for his legal team says . It was the end of five years locked up in wretched conditions , as his lawyers have described his time in a Cuban prison : 23 hours a day confined to a room , with one hour a day outside "  in a small , walled courtyard where you can barely see the sky , " according to attorney Scott Gilbert . Addressing the world at a news conference after his arrival in Washington , Gross began with another two words : "  Chag Sameach " -- Hebrew for "  happy holiday . " "  I guess so far it 's the best Hanukkah that I 'll be celebrating for a long time , " the 65-year-old said . "  What a blessing it is to be a citizen of this country , and thank you , President Obama , for everything you have done today and leading up to today , " he said . Saying he was "  very happy " to see President Barack Obama 's announcement of a new era in U.S.-Cuban relations , Gross added , "  This is a game changer , which I fully support . " He thanked his wife , Judy , his family , his "  lawyer and personal Moses Scott Gilbert , " and Jewish , Christian and Muslim organizations . "  God bless you and thank you . It was critical to my survival knowing that I was not forgotten . Your prayers and your actions have been comforting , reassuring and sustaining . " Gross praised Cubans , saying , "  Cubanos -- or , at least , most of them -- are incredibly kind , generous and talented . It pains me to see them treated so unjustly as a consequence of two governments ' mutually belligerent policies . " Gross asked for "  complete and total privacy . " His family lives in Maryland . Gross : ` I 'm incredibly blessed ' Smiling often as he spoke for several minutes , even as he mentioned his need for new teeth  they have been breaking , says legal team spokeswoman Jill Zuckman says  , Gross seemed to have a new lease on life . "  I 'm incredibly blessed finally to have the freedom to resume a positive and constructive life , " he said , adding , "  It 's good to be home . " His family had said he might not live another year in prison . "  Alan is resolved that he will not endure another year imprisoned in Cuba , and I am afraid that we are at the end , " Judy Gross said this month . Gross , who could n't visit his own mother before her death this year , had lost hope . His health was in danger ; he had lost more than 100 pounds . In July , he said goodbye to his family , and refused to see them again while he was imprisoned . He also refused to meet with U.S. diplomats in Havana , as a protest against the slow progress of efforts to free him . On Tuesday , he learned that he would be freed as part of a landmark deal announced Wednesday between the United States and Cuba . Three lawmakers and his wife flew to Cuba on a U.S. government plane to pick him up . The flight landed at a Cuban military base at 8 a.m. . At 8:45 a.m. , when the pilot announced they had left Cuban airspace , Gross stood up , took a deep breath and made the phone calls to his grown daughters Shira and Nina , said Zuckman . Shira has battled breast cancer during her father 's imprisonment . Gross also spoke with Obama by phone on his flight back to the United States , a senior administration official said . The plane touched down shortly after 11 a.m. ET at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry happened to fly in around the same time , and Kerry gave Gross a big hug , Zuckman said . Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona ; Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , and Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , were on the plane , Zuckman said . Van Hollen , who is Gross ' congressman , and Flake and Leahy were part of a U.S. congressional delegation that met with Cuban President Raul Castro to discuss Gross ' case last year . In the air , Gross ate popcorn , which he had missed . He also ate corned beef on rye and latkes  potato pancakes  with apple sauce and sour cream -- a traditional Hanukkah food . Gross ' Cuba mission debated Gross spent more than 25 years traveling the world , helping people in more than 50 countries and territories , according to a website that has pushed for his release . His work included helping communities in Pakistan , creating jobs in the West Bank and Gaza , and designing agricultural improvement projects in Azerbaijan , Bulgaria and the West Bank , the website says . He traveled to Cuba as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . The U.S. State Department says he was working to bring the Internet to Cuba 's small Jewish community despite Cuban government restrictions on Internet access . But Fulton Armstrong , a former senior adviser to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Gross ' mission , part of the agency 's "  regime-change " programs , was "  dangerous and counterproductive . " The operation involved the smuggling of parabolic satellite dishes hidden in Styrofoam boogie boards , Armstrong said . Cash was transported to Cuba to finance demonstrations against the Castro regime . "  They were sending this poor guy into one of the most sophisticated counterintelligence operating environments in the world , " said Armstrong , who spent 25 years as a CIA officer . "  It was not credible his story about the Jews . It did n't make sense . " Sentenced behind closed doors In March 2011 , Gross was tried behind closed doors for two days and convicted of attempting to set up an Internet network for Cuban dissidents "  to promote destabilizing activities and subvert constitutional order . " He was sentenced to 15 years . A 2012 lawsuit filed by Judy Gross accused USAID and Development Alternatives Inc. -- the company that sent him to the island -- of negligence . It said the agencies had a contract "  to establish operations supporting the creation of a USAID Mission " in Cuba . In 2013 , Gross reached a financial settlement with Development Alternatives . Attorney : Gross ' treatment ` cruel , inhuman , and degrading ' Leading human rights attorney Jared Genser had pushed for Gross ' release . In 2012 , he wrote the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , saying Gross had been "  denied adequate medical diagnosis and treatment for the last six months , which constitutes cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment under international law . " Gross "  suffers from a number of ailments including degenerative arthritis , " Genser wrote . His "  repeated requests for an independent medical evaluation have been denied . " A mass developed on Gross ' right shoulder , and he was not given adequate medical diagnosis and treatment , the attorney said . En route back home at last , Gross told his legal team what he wanted , in addition to time with family : a glass of good scotch , since he has n't had a drink in years , and a nice cigar , a habit he 's picked up while in prison . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana , and CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta .	NEW : "  What a blessing it is to be a citizen of this country , " Alan Gross says NEW : Gross says Cubans treated unjustly due to governments ' "  mutually belligerent policies " Gross lost more than 100 pounds in prison , and he said goodbye to his family this year His mother died while he was in prison in Cuba
CNN  -- Amid the firestorm over the decision to release five Guantanamo Bay detainees in exchange for captured American soldier Bowe Bergdahl , the Obama administration is continuing its efforts to close the controversial prison in Cuba . Recent efforts to do so are focusing on the establishment of a Periodic Review Board to intermittently decide whether detainees not currently facing charges can be transferred to their home country or to a third-party country willing to take them . According to a senior administration official who briefed reporters on Thursday , the board ensures that detainees are "  regularly getting a fresh look , " and getting the chance to have someone hear their case . U.S. law currently does not allow Guantanamo detainees to be moved to the United States , a provision that has impeded the administration 's efforts to close the prison , since detainees can not be tried in civilian courts or moved to American prisons . The Periodic Review Board was created by Executive Order in March of 2011 , and was launched in October of last year . So far , the board has conducted seven reviews , and three detainees have been approved by it for transfer . The board is made up of representatives from the Departments of Defense , Homeland Security , Justice , and State , as well as the Joint Staff and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence . They review detainees ' histories to determine whether they are likely to represent a continued threat to the United States . But the decision to approve a detainee for transfer does not lead to their immediate release . In fact , of the 149 detainees at the prison , 78 have already been approved for transfer but are still awaiting repatriation . Most have been in this limbo for more than four years . That 's because the United States must first work out a deal with a foreign country willing to take them , and the deal must satisfy certain security and humane treatment obligations , according to the official . Once a deal has been reached , justification for the release must be submitted to members of congress for a mandatory 30-day review period . The Obama administration decided to bypass this stage of the process in the Bergdahl case , which has led critics to accuse the administration of violating the law . The administration insists it had an obligation to do so because intelligence suggested the Bergdahl was in ill health , and might not survive the 30 days . Moreover , a Senate aide took that further , telling CNN on condition of not being identified that senators were told by the administration that the United States had credible information that leaked word of the deal ahead of time would result in Bergdahl being killed . Even with approval from government officials and the support of Congress , it can be difficult for the U.S. to find foreign governments willing to take the detainees or able to provide the appropriate assurances . The Obama administration also has a blanket ban on the transfer of all detainees to Yemen . And critics have levied a wave of concerns over recidivism . A September 2013 report from the Director of National Intelligence found that 16.6 % of the approximately 600 released detainees were confirmed to have returned to the battlefield , and another 12.3 % were suspected of having done so . Still , the administration says it is determined to reduce the Guantanamo Bay prison population , and points to data showing recidivism rates have been on the decline under Obama . "  We are very pleased with the progress we have been making , " the senior administration official said , adding that the government was appreciative of efforts by foreign governments to accommodate detainees . The official also cited cost as a big motivator , saying , "  It simply does not make sense at this point in our history to be spending this type of money " on the prison . Citing efforts by the Bush administration to reduce the detainee population , the official suggested there is room for bipartisan cooperation on transfers . More than 500 detainees were released under former President George W. Bush . According to the official , 71 of the Guantanamo 's remaining detainees have not been approved for transfer . Of those , 10 are facing trial in front of the military commission system and are therefore ineligible to face the Periodic Review Board . Twenty-three have been referred for prosecution and the remaining 38 remain under detention with no decision made on their status . The prison was opened in January of 2002 and has housed over 750 detainees since .	U.S. captive Bowe Bergdahl was exchanged for Taliban detainees at Guantanamo Bay Closing the prison housing terror suspects has long been an Obama pledge Battles with Congress and other obstacles have made shutting it down difficult
CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate John McCain is just holding on like a boxer before he gets knocked out , comedian Chris Rock says . Comedian Chris Rock told Larry King he 's proud of Barack Obama 's character . Rock , an avid supporter of Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , spoke with CNN 's Larry King on Thursday . He said Obama is more grounded with your average American -- not somebody like McCain with "  12 houses . " "  The other guy -LSB- McCain -RSB- can lose five houses , " Rock said . "  I 'll go with the guy with one house . The guy with one house is scared about losing his house . " Watch Chris Rock describe a beaten up McCain " King began the interview by asking Rock about Thursday 's economic bailout talks when Obama and McCain went to the White House for discussions with the nation 's top leaders . KING : Obama and McCain at opposite ends of the table . What do you make of it ? ROCK : What do I make of it ? If this was a boxing match , McCain would be holding . KING : Holding on ? ROCK : Yes . It 's like he got hit really hard in the stomach like , ` OK . I ca n't let him go . He 's going to knock me out . ' So that 's what appears to be going on right now . Just a hold . KING : Has the financial crisis affected you ? ROCK : Larry , I drove a cab over here tonight . When it 's over , I 'm going to try to pick up some more fares . I 'm losing everything , Larry . KING : Really downtrodden ? ROCK : Yes , it 's real bad . KING : Have HBO paid you already ? ROCK : They have paid me , but the money is worthless now . Have n't you heard ? Your money 's worth nothing . KING : You must be ... proud that at this stage in our history a black man is running for president on a major ticket . ROCK : Um , you know what ? I 'm proud Barack Obama 's running for president . You know ? If it was Flavor Flav , would I be proud ? No . I do n't support Barack Obama because he 's black . KING : I said just as a proud feeling . That 's normal . ROCK : There 's a proud feeling because of the character of the man . You know , I was -- I supported John Kerry and , you know -- and what 's my man ? Al Gore . KING : Al Gore . ROCK : But this guy seems to be a little bit more . He seems to have watched other peoples ' mistakes and , you know , seems to have a little bit more going on . KING : From a comedic stand point , who is funnier , McCain or Obama ? Seriously . Is Obama not -- it 's hard to be funny about Obama ? ROCK : No , no . It 's weird . People ask me that all the time . ... McCain jokes are just easy jokes , like I do n't want a president with a bucket list . That 's like a McCain joke . Those jokes are easy . It 's like you basically , you know , you know , take the dust off your Reagan jokes and tell them again . You know ? But Obama , oh , this is a whole new set of jokes . I got to find a whole new move to the basket here . So I kind of hope he wins . KING : Did n't you introduce Obama at a rally ? ROCK : I introduced Obama at the Apollo Theater not too long ago . I think Obama would be great . I mean , just look the big thing right now is the economy . And people are going broke . And here : The choice is n't Republican or Democrat . The choice is you got a guy that 's worth $ 150 million with 12 houses against a guy who 's worth a million dollars with one house . KING : Well -- ROCK : The guy with one house really cares about losing a house , because he is homeless . The other guy can lose five houses and still got a bunch of houses . Does this make any sense ? Am I the only one that sees this ? KING : It 's unique way of ... ROCK : I 'm just saying , John McCain could lose half his houses . KING : You got a point . ROCK : And sleep well . KING : You and Bill Clinton were on Letterman on Tuesday . You had some problems with the tone of his endorsement of Barack Obama . ... Do you think Bill is hesitant about Barack Obama ? ROCK : You know what ? You know , he did a great speech in Denver . And Hillary 's been on the campaign trail . Just at that moment , if you watched what happened on David Letterman , it appeared he was holding back . And when you tell a joke and everybody laughs , it is not because they disagree with what you 're saying . So -- KING : They get it ? ROCK : Yes , they get it . The whole audience was in on it . But , you know , hey , the guy 's in a weird position there . His wife ran for the thing and she did n't win . KING : The next night , on "  The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart asked Clinton about the Letterman appearance and Clinton suggested that Obama supporters who questioned commitment are missing the point . ROCK : It was great . It was great . And you 're right , -LSB- Obama -RSB- does need to get some of the votes that went to Hillary and all that . I do n't understand any Democrat that voted for Hillary that does n't support Obama . Because their views are pretty similar . You know what I mean ? ... I understand people supporting Mr. McCain . But a Democrat that 's going to just be mad is -- there 's something kind of really messed up about that . KING : Have you always done political humor ? ROCK : You know -- KING : When you started , did you do politics ? ROCK : I 'm interested in the world . Jon Stewart does political humor . Bill Maher does political humor . I talk about stuff the way guys would talk about it at the barber shop . I do n't belong on any panel on this show . You know what I mean ? I do n't deserve to be near Roland Martin and Anderson Cooper and all these guys . I try to talk about politics in a way a guy that works at UPS would understand . KING : You did a lot of Brooklyn stuff . ROCK : I do all sorts of stuff , Larry . All sorts of stuff . You know , I hope Obama wins just because , you know , the country needs it . The country needs a change . We kind of seen what this whole McCain thing is . And I 'll go with the guy with one house . The guy with one house is scared about losing his house . KING : I never thought of it that way . ROCK : It is that simple .	Chris Rock tells Larry King that McCain is on the verge of getting knocked out "  I hope Obama wins just because ... the country needs it " Rock says he ca n't support a guy like McCain with "  12 houses " Says vote for the guy with one house , cause he 's scared of losing it
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States has designated a Kurdish militant group in Turkey as a terrorist organization , the State Department said . Turkish President Abdullah Gul , left , speaks to reporters with President Bush earlier this week in Washington . The group , the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons , known as TAK , is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK -- the separatist Kurdish group that has been attacking Turkey from inside northern Iraq . Turkey has responded to the attacks by bombing PKK targets in the predominantly Kurdish area of northern Iraq . The United States , the European Union and Turkey regard the group as a terrorist organization . The United States says TAK is "  responsible for multiple terrorist attacks in Turkey , which targeted tourist locations , military sites , and government buildings , resulting in several deaths . " The classification of the group as a "  Specially Designated Global Terrorist " subjects the organization and its supporters to financial sanctions . "  With this designation , the United States reaffirms its commitment to fight terrorism in cooperation with its NATO ally , Turkey . The United States will continue to work with Turkey , Iraq , and the rest of Europe against the PKK and its support networks and affiliates , such as the TAK . There must be no safe havens for such terrorists , " according to a statement from Tom Casey , deputy spokesman of the State Department . The move came after President Bush met Tuesday in Washington with Turkish President Abdullah Gul . The men discussed what Bush called their "  common enemy ... the PKK . " The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey . E-mail to a friend	U.S. puts Kurdistan Freedom Falcons , or TAK , on list of terrorist groups TAK is affiliated with Kurdish separatist group PKK PKK has been attacking Turkey from inside Iraq Move against TAK comes after Turkish president meets with President Bush
CNN  At the edge of the Syrian war , photographer Furkan Temir found despair packed in tent camps and an outpouring of humanity from a tight-knit Turkish border community . "  There were too many people . Every day new tent areas sprung up and even that was not enough . People slept in mosques , abandoned homes , schools , any building they can find , and if they could n't find anything , they slept in the street , " Temir recalls . The more than three-year Syrian civil war gave ethnic Kurds an opportunity to break away from the central government and operate in semi-autonomous enclaves in the country 's north , but it also meant that when the radical group ISIS threatened to overrun the strategic town of Kobani , the minority stood on its own . The fury and spectacle of the battle on the Turkish border drew the attention of the world and brought Temir with a sleeping bag , a Canon 6D camera and some spare change to nearby refugee camps , where he immersed himself for 17 days . "  I could not just come during the day and sleep in a hotel at night because I wanted to feel what they feel and truly understand the situation , " Temir says , "  I found myself sleeping , eating , sharing cigarettes and daily life with the refugees . When other photographers would come they would hide their faces because they knew the difference . They felt I was more sincere and trusted me . " In just four days , 200,000 people from Kobani and the surrounding areas fled the horror of a terror group infamous for mass execution , beheadings and crucifixion . The exodus brought mothers cradling babies sucking on pacifiers and fathers bowing under the weight of belongings wrapped in bed sheets to Turkey 's already strained border . The international media , generally barred from access by the restrictions of President Bashar al Assad 's government , captured every frame . Television crews perched on Kurdish hilltops broadcast live skirmishes between Kurdish forces and masked ISIS militants just a few hundred kilometers away from the border . "  I used my camera as an instrument to hold my distance from the reality of what was happening , so I would n't feel 100 % in the situation , " Temir says . "  There was constant distraction and demolishment . Even the best things that happened destroyed homes and people . " The "  best things " were U.S.-led coalition airstrikes that successfully reversed ISIS ' advance on the town and deterred the expansion of the group 's so-called Islamic caliphate , which stretches from north-central Syria to Iraq 's Falluja . As Turkey 's Kurdish community buried more of its soldiers and struggled to feed thousands of homeless families , the smoke and flash of American warplanes bombing jihadis proved an outlet for the ethnic group 's seething anger . "  When you are really close to the war but you are still somewhat safe in your own country , and you see bombs dropping down and people dying and other people applauding this , you can tell this is war tourism . " Temir says of the Kurds gathered to cheer the aerial campaign . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The fight for Kobani is just one chapter in a war the United Nations calls "  the biggest humanitarian emergency of our era , " but the episode features all the facets of the savage conflict that has claimed the lives of more than a 190,000 people and left an entire generation hollow . "  I am not doing this for fame or money or any earthly reason . First I need to satisfy my own sense of being as human and my connectedness to all humanity , " Temir says , "  Second I want to provoke a sense of curiosity in people , so they may act on it . " Furkan Temir is a Turkish photographer based in Istanbul . You can follow him on Facebook .	Photographer Furkan Temir spent 17 days immersed in refugee camps on the Turkish border Temir brought a sleeping bag , a Canon 6D camera , and some spare change to the camps
CNN  -- The Guinness World Records Book 2011 lists the CBS soap opera "  The Bold and The Beautiful " as the "  most popular soap opera -- current " for its success not only at home , but abroad . The show can be seen in more than 110 countries and garnered 24.5 million viewers across the globe in 2008 , making it more watched than any other telenovela or soap opera on television , according to Guinness . Too bad daytime dramas are n't doing as well in the United States . As fans mourn the impending loss of long-running soap operas "  All My Children " and "  One Life to Live , " such dramas in other countries and in other languages are thriving . In Ireland , fans are closely following the trials and tribulations of the Bishops on "  Fair City , " while there 's plenty of drama being stirred up in Munich on the popular German soap , "  Lindenstrae . " Audiences in the United Kingdom have been enthralled with "  EastEnders " since it debuted in 1985 and the Dutch get their soapy fix with "  Goede Tijden , Slechte Tijden , " or "  Good Times , Bad Times . " "  Home and Away " in Australia offers plenty of crickey , hard-bodied , soapy action while the Belgians enjoy "  Thuis "  "  At Home "  . Even in America , the Hispanic telenovelas are racking up ratings that most soaps would envy . Sam Ford , co-editor of the book "  The Survival of Soap Opera , " said part of the issue could be a matter of timing . "  Soap operas are considered part of daytime  TV  here and they are considered part of prime time  TV  in many other areas , " he said . "  When U.S. soaps air elsewhere , when British and Australian soaps air and when telenovelas air , a good portion of them air at night and they do n't necessarily have some of the same stigmas of daytime programming in the U.S. " Despite their vaunted place in American television history , soaps have not always received the praise or recognition of their night time counterparts . Many of the original television soap operas began as radio programs which made the leap to the small screen in the 1950s and 1960s when the country had a very different landscape . Advertisers rushed to get onboard with the hopes of snagging the interest -- and dollars -- of the stay-at-home mothers who watched the programs . By the 1980s , the shows experienced a pop culture revival with the help of characters like Luke and Laura on "  General Hospital " and gave several major stars their first break in the business . According to The Guardian , when Luke and Laura married in 1981 , 14 million viewers tuned in to watch , while now the soap averages an audience between 2.5 to 3 million . But the long-running nature of the soaps , where fans can literally check back in years later and catch right up , is not playing as well with today 's viewers . Lynn Leahey , editor of Soap Opera Digest , told The Guardian that shifting viewer demographics are to blame . "  Women are not at home in the same numbers they used to be , " she said . "  Mothers used to pass the soap-watching bug on to their daughters -- that just does n't happen now . " Instead , today 's soaps are competing with the drama of reality television shows and the time suck that can be social networking . That craving for a storyline is still there and Peter Tinoco , president and chief executive officer of Venevision Productions , said telenovela audiences enjoy that weaving of a tale . "  There is a difference between our telenovela and the soap operas in the United States , " he said . "  The soap operas in the United States are ongoing while our telenovelas are like if you were reading a book which has a beginning and an ending and through it people try to live the life of the protagonist . I think the success is in having a beginning and an ending because people do n't get tired of watching something . " Tinoco 's company is the producer of the telenovela , "  Eva Luna , " which is the highest-rated domestically produced telenovela . The show recently presented its grand finale on the Univision network which drew more than 9.7 million viewers , according to Nielsen data . "  Eva Luna " also did gangbusters in Latin American countries , Tinoco said , a testament to the cultural importance of such shows in the Hispanic community . The history of the telenovela began decades ago , Tinoco said , with illustrators producing comic book-style pamphlets of operas and plays that the poor population in Latin American countries could n't afford to attend . From there , telenovelas share a history with soaps in that the stories morphed into radio programs and later television shows , he said . Tinoco said the popularity of telenovelas in the U.S. are a mirror of the success they have found in Latin America where every channel has multiple series . When one ends , a new one takes its place and audiences follow , he said . "  They are very basic , " he said . "  It 's a love story , even if it has a little bit of suspense or a little bit of comedy ; they always involve a love story . " Daniela Guevara , with the Hispanic marketing firm Lanza Group told CNN she understands the appeal of the telenovelas . "  I 'm not surprised to see the success because it 's something that the Hispanic community has grown up with , " she said . "  It 's part of our family , part of our life , since we 're younger , family , grandparents , parents , brothers , sisters . So I 'm not surprised . " The popularity of the telenovelas is expected to increase . According to Nielsen data "  by 2050 , Hispanics are projected to account for more than 30 % of the U.S. population " and that number will be reflected in the ratings . "  The Hispanic consumer represents the greatest potential for sustained growth in the U.S. today , " said a recent Nielsen report titled "  What You Think You Know vs. What You Need to Know about U.S. Hispanics and Media . " "  At the current rate of expansion , Hispanics will drive population growth and , in turn , consumption in America for the next generation . " So while the future looks brighter for telenovelas , soap operas appear to be in their winter of discontent . Soap actor Tristan Rogers said in Sam Ford 's book that the shows , which now are down to only four left out of 20 in years past , are on their way out . "  This is not a genre that will be around in another 50 years , " Rogers said . "  In many respects , it is n't necessary . They have made their mark , and almost every type of medium owes something to the way the soaps have been put together , whether they want to admit it or not . " Editor Ford , who has written about the demise of American soaps for Fast Company , said whether or not American soaps are headed for extinction in the short term remains to be seen . "  Ultimately that will be up to the networks and the advertisers , " he said . "  There are four  soap operas  still on the air in the U.S. and that 's 20 hours week . There are plenty of other genres on TV that do n't have that much programming . " CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report	American soap operas often pull larger audiences abroad Soaps across the globe are also enjoying popularity Telenovelas are hot right now in the U.S. and pulling in big ratings
Washington  CNN  -- A federal budget compromise that already passed the House cleared a key procedural hurdle on Tuesday in the Senate , increasing the likelihood it will win final Congressional approval this week . President Barack Obama has signaled his support for the plan worked out by the budget committee leaders in each chamber that would guide government spending into 2015 to defuse the chances of another shutdown such as the one that took place in October . Tuesday 's vote overcame a Republican filibuster attempt that required 60 votes in the 100-member chamber to proceed on the budget measure . The count was 67-33 , with a dozen Republicans joining the 55 Democrats and independents in support of the plan . 5 ways Senate could mess it up Final approval in the Senate requires a simple majority of 51 votes . The budget plan easily passed the House last week on a 332-94 vote . GOP concerns The politics of the issue were clear in Tuesday 's vote breakdown . Only one Republican Senator facing a primary challenge in their re-election campaigns voted with Democrats to overcome the GOP filibuster -- Lamar Alexander of Tennessee . Alexander has indicated he will oppose the budget plan in the final vote later this week . A new ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday showed 50 % of respondents approving of the budget plan while 35 % opposed it . According to the survey , a majority of Democrats and independents backed the proposal , while only 39 % of Republicans liked it . Some Senate Republicans said before Tuesday 's vote that the most important thing for now was to lower the budget deficit , even if only by a small percentage , and prevent further government shutdowns like the 16-day stoppage in October that proved politically damaging to the GOP . Sen. Ron Johnson , who was lobbied to support the bill negotiated by fellow Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan , said he wanted "  to make sure we avoid any additional government shutdowns . " "  The federal government does enough harm to our economy , " Johnson said . "  We do n't need to add additional harm by this crisis management . In the end this is not the kind of deal I would want to see . I 'm sure it 's not the kind of deal Paul Ryan would want to produce . " Conservative GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement that "  sometimes the answer has to be yes . " "  Ultimately , his agreement upholds the principles conservatives stand for and , with Democrats controlling the White House and the Senate , it is the best we can hope for , " he said of the plan Ryan negotiated with Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington . CNN vote count : Budget deal nearing Senate approval , but not there yet Final congressional approval of the elusive budget agreement would mark a rare win for bipartisanship and a step up for a Congress infected with political dysfunction and held in low public esteem with midterm elections less than a year off . Democrats wary , too While Democrats supported the bill , many had concerns . More liberal senators -- like Tom Harkin of Iowa -- complained that an unemployment benefit extension was not included in the deal . "  There 's over a million people now who can not find a job , out of work , and right at this time of year their unemployment insurance is being cut off , " Harkin told Radio Iowa last week . "  It 's really unconscionable . " Poll : Congress neck-and-neck with car salespeople , lobbyists for least honest Budget deal The budget agreement , which was months in the making , eases spending caps for the next two fiscal years while softening the impact of across-the-board spending cuts , known as the sequester , on defense and non-defense programs . Overall , it calls for more than $ 20 billion in deficit reduction . Current federal spending expires in mid-January , raising the possibility of another shutdown at that time if there 's not a new agreement in place to keep federal coffers filled . The strong vote in the House on the budget plan on Thursday brought a collective sigh of relief among supporters , who initially thought it would sail through the Senate , where bipartisanship has been more the norm than in the sharply divided House . Do n't expect Boehner to totally change his tune But after reading details of the agreement , many Senate Republicans -- including several in leadership positions -- came out against the bill . "  I 'd really like to stay within the  spending  caps , " complained GOP Sen. John Boozman of Arkansas . "  This busts the caps and as a result I 'll vote against it . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina complained that the plan reduces military benefits . 2016 in play Three leading tea party-backed senators with 2016 presidential aspirations -- Rand Paul of Kentucky , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Marco Rubio of Florida -- also have come out against the budget compromise for similar reasons . CNN 's Dana Bash , Paul Steinhauser and Dan Merica contributed to this story .	NEW : A new poll shows public support for the budget deal 12 Republicans join Democrats in overcoming a filibuster attempt Bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid-January The House already passed the compromise budget plan
Washington  CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , once a rising Democratic star whose political fortunes imploded over the use of campaign finances to support lavish personal spending , was sentenced to 30 months in prison on Wednesday . "  I misled the American people , " Jackson , 48 , said before U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson imposed the term , which also included an order for restitution and community service . The ex-Illinois lawmaker 's wife , Sandi , received a 12-month sentence for her role in her husband 's misuse of roughly $ 750,000 in campaign funds over several years . "  I do n't have to tell you this is a very sad day and a very difficult case , " Judge Jackson said , calling it an example of organized and joint misconduct and a violation of the public trust . "  You knew better , " she said . As the judge read her sentence , Sandi Jackson wept . Her husband smiled slightly when he received his punishment , which was less than what the government sought . The pair pleaded guilty in February to various charges -- Jackson to one count of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud , and false statements ; and his wife to filing false tax returns . After the hearing , Jackson acknowledged his failings and hoped for a renewal . "  I still , believe in the power of forgiveness . I believe in the power of redemption . Today I manned up and tried to accept responsibility for the error of my ways , " he said before climbing into a waiting vehicle . Vacations , furs and memorabilia A smooth politician and the son of a civil rights leader and one-time political heavyweight , the younger Jackson admitted to using campaign money to pay for things such as vacations , furs and Michael Jackson memorabilia . In a statement read in court , Jackson said he wanted to be held accountable for his actions and he knew what he did was wrong . He also asked the judge to not punish his wife for what he said "  was a subset of what I did . " "  I ask that my kids not suffer from my actions , " Jackson said of his two children , 9 and 13 . "  If probation is not available to my wife , give me her time . " Jackson 's lawyers reiterated that sentiment and asked the court for an 18-month sentence for Jackson and probation for his wife . "  This is not Madoff , " Reid Weingarten , Jackson 's lawyer , said in court , referring to notorious Wall Street swindler Bernie Madoff . "  There was no Ponzi scheme . " Sandi Jackson sobbed through part of her courtroom statement and said she "  put her family unit in peril " for filing false tax returns . "  I stand before you today asking for mercy , " she said . "  My heart breaks every day with the pain it 's caused my babies . I ask the court for mercy . " Prosecutors had sought a four-year sentence for Jackson and 18 months in jail and restitution of $ 168,550 for his wife . "  This is a sad day that involves a waste of talent , " prosecutor Matthew Graves said . "  They were in the top 10 percent of household earnings in the United States . There 's just no need for this kind of conduct . " Graves said that Jackson did not "  deserve credit " for his job as a congressman . "  That 's what he was paid to do , " he said . Jackson 's lawyers pointed to his record in Washington -- one they said was good -- in arguing for a lighter sentence . The judge said the sentencing guidelines were excessive and that apologies expressed appeared genuine . She also cited helpful cooperation . "  The real remorse you 've shown is palpable in this courtroom , " she said . "  There 's no question you 've suffered . Your remorse is real . " After sentencing , the judge gave the couple a few minutes to discuss who wanted to serve their sentence first . Jackson will begin his sentence around November 1 at a prison camp in Montgomery , Alabama , the judge said . Jackson requested the location . "  I ask for Alabama so I can be as far away from everybody for a while as I can be , " he said . "  I want to make it a little inconvenient for everybody to get to me . " In addition to jail time , Jackson must repay in full the money he misused , while his wife was ordered to make restitution of $ 22,000 . Jackson and his wife also were ordered to perform community service . Jackson in Congress until 2012 According to court records , Jackson misused about $ 750,000 in campaign funds from August 2005 through July 2012 . Some of the eye-popping spending included $ 60,000 at Antiques of Nevada , where Jackson bought two hats belonging to the late singer Michael Jackson costing more than $ 8,000 ; a $ 5,000 football signed by U.S. presidents ; and memorabilia involving the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , Malcolm X and martial artist Bruce Lee . The Jackson 's also use campaign funds to purchase Blu-Ray DVD players from Best Buy , dresses and jewelry from a small boutique and fur capes and parkas from a Beverly Hills , California , furrier . In total , prosecutors said Jackson made more than 3,000 purchases . Jackson served in the House of Representatives from 1995 until 2012 , when he took a medical leave of absence and never returned . He was succeeded by Democratic Rep. Robin L. Kelly , who won a special election this year to fill the vacancy in the Illinois 2nd Congressional District . Jackson 's lawyers later stated he suffers from bipolar disorder . A rising star , knows Obama Early in his political career , Jackson was considered a politician on the rise . In 1997 , Newsweek named him one of the 100 people to watch in the next century . "  He 's a hit in Congress , " read the Newsweek article . "  Will he be the first black president ? " Although Jackson never lived up to that hype , he was an extremely vocal supporter of then-candidate Barack Obama . "  I 'm sure that Dr. King is looking down on us here in Denver noting this is the first political convention in history to take place within sight of a mountaintop , " Jackson said in 2008 , referencing the Rev. Martin Luther King 's famous speech , "  I 've Been to the Mountaintop . " "  I know Barack Obama , " Jackson said . "  I 've seen his leadership at work . I 've seen the difference he has made in the lives of people across Illinois . " Outside the courtroom , Jackson Sr. told reporters that his son was "  unbelievably sick " a year ago , but is now doing better . "  I do n't know how I missed so many signs , " the elder Jackson said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Athena Jones , and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Former congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. sentenced to 30 months in prison Jackson and his wife misspent about $ 750,000 in campaign funds to finance lavish living NEW : Jackson Jr. pleaded guilty to several charges ; says be believes in "  power of redemption " His wife pleaded guilty to filing false tax returns ; She gets a year in jail ; weeps at sentencing
CNN  -- Gasoline prices set a record for the 16th consecutive day Wednesday . A gallon of gas cost an average of $ 3.62 , according to AAA , and much more in some markets . Shell Oil Co. . President John Hofmeister says a boost in U.S. production would startle the world market . All three presidential candidates have weighed in on the issue , and President Bush on Tuesday addressed it during a news conference . John Hofmeister , president of Shell Oil Co. , the U.S. division of Royal Dutch Shell , addressed rising gasoline prices during an interview Wednesday with John Roberts on CNN 's "  American Morning . " ROBERTS : What do you say to people who are in this budget crunch of trying to fill up the family car ? HOFMEISTER : I say we need more gas to be produced in this country . I 've been saying that for three years , ever since I took this position -LSB- as president of Shell -RSB- . If the U.S. set a goal to produce 2 to 3 million barrels more a day in this country , we would send a shock around the world that would immediately say to the speculators , hey , U.S. is serious . President -LSB- Bush -RSB- said something yesterday about this . I did n't hear him , but I think that 's good news . But we should set a specific target . The presidential candidates should be out there on the postings saying let 's increase domestic production by 2 to 3 million barrels a day . That would be something that would put money back into this country , jobs back into this country , and it would bring more supply toward the Americans who need it . ROBERTS : The president is advocating more drilling on U.S. territory . Is n't it true that globally we 're starting to reach a peak in production and that within maybe a decade or two oil production will begin to decrease ? HOFMEISTER : Well , I think there is some argument -LSB- that -RSB- with convenient , easy oil we will peak sometime in the next decade . I think Shell sees that coming , but in terms of total oil supply to the world , we 're a long way from reaching peak oil because it does n't take into account unconventional oil . I think the president brings up a good point in that we could , we have the available domestic supplies off the coast of Alaska as well as -LSB- the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge -RSB- . Shell has won $ 2 billion worth of high bids for the Chukchi Sea -- that 's a few years off before we could begin production . But let 's remember there 's more than 100 billion barrels of untouched oil and gas in this country that is subject to a 30-year moratorium . Now , there 's only one body in this country that can set a 30-year moratorium , and that 's the U.S. government . ROBERTS : Sen. Hillary Clinton wants to slap you with a 50 percent tax on what she calls windfall profit , profit above a certain level . Is that a good idea ? HOFMEISTER : Look at our revenues and our income for the last quarter . If we had made $ 7.8 million on $ 114 million of revenue , nobody would call that excessive , because that 's 7 1/2 percent . We made $ 7.8 billion profit on $ 114 billion revenue -- same 7 1/2 percent . So to me that is not an excessive number when banks and pharmaceuticals and IT companies earn a whole lot more . Watch Hofmeister defend Shell 's profits " ROBERTS : Would it hurt you if she put in place this tax on the windfall profits ? HOFMEISTER : Sure it would . It would slow down investment . Taxing the oil companies was tried in the '80s . It drove us to do imports , which is exactly the problem we have today . ROBERTS : Where is the top of all this ? How high can the price of a barrel of oil go ? How high will the cost of a gallon of gasoline go ? HOFMEISTER : I heard somebody say the other day it 's as long as a piece of string . We do n't know . ROBERTS : The president of OPEC said $ 200 a barrel . HOFMEISTER : Yeah , well , there are some countries out there subsidizing the cost of their energy to their consumers and industries to compete with America -- or against America -- because they think America wo n't solve the problem . ROBERTS : You 're saying you have no idea where the top is . HOFMEISTER : We do n't know . But we should produce more oil in this country . E-mail to a friend	U.S. should produce 2 million to 3 million more barrels a day , says John Hofmeister Plenty of oil waiting to be drilled by unconventional means , he says Shell 's $ 7.8 billion profit not excessive , company president says Executive says he ca n't predict how high price of oil will go
CNN  -- Neil Armstrong , the first man to walk on the moon , was honored Thursday at Washington National Cathedral in a memorial rife with mentions of heaven and earth . Hundreds of mourners , including Armstrong 's family and fellow astronauts , packed the massive house of worship for a public "  celebration of  Armstrong 's  life , " three weeks after he died on August 25 at age 82 . The cathedral 's interim dean , the Rev. Dr. Francis H. Wade , called the ceremony an opportunity to "  give thanks for a life well-lived and service nobly rendered . " Neil Armstrong , a hero who shunned fame Armstrong earned his renown commanding the Apollo 11 space mission and landing on the moon on July 20 , 1969 , when he was 38 . "  Neil will always be remembered for taking humankind 's first small step on a world beyond our own . But it was courage , grace , and humility he displayed throughout his life that lifted him above the stars , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said at the service , about an hour before he presented Armstrong 's family with the American flag that flew over Johnson Space Center on the day the space pioneer died . Bolden did n't speak just on behalf of himself and NASA . The space agency chief also relayed portions of a letter President Obama wrote to the Armstrong family , which read , in part , "  Future generations will draw inspiration from his spirit of discovery , humble composure , and pioneering leadership , in setting a bold new course for space exploration . The imprint he left on the surface of the moon , and the story of human history , is matched only by the extraordinary mark he left on the hearts of all Americans . " Alternating between musical and prayer interludes , luminary after luminary described Armstrong as an extraordinary man who had performed extraordinary deeds , yet retained his humility and tried to diffuse the credit and fame he received among thousands of other NASA engineers , scientists , technicians and fellow astronauts . Retired Navy Capt. Eugene Cernan was the last man to walk on the moon , in December 1972 , when he commanded the Apollo 17 mission . He paid homage to the founding member of his exclusive fraternity . "  He understood the immensity of what he had done . Yet Neil was always willing to give of himself , " Cernan said , later adding , "  No one could have accepted the responsibility of his remarkable accomplishment with more dignity and more grace than Neil Armstrong . He embodied all that is good and all that is great about America . " Treasury Secretary John Snow , a friend of Armstrong 's , called him "  the most reluctant of heroes . " "  With his uncommon humility and grace , Neil captured the very best of the American character and put it on display for the world to see , " he said . Armstrong 's one small step resonated for all mankind CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this reoprt	NEW : NASA gives Armstrong 's family an American flag from Johnson Space Center Hundreds attend a memorial ceremony at Washington National Cathedral Armstrong is remembered as an extraordinary man who shared credit with many Armstrong , who became the first man to walk on the moon in 1969 , died on August 25
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Prosecutors in the Anna Nicole Smith drug trial paid rent , utilities and moving expenses so a key witness could testify this week , according to testimony Wednesday . Smith 's former nanny said the government also picked up the tab for eight family members to travel with her from the Bahamas to Los Angeles , California , for the trial . Quethelie Alexie and her sister-in-law , Nadine Alexie , both testified in the sixth week of the trial of Smith 's boyfriend-lawyer Howard K. Stern and Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor . They are accused of a conspiracy to provide drugs to an addict and using false names on prescriptions for Smith . Both women worked for Smith in the Bahamas for several months after the birth of her daughter in September 2006 . They were fired two months before Smith died in a Florida hotel in February 2007 . "  I left Anna in a bad condition , " Quethelie Alexie said . The Haitian native spoke in Creole through an interpreter . While her testimony was intended to give jurors details of Smith 's drug use in the wake of her son 's death , a key part of it was stricken from the record . Judge Robert Perry ordered the jury to ignore it after she varied from what she said earlier during a preview for the judge . The defense also worked to cast doubt in jurors ' minds by questioning Quethelie Alexie about the financial arrangements she made with prosecutors before she agreed to testify . Quethelie Alexie said she told prosecutors she and her sister-in-law would only travel to the United States if they could bring their six children and Nadine Alexie 's husband . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office is paying for their travel and hotel expenses . She told prosecutors when she arrived in Los Angeles on Sunday that she needed additional financial help to pay her rent and utilities for her home back in the Bahamas , she said . "  I knew I had all of my things to pay , and I did n't know how to do it , " Quethelie Alexie testified . The government will also help her relocate to a new home because she is afraid for her safety after her testimony , she said . She testified that she was in fear because a police officer in the Bahamas once threatened her . "  My life is going to be in trouble now , " Quethelie Alexie said . The two women are expected to continue their testimony when court resumes Friday .	The prosecutors agreed to pay rent and utilities for Smith 's former nanny The witness insisted she bring her family to Los Angeles at taxpayer expense Smith 's boyfriend-lawyer and two doctors are on trial
CNN  -- Virginia is adding a drug used in a controversial Ohio execution to its roster of chemicals for lethal injections over the objections of the drug 's manufacturer . The state Department of Corrections announced Thursday that it would have the sedative midazolam available as an alternate drug for lethal injections . Midazolam was one of two drugs used in the January execution of Ohio convict Dennis McGuire , who was put to death for the rape and murder of a 22-year-old woman in 1994 . Like many U.S. states , Virginia has been forced to find new drugs to use on condemned prisoners after European-based manufacturers banned American prisons from using their drugs in capital punishment . McGuire 's lawyers argued that the drug would bring on an agonizing , suffocating death , and witnesses said the condemned convict appeared to be gasping for air for more than 10 minutes after receiving his injection . The Illinois-based pharmaceutical company Hospira , which manufactures midazolam , says it opposes the use of its products in lethal injections and no longer sells it to prison hospitals . "  However , due to the complex supply chain and the gray market in the United States , despite our efforts , Hospira can not guarantee that a U.S. prison could not secure restricted products through other channels not under Hospira 's control , " the company says in a statement on its website . According to the website for the Death Penalty Information Center , Virginia uses a three-drug protocol , which involves drugs that have different effects on the body .	Virginia says it will use the sedative midazolam as a drug for lethal injections The same drug was used in a controversial Ohio execution in January The drug 's manufacturer says it objects to its use in capital punishment
CNN  -- Thirty-five Nigerian policemen are missing following an insurgent attack Saturday on a police training school in one of the most volatile parts of the African nation , police said . A search-and-rescue effort has been launched after the third attack this month the Gwoza Training camp in Borno State , according to a statement posted online by the Nigeria Police Force . It was not immediately clear whether anyone had claimed responsibility . Afterward , the force 's Inspector-General Suleiman Abba ordered that security be tightened around all police facilities in the country . It 's not known what happened to the missing officers , though the police force statement did say there is a "  very promising prospect of locating them . " "  While enjoining all citizens to remain calm and join hands with the security forces in the collective fight against insurgency , the IGP restates his determination to work closely with other security agencies to stem the tide of terrorism in the country , " added the police in their statement out of Abuja , Nigeria 's capital . Nigeria has been beset by violence for some time , particularly in the northeastern states of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa . Much of it has blamed on the Islamist militant group Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike .	Police : Insurgents attack a police training school in Borno for the third time this month A search-and-rescue effort is launched for the 35 policemen Northeast Nigeria has been beset by violence
CNN  -- "  American Idol " returns this week with not a single original judge at the table , new possible contestants and some changes to the format . Have we lost you already ? There was a time when a new season of "  Idol " would send fans into a frenzy , especially with the addition of new judges . This season will see the return of former judge Jennifer Lopez , along with last season 's judge Keith Urban and newcomer Harry Connick Jr. . Original judge Randy Jackson will this season serve as a mentor . The show will be back with heavy competition from NBC 's "  The Voice , " which for the first time last year beat "  Idol " in the ratings on a Thursday night . But even while the show , which for years has been a juggernaut in the ratings for Fox , has slid in terms of viewers for the past year , it is still a force to be reckoned with in TV land . "  I do n't think ` The Voice ' is more popular than our show , " "  Idol " producer Trish Kinane reportedly said at the recent Television Critics Association winter press tour . "  If you look at the ratings , ` American Idol ' still beat it . But having said that , ` Idol ' is the gold standard . It is the original format . " Kinane added that she thought there was room for both shows . In addition to the reboot of judges , the show has also made some other tweeks , The Hollywood Reporter quotes Kinane as saying . "  We made a lot of small changes , " she said . "  We did n't want to do anything radical . We went back and examined every single element of the show , from the talent search to the finale . ... It 's still ` American Idol . ' It 's a million tiny decisions that I think has made for a fresher whole . " Some are looking to new kid on the block , Connick , to help revitalize the show . The singer told E! News that he will be honest , but kind . "  I watched the show when they were calling people names and making fun of them , " Connick said . "  I do n't do that . It 's uncomfortable . " The reality singing competition has suffered from quite a few complaints from the poor performance of the male contestants last year to the lack of producing chart-topping artists in recent years . According to a Forbes ranking , Carrie Underwood was the top money-making "  Idol " winner last year . The country artist / "  Sound of Music " actress raked in $ 31 million last year and has pulled in $ 83 million over the past few years . Kelly Clarkson was second on the list , with earnings of $ 7 million . Season 13 of "  American Idol " returns Wednesday night on Fox .	"  American Idol " returns Wednesday The shows ratings have been slipping Producer says it 's as popular as "  The Voice "
The Malaysian-registered tanker Zafirah was exactly the kind of ship pirates love . Slow , unguarded and steaming in the waters off Con Son Island near Vietnam as it labored under its cargo of 320 tons of marine gas oil  MGO  , its low freeboard -- the distance between its deck and the water -- offered an open target . Most likely operating from a creaky pursuit skiff with an over-powered engine , 11 pirates armed with machetes , long knives and pistols easily boarded the tanker on November 20 last year . The nine crew of the Zafirah -- five Myanmar nationals and four Indonesians -- were forced into two life rafts , lowered into the water and left to their fate . Next the pirates worked feverishly to change the identity of the vessel . The ship 's name was painted over on the stern and changed to MT Seahorse and the IMO  International Maritime Organization  number assigned to the hull altered . With a new identity , the Sarawak-bound tanker changed direction ; steaming towards what was likely a ready buyer for the tanker and its cargo . Fortunately for the owners and crew of the Zafirah , good regional cooperation and information sharing led to the rescue of the crew and , after a 50-minute stand off with Vietnam 's Marine Police , the recovery of the vessel and the arrest of the pirates . While piracy in Somalia in the waters off the Horn of Africa may have grabbed the headlines over the past few years , shipping industry experts say piracy is moving back to its former heartland in South East Asia . And , as fuel becomes one of shipping 's biggest expenses , pirates are targeting valuable cargoes of highly saleable and easily transferred MGO - in some cases operating on the high seas as floating pumps for below-cost stolen bunker oil that is transferred from ship to ship . "  The statistics would seem to suggest it 's on the rise in Asia , " said an industry source from a Hong Kong-based ship management company who did not want to be named . "  It 's now very dangerous for slow vessels with low freeboards to pass through piracy areas . "  A ship like the Zafirah would only have been doing 12 knots  14 mph  , and most probably even slower to save on fuel , " he said . According to the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia  ReCAAP  -- an information sharing center set up under a regional Asian agreement to combat piracy -- the high price of oil has been behind at least four pirate attacks in 2011 and 2012 where diesel or MGO fuel was siphoned . "  It is a lucrative business believed to involve syndicates who target specific tankers with MGO onboard , " ReCAAP says in its 2012 annual report on Asian piracy . "  It is believed that the culprits have access to insider information on the route taken by the tanker and possible locations where the siphoning process could be carried out . "  In incidents where the tanker was repainted , renamed and the crew abandoned onto life rafts , it appeared that there is a ready buyer for the tanker together with the cargo onboard , as in the case involving the Zafirah . " In the meantime , ship owners are prepared to pay a premium to protect ship , cargoes and crews in what has become a multi-million dollar industry for security firms and insurers . "  There are many new companies making good money providing ` hardening ' equipment for ships , " the Hong Kong-based source said . "  We need to supply shed loads of equipment for ships transiting high-risk areas in the Indian Ocean . " He said companies often need to provide camera surveillance equipment , razor wire , sandbags , bulletproof vests as well as extra provisions for the guards . "  Ship owners need to pay extra premiums for piracy or war risk areas , so for the insurance companies , it 's big money too . " Certainly some of the anti-piracy measures outlined in the shipping industry 's Best Management Practices against piracy would not be out of place in the days of Blackbeard -- the buccaneer that terrorised the Caribbean in the 18th century . Counter-piracy tactics include ringing the deck with razor wire , equipping freeboard areas with spiked fences , mesh grills on the bridge to deter RPG attacks , steam-jet nozzles and even strategic placement of dummies to make the ship appear better manned than it is . Above all , the guidelines advise ships ' captains to proceed at full speed through pirate waters , noting that no ships have been boarded when the vessel has been sailing at more than 18 knots  20 mph  . Some ships operating in Somali waters have even resorted to ` citadels ' ; safe rooms where the crew can barricade themselves into a ship that has already been boarded by pirates . Nevertheless , committed pirates hell bent on capturing valuable hostages have been known to take plastic explosives onto vessels to breach citadels , drill through bulkheads to pour in petrol or shoot at the doors indiscriminately and the industry is still divided on whether citadels are a safe haven or a death trap . While Asian waters have yet to reach the warzone status of the Horn of Africa , the numbers are showing a worrying return of piracy to the South China Seas and the Indian Ocean . According to statistics from the International Chamber of Commerce International Maritime Bureau , there have been 22 attacks in 2013 of which nine took place in waters around South East Asia . Due to increased policing , Somalia has registered just one incident this year but pirates in the African country still hold a total of seven captured vessels and ransoms for 113 hostages are still being negotiated . While Asian attacks tend to be of a less serious nature -- ranging from petty thefts of engine parts to large-scale thefts of valuable cargoes -- the maritime industry says ship owners , faced with increasing costs and lower revenues due to the global financial crisis , have cut the size of crews and in some cases their wages , a situation that leaves the door open to piracy . "  Sometimes it 's suspected that these small robberies are even carried out by the crew who sell the supplies to boost their low salaries and later put the blame on pirates , " the Hong Kong-based shipper said .	Sea piracy in the waters of South East Asia on the increase Pirates target ships for increasingly valuable cargoes of fuel Anti-piracy groups say organized syndicates are behind the attacks Nine out of 22 pirate attacks this year occurred in South East Asian waters
Manila , the Philippines  CNN  -- After four countries , three formal state dinners , two speeches to American troops and one encounter with a menacing humanoid robot , President Barack Obama flies home Tuesday having completed his long-awaited trip to Asia . The goals for the visit were ambitious : reassure allies the United States remains committed to a "  pivot to Asia , " secure new deals to expand trade , and send a message to China that the United States has its allies ' backs in territorial disputes . Some of those goals were met ; others less so . Here are five takeaways from Obama 's trip to Asia : 1 . China , China , China Obama came to Asia to bolster ties with Japan , South Korea , Malaysia and the Philippines . But his stops in all four countries all seemed designed , in part , to send a message to China : "  We 're on their side . " While Obama and his aides have been quick to dispel the notion this week 's trip amounted to a "  containment tour , " the President 's announcements throughout his visit -- mostly military in nature -- made clear the White House knew Beijing was watching closely . Before Obama even landed in Tokyo he 'd taken Japan 's side in its bitter spat with China over a set of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea -- suggesting the United States would lend support to Japan should the squabble escalate militarily . Obama begins Asia tour with reassurance to Japan A week later , the White House announced the United States and the Philippines would enter into a new defense pact that allows for more American troops in Southeast Asia -- interpreted by China as an attempt to balance its own presence in a region where land and water are in constant dispute . Obama denied that was the intention of the agreement . "  Our goal is not to counter China , our goal is not to contain China , " he said in Manila . But more troops in the region will undoubtedly be some deterrent against any Chinese incursion into contested waters . For the first time since the 1990s , when American bases were closed in the Philippines , the United States will have a substantial military footprint there . And that 's no accident , say experts who predict the next major world crisis will unfold off of China 's coast . "  This is a region that 's going to be on the boil for years and years to come , " said Robert Kaplan , the chief geopolitical analyst for Stradfor , on CNN this week . "  Seas crowded with warships , submarines , merchant shipping , fifth generation fighter jets -- that can easily create incidents that in turn could enable a crisis . " That 's exactly the kind of crisis Obama wants to prevent through greater U.S. attention to China 's neighbors . In Seoul the President said China "  has to abide by certain norms " when it comes to its quarrels with neighbors . 2 . Trade a tougher sell Obama 's promise of greater U.S. military cooperation in Asia was largely welcomed in the countries he visited . Less so was his pitch for new trade agreements , which sputtered in Japan in the midst of domestic political challenges for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . CNNMoney : Obama fails to secure breakthrough in Japan trade talks The Trans Pacific Partnership would ease business ties between the United States and Asian partners -- a goal Obama claims would create jobs for both sides while opening up new markets for U.S. firms . After several rounds of negotiations , Obama had hoped to be able to announce an agreement with Japan during his stop in Tokyo . That proved impossible as talks stalled amid Japanese concerns over agricultural protections for beef and rice . The two sides scrambled to produce evidence of progress , working right up until Obama was about to depart Japan to provide a positive update on the talks . Even then , the White House was only able to say the two sides had "  identified a path forward " in the negotiations -- without specifying where the two sides were coming into agreement . "  There are still negotiations to be had . There are details to be worked out , " said a senior administration official , adding the two sides had agreed only on "  parameters " for the deal . It was a disappointing result for the first stop of Obama 's Asia trip , though his own domestic politics -- including resistance to new trade deals from Democrats in Congress -- would have made any new deal a tough sell . That political opposition makes it all but impossible for Obama to see a new trade deal through Congress before the 2014 midterm elections . 3 . Did Obama get his pivot ? It would be hard to argue Obama was n't making good on his vow to refocus his foreign policy toward Asia this week -- after a canceled trip and crises in other parts of the world , at least he made it to the continent . But the question remains whether the focus can be sustained . Even as he toured Asian capitals and touted cooperation between nations , another international crises -- in this case , Ukraine -- ended up producing the biggest headlines this week when Obama announced more sanctions on Russia on Monday . Putin 's inner circle hit by new U.S. sanctions In the coming months , the administration hopes to hammer out a final agreement on Iran 's nuclear program , rid Syria of its chemical weapons , and revive Mideast peace talks -- all issues that have overshadowed the Asia pivot in the past . Is the U.S. losing its ability to sway allies ? Netanyahu : No peace talks if Abbas is backed by Hamas The administration has bristled at the notion it can only focus on one issue at a time -- as Evan Medeiros , Obama 's senior director for Asian Affairs , said before this week 's trip , "  We can walk and chew gum at the same time . " But as Obama has discovered , distractions at home and abroad can gum up even the best laid foreign policy platform . Political chatter : Sanctions , Netanyahu 's red line His lack of action in Syria , for example , ended up causing heartburn for Asian allies worried the United States would n't back them if China crossed a so-called "  red line . " The unfolding situation in Ukraine -- which Obama has explicitly said wo n't involve a U.S. military solution -- has Asian allies similarly wary . During his final stop in Asia , Obama fiercely defended his foreign policy choices , arguing that his decisions to avoid military force should n't be viewed by Americans -- or allies -- as weak . "  Why is it that everybody is so eager to use military force after we 've just gone through a decade of war at enormous costs to our troops and to our budget ? " he asked in the Philippines . "  And what is it exactly that these critics think would have been accomplished ? " "  We hit singles , we hit doubles , every once in a while we may be able to hit a home run , " he added later . "  But we steadily advance the interests of the American people and our partnerships with folks around the world . " 4 . ` Consoler-in-chief ' travels Obama 's short stays in South Korea and Malaysia came at dark times for both nations , still reeling from major transportation disasters that have many questioning each government 's response . As he often does at home , Obama acted as "  consoler-in-chief , " offering support to victims ' families during pauses from policy and diplomatic demands . But he avoided taking a stance on how each nation was responding to its crisis -- even as shakeups in leadership ranks were brewing . In South Korea , Obama presented the country 's president with a framed American flag that was flown over the White House the same day of the tragic ferry accident that left -- at latest count -- nearly 200 dead . The accident has prompted widespread grief in the country , as well as anger at the government 's response . At his next stop , in Malaysia , Obama confronted yet another disaster , this time the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Like in Seoul , Obama expressed his condolences to victims ' family members -- but avoided wading into the controversy surrounding the government 's response . Officials have come under withering criticism from China , where a majority of the passengers hailed , accused of botching the search and keeping family members in the dark . 5 . People to people In Asia , Obama 's chief success on paper was the military agreement with the Philippines -- a pact carefully hammered out by legions of government negotiators over months . But Obama 's calibrated attempts to reach out to people at a personal level also play into his long-term goal of more closely aligning the United States and Asia . As he does in nearly every foreign country he visits , Obama stopped at schools and youth centers to meet people going about their lives -- and offer them at least a small glimpse at the man whose job is leader of the free world . Nowhere was that more evident than Malaysia , a country the United States hopes will become a firm ally in Southeast Asia . His stop there , the first by a U.S. president in decades , comes after an economic growth spurt and renewed -- though still cautious -- desire for ties with the United States . With that in mind , Obama took questions for more than an hour from a diverse group of students at the University of Malaya , fielding queries on his younger self , his family , his successes , and his failings . When asked about his biggest regret , Obama did n't offer political misgivings or wishes for foreign policy do-overs . He told the crowd he wished he had spent more time with his mom before her death . "  I realized that I did n't -- every single day , or at least more often -- just spend time with her and find out what she was thinking and what she was doing , because she had been such an important part of my life , " he said . It was a rare look into Obama 's inner workings , offered not at home but abroad . And if Malaysians walked into the forum regarding Obama only as a foreign leader , they left with a sense of someone struggling with the same human conundrums as anyone else -- perhaps making the gap between nations somehow smaller . "  Our strategy is more than just security alliances or trade agreements , " Obama said at the forum . "  It 's also about building genuine relationships between the peoples of Asia and the peoples of the United States . " 5 takeaways from Obama 's Philippines news conference 5 takeaways from Obama 's Seoul news conference Obama leaves Japan after defending foreign policy Obama begins Asia trip with ` the best sushi I 've ever had '	His stops all seemed designed , in part , to send a message to China Trade was a tough well for him Other issues have overshadowed the Asia pivot
CNN  -- The president of soccer 's global governing body has urged the Israeli Football Association  IFA  to intervene in the case of a hunger striking Palestinian footballer . FIFA president Sepp Blatter "  expressed grave concern " regarding the incarceration of members of the Palestine team in Israel , including Mahmoud Sarsak who is on hunger strike . "  The reports FIFA received state that in apparent violation of their integrity and human rights and without the apparent right of a due process  trial  , several Palestine football players have allegedly been illegally detained by Israeli authorities , " read a statement on the organization 's website . "  FIFA urgently calls on IFA to draw the attention of the Israeli competent authorities to the present matter , with the aim of ensuring the physical integrity of the concerned players as well as their right for due process . " The global organization which represents professional footballers FIFPro has called for the immediate release of Sarsak , who has been imprisoned since being arrested at a checkpoint while attempting to enter the West Bank in June 2009 . . "  FIFPro , the voice of all professional footballers in the world , demands that Mahmoud Sarsak be released from prison , " said the release on FIFPro 's website . "  The 25-year-old footballer has not eaten for 85 days and has lost approximately thirty kilos in weight . According to human rights organization Addameer the situation of Mahmoud is critical . "  FIFPro is deeply concerned about Sarsak 's health and about his imprisonment and therefore asks for his release from jail . " FIFPro 's vice-president Philippe Piat described Sarsak 's situation as an "  injustice . " "  The freedom of movement is a fundamental right of every citizen , " said Piat . "  It is also written down in the FIFA Regulations that players must be allowed to play for the national team of their country . "  But actually for some footballers it is impossible to defend the colors of their country . They can not cross the border . They can not visit their family . They are locked up . " The Israeli Embassy in London was not immediately available for comment .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter calls for IFA to act on imprisoned Palestine players Mahmoud Sarsak has been in jail in Israel since June 2009 Sarsak has been on hunger strike in protest against his continued incarceration FIFPro calls the situation an "  injustice " and call for Sarsak 's release
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf has returned to the political stage in Pakistan , which he describes as a "  demoralized " nation that needs an injection of vigor and leadership . Once one of the United States ' strongest allies in the fight against terror , Musharraf on Friday launched a new political party in Pakistan as an alternative to an administration he says is now beset with serious problems . He cites widespread devastation caused by the spring flooding , a nose-diving economy , and a persistent extremist element , and said the current administration , which he calls corrupt , has n't met those challenges . "  This is about leading , about support of the people and that 's my strength , " Musharraf said in a Connect the World interview with CNN 's Becky Anderson . It is to be aired Friday . "  I do n't see a political party out there now that is capable of bringing light back in the country . We need a new political culture that shuns dynasty politics , " he says , saying that he wants a greater presence of women and minorities participating in the body politic . Musharraf resigned in 2008 as Pakistan 's ruling coalition began taking steps to impeach him , and Asif Zardari , the widower of assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , succeeded him . The former president said he has "  strong pockets " of support and there is a "  huge clamor " for his return . He said his Facebook page has more than 300,000 followers and he has raised $ 3 million for flood relief , and wants to attract the many people who do n't vote to give him support . In fact , he contrasts what he says is the current administration 's inadequate flood response to what he says was his proper reaction to earthquakes in Pakistan several years ago . "  We turned challenge into opportunity but they have n't done this , " Musharraf said . One of the issues in Pakistan is the war in neighboring Afghanistan and the fight against militants in northwestern Pakistan who have been involved in the Afghan insurgency . Since the Obama administration entered office in the United States , drone strikes against militant targets in Pakistan have ramped up . Musharraf says he does n't support drone strikes by foreign forces , but does back such actions by Pakistani troops .	Musharraf says he has "  strong pockets " of support He slams current administration 's flood response Musharraf cites "  huge clamor " for his return
CNN  -- Witnessing the gruesome devastation of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan in August 1945 -- 68 years ago this week -- the physicists who worked on the Manhattan Project were aghast at the scale of damage their work had wrought . Both cities were obliterated and several tens of thousands of people died instantly . Soon after those atom bombs were dropped , the press , with information scarce , chased after an Austrian physicist who was instrumental in discovering nuclear fission , then working as an exile in Sweden . She was Lise Meitner , and they anointed her the "  Jewish mother of the bomb . " This was far from the truth . She was so opposed to using fission to create an atom bomb that when offered the opportunity to work on the Manhattan Project , she flatly refused . Her refusal arose from a strong revulsion : "  I will have nothing to do with a bomb . " Prescient , as she was , she foresaw the power of fission to unleash untold damage and suffering . Still , the myth persisted . Meitner was born into an enlightened Viennese Jewish family . Unusually for the time , her father strongly supported her education and interest in physics . With a doctorate in physics from the University of Vienna in 1906 , she studied under Ludwig Boltzmann and went on to work with Max Planck in Berlin . In May 1938 , working at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry in Berlin , Meitner , Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann discovered that the uranium atom could be split when bombarded by neutrons . They expected this to produce new elements heavier than uranium . At this critical juncture in their work , Meitner had to flee Hitler 's Germany , and her participation in the scientific collaboration was cut short . She ended up in Sweden . Later that year , Hahn and Strassman found a puzzling development and shared it with her -- instead of finding a heavier nucleus as one of the byproducts of fission , they detected a lighter one : barium . Meitner and her physicist nephew , Otto Frisch , solved the puzzle by figuring out that the radioactive decay of one of the unstable products of fission had produced stable barium . Meitner 's work , along with that of Hahn and Strassman , laid the groundwork for the nuclear bomb . But it was Enrico Fermi and his research group in Chicago in 1942 that made the bomb a reality , by setting up a self-sustaining chain reaction . But soon after Hiroshima and Nagasaki were flattened , the international media hounded Meitner with questions . The newspaper Stockholm Expressen ran an article headlined "  Fleeing Jewess , " which described her escape from Germany with the secret of the bomb and its handover to the Allies . According to Meitner 's recent biographer , Ruth Lewin Sime , the Fleeing Jewess myth started with an article written in 1940 for the Saturday Evening Post by William L. Laurence , the official chronicler of the Manhattan project . His dramatic piece read like a juicy spy novel -- from the genesis of the idea of fission , to Meitner 's escape from Germany , to her sharing her work with her nephew Frisch , in Copenhagen . Frisch supposedly cabled it to Niels Bohr , who in turn passed it on to scientists in America . Suddenly , the unverified 1940 story turned Lise Meitner into the "  Jewish mother of the bomb . " Not only did she not work on the bomb , she had converted in 1906 to Protestantism . The stories upset her greatly , and she set the record straight during her visit to the United States in 1946 . Speaking to Jay Walz of The New York Times , she stressed her support for the peaceful uses of atomic energy . While journalists gave her a starring role in the bomb , she was not credited with the scientific discovery of fission by the Nobel Committee , which awarded the prize to Hahn alone , in chemistry . Debate has continued on whether she was yet another of those invisible women who should have won a Nobel . She finally received recognition when President Lyndon Johnson awarded her , Hahn and Strassman the Enrico Fermi Award in 1966 , and the element with atomic number 109 was named Meitnerium in her honor in 1997 . When I met the wife of her nephew Otto Frisch at a dinner in Trinity College Cambridge 10 years ago , she talked lovingly of Lise the person and told me that her epitaph read , appropriately , "  Lise Meitner : a physicist who never lost her humanity . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Priyamvada Natarajan .	Priyamvada Natarajan : Atom bombs obliterated Nagasaki and Hiroshima in August 1945 Natarajan : Afterward , fission pioneer Lise Meinter falsely dubbed "  Mother of the Bomb " Her work laid the foundation , but she was firmly opposed to it being used for destruction Press gave Meitner a major role in the bomb , but she was overlooked for a Nobel
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The use of U.S. strike aircraft in Libya is set to expire Monday as uncertainty lingers about whether Western allies will arm opposition members trying to oust Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi . Over the weekend , fierce destruction permeated the city of Misrata , which has been choked off by pro-Gadhafi forces surrounding the city . "  We need a lot of help in Misrata . There 's so much death there , " said Mustafa Abdul Hamali , a 46-year-old taxi driver who lost half of a leg . "  I was driving in my car with my wife , and my car just blew up . I do n't know what happened . " Khalid Moteridi , a 32-year-old businessman-turned-rebel fighter , said the situation in Libya 's third-largest city has turned dire . "  It  s a tragedy by all means , " he said . "  No electricity , no food , no water . We  re trapped from all sides by the Gadhafi forces . " A doctor in Misrata told CNN government forces shelled a clinic , leaving one dead and 15 injured on Sunday . Last week , a hospital official said 398 people have been killed since the Libyan conflict began last month . He feared there were more deaths that his hospital did n't know about . Some rebels from Misrata got a bit of a reprieve Sunday , when a Turkish hospital ship picked up more than 300 of the wounded fighters . Their injuries included amputated limbs , broken bones and shrapnel wounds . The ship is destined for the Turkish port of Cesme , where the patients will receive medical attention , opposition officials said . It made a stop in the rebel capital of Benghazi to pick up more patients and supplies , and was greeted by cheering supporters of the opposition . Men wearing head bandages and eye patches waved back at the crowd . West of Benghazi , the tug-of-war for control continued in the oil town of al-Brega , which has changed hands six times in six weeks between government and opposition forces . Rebel fighters retreated east of al-Brega on Sunday , reporting an ambush , roadside mines and a need for more ammunition . Libyan rebels have been hampered by a lack of organization and training on heavy weaponry when confronting the better-trained , better-armed forces of Gadhafi , who is under investigation for alleged crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . "  We were fighting with light weapons , but they had so much more , " Moteridi said . "  Artillery , mortars , rocket-propelled grenades , anti-tank rockets -- that 's how they were fighting back . " U.S. and British officials have said they have not decided whether to arm rebel fighters . Both countries participated in airstrikes to weaken Gadhafi 's military resources before NATO officially took command of the international operation . Due to poor weather conditions in recent days , the United States approved a request by NATO to extend the use of some U.S. strike aircraft , NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said Sunday . "  This is a short-term extension , which expires on Monday , " Lungescu said . Over the weekend , opposition spokesmen said 13 rebels were killed when NATO airstrikes hit several vehicles . "  Based on the information we have , they  the opposition forces who were hit  heard the airstrikes and went ahead to see what the damage was , and that 's when they got hit , " rebel spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah said . "  They were told to stay back , but they jumped the gun . " Lungescu said Saturday that NATO was investigating the incident . "  NATO takes any reports of civilian casualties very seriously , but exact details are hard to verify as we have no reliable sources on the ground , " she said . Meanwhile , a trip to Europe by Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Abdelati Obeidi indicated Gadhafi 's regime might be willing to take diplomatic steps . Libya asked Greece to allow a special envoy to travel there to communicate a message from Gadhafi , Greek foreign ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said . The nature of that message was not immediately known . "  From what the Libyan envoy said , it is clear that the administration is looking for a solution , " Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas said after the meeting . He said Obeidi is expected to continue talks in Turkey and Malta Despite the unyielding conflict , Moteridi , the rebel fighter who was shot twice in the legs by a sniper , said he wo n't give up . "  I 'll go back to Misrata when I get better , God willing , and ... Gadhafi and his gangs will be defeated . " CNN 's Reza Sayah , Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson and Eve Bower and journalists Houda Zaghdoudi and Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report	Injured Misrata resident : "  There 's so much death there " Greek foreign minister : "  It is clear that the  Libyan  administration is looking for a solution " A Turkish hospital ship picks up 300 injured rebel fighters from Misrata An opposition fighter says the city is cut off from electricity , food and water
CNN  History has a cruel sense of humor . Just watch President Barack Obama struggle with a war in Iraq and Syria during his final years in office ; watch him discuss what kind of U.S. military he will hand over to the next president , and think back to the campaign promises that put him in office , a vow to end America 's "  dumb war " in Iraq . The irony is inescapable . But it is more than that . Like it or not , Obama 's struggle with conflict in the Middle East is a sign that foreign policy is set to emerge as a key issue in the 2016 presidential campaign . And , at least according to a new CNN/ORC International Poll , it 's an issue that the public feels the President is n't delivering on . But the reality is that the challenges are multiplying -- and there are no easy answers . From Iraq , Syria , Russia , Ukraine and elsewhere on the globe , there are very real and very tough choices facing the next president . The most urgent ones , and by far the most complicated , come from the epicenter of instability , the smoldering Middle East . What is America to do ? It 's not just a rhetorical question . It is an extraordinarily important question for anyone who wants to become president of the United States . What would you do ? For voters , it represents a supreme duty to demand clear , consistent and credible answers and choose the man or woman who makes sense , who is not simply playing political or rhetorical games with something that means life or death for so many people . The United States already tried "  shock and awe , " the full-force , heavy footprint approach of President George W. Bush . And it has now tried the softer footprint approach from Barack Obama . Both essentially failed . Now what ? Is anyone really going to argue for a return to mass military force ? Is anyone going to support a "  stay the course " approach ? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , more hawkish than Obama , called years ago for arming moderate Syrian rebels , but would that have meant U.S. weaponry would have ultimately ended in ISIS hands , as rebels have changed sides or lost to the ultra-radical Islamists backing ISIS or al Qaeda ? Sen. Rand Paul has offered a confusing mix of isolationism and interventionism , blaming U.S. interventions for the crisis while saying he supports the fight against ISIS . The Middle East is unraveling and it 's very difficult to argue that Washington 's policies have had much of a positive impact , either for the region or for America . Just last week , the United States abandoned its embassy in Yemen . That makes for yet another country in the Middle East with no U.S. diplomatic presence , another failed state in the region , another former U.S. ally out of power , another Iran ally gaining control of an Arab capital . On Election Day , voters are usually more influenced by pocketbook issues than foreign policy questions . "  It 's the economy , stupid , " has become every campaign consultant 's mantra . But the really tough , history-making choices will lie elsewhere . The next president will have to decide how America will fight ISIS , and al Qaeda , the rival terror groups who share an anti-modern , anti-Western ideology backed by brutal terrorist tactics , which have already left thousands of dead Americans , including on U.S. soil -- a reminder that simply ignoring the problem because it seems distant and intractable is not a viable option . The man or woman Americans elect will face a momentous decision on what to do about the war in Syria , where more than 200,000 people have already died and the killing continues . He or she will confront the reality that American civilians have been publicly slaughtered by ISIS , an organization whose ranks keep growing ; already 20,000 foreign fighters have poured in to join ISIS despite a bombing campaign led by the United States . The group 's radical ideology and vicious tactics have already started carving a scar of death across Europe and elsewhere . The suspect in last year 's shootings in Brussels ' Jewish Museum had reportedly traveled to Syria to join ISIS ; the man who shot up the kosher deli in Paris claimed allegiance to ISIS . The decisions will be complicated by the larger reality of the Syrian conflict . Four years after Obama declared "  the time has come for -LSB- Syria 's dictator Bashar al-Assad -RSB- to step aside , " al-Assad is massacring Syrian civilians with barely a whiff of condemnation from an international community now more concerned with ISIS . Al-Assad , the man whose forces Obama nearly bombed in 2013 , continues dropping barrel bombs on civilians while the U.S. bombs his enemies , indirectly helping his cause . The next president will look at a map of the Middle East , talk to America 's Arab allies and hear their deepest concerns turning into reality . Arab governments have accused Iran of wanting to dominate the region . Whether or not Obama reaches an agreement on Iran 's nuclear program , there is no escaping the fact that Iran is making huge strategic inroads throughout the Middle East . When Shiite Houthi rebels toppled the U.S.-allied government of Yemen , on the border of Iran 's traditional rival Saudi Arabia , an Iranian general reportedly declared the Houthis ' success "  a historic victory for the Iranian Islamic revolution . " Iran 's close partners , the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah , turned the tide of battle in Syria , rushing in to save Iran 's close friend Assad . Just a few weeks ago , an Iranian general working in Syria was killed by an Israeli strike on a Hezbollah position just across the border from Israel . What about Vladimir Putin 's Russia ? Putin has brazenly seized internationally recognized territory of Ukraine , a country whose leaders want closer ties to the West . The most recent ceasefire , experience shows , is likely to be flouted by Putin . What if Putin 's advance continues ? Should the United States help arm Ukraine ? Wo n't doing that inflame the situation , as some European leaders claim ? Wo n't NOT doing that give a green light to Putin ? What if he pushed all the way to the Baltic States , members of NATO . Would the United States go to war to defend Estonia ? These are only a few urgent questions , but there are many others that look less pressing but are no less important . While the United States and Europe busy themselves with international responsibilities , China is making major inroads in the developing world , notably in Latin America . Is that something the United States should worry about , something it should seek to counteract ? How actively should the United States pivot to Asia and at what region 's expense ? How much weight should Washington give to human rights when its allies violate principles that are almost sacred to Americans ? What position should the United States take regarding democracy , particularly in the Middle East ? Will the United States back revolutions in the mold of the Arab Spring even if they aim to topple regimes friendly with the United States , if they might replace them with democratically elected Islamist governments ? What about in Iran ? And how would it deal with the pro-democracy forces in Iran as the West negotiates with the Islamic Republic over its nuclear program ? And speaking of Iran , what would the next president do if he or she sees Iran dashing for a nuclear bomb  with or without a nuclear agreement  ? Would they go to war , or allow Iran to become a nuclear-armed country ? These are all complicated matters , worthy of debate in front of the people who will decide who moves into the White House after the Obamas move out . The answer will -- and should -- play an important role in choosing the next president , even if experience has shown that , in the end , it is history that has the last laugh .	Frida Ghitis : Voters usually more influenced by pocketbook issues But next president will have to decide how America will fight ISIS , she says
CNN  -- We had a process . Congress proposed , and the president disposed with his signature . A law then went on the books . Courts might be asked to test its constitutionality , but by surviving legal challenges , a measure became the settled law of the land , which was the case with Obamacare . The American legislative system was , in spite of the disturbing influence of big money , actually quite elegant . But now it is broken . We have entered into an era of gunpoint government . Americans have discovered that a tiny , radical minority can immobilize their entire country and hold it as still as a robbery victim staring at the barrel of a pointed gun . And regardless of how this might anger the majority , they must live with the fact that it can happen again . And it likely will . Political accommodation for the common good is not even a consideration . Shutting the country down is the only objective , with no purpose beyond political destruction and personal ambition . Any argument that the temporary closing of the U.S. federal government did not accomplish anything , in this scheme , therefore , is wrong . Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and his acolytes of extremism have cracked the Republican Party into two dissimilar parts . The corpus of the moderate version survives with frailties and reduced numbers that make its national leadership improbable in the foreseeable future , while the tea party offspring of the GOP remain vital , as they have felt the blood rush of being a bully . But neither part of the Republican Party won a thing . Except for the disdain of most Americans , and , possibly , much of the world . Global leaders undoubtedly wonder why the United States thinks exporting its version of democracy is sane . Political recalcitrance over the American debt ceiling threatened to toss international markets into chaos simply because a small cabal of conservatives did not like a new law to provide health care to millions of people who can not otherwise afford premiums . Politics or petulance ? The anger of the few in the minority was never supposed to be able to stop the will of the majority . The founders would be confounded . Exasperation , however , has to be tempered by the painful knowledge that we the people elected these people . Cruz of Texas , who has become the de facto leader of the national GOP and appears to be shepherding his party into a burning building , won office by defeating his state 's lieutenant governor in a July runoff . The Texas tea party is made joyful by Cruz 's exhortations , and in the obscure runoff 15 months ago , during the 100-plus-degree-burn of summer , they voted for him in big numbers , while moderates were hesitant to venture outdoors to even buy cold beer -- or vote . The defeated David Dewhurst , his rival , who is still in office , clearly envies the network TV lights cast upon the neophyte Texas senator and has begun a rank imitation with calls for the President 's impeachment . A reason hardly seems to matter . The inflammatory quote is what counts . But if we live in a democracy , do n't we deserve what we have ? Politics now is the art of screaming louder than the other person and claiming principles that are so profound they are more important than the preservation of the union . The streak of anarchy that runs through the politics of Cruz and the tea party ought to frighten sober Americans . His ideological strain thrives on the notion that government should do little more than protect the borders , pave the roads and then get the hell out of our way . Cruz is wrong , of course , and the obligations of liberty are considerably more complex . We might die to preserve our nation 's principles but most of us wo n't kill our country to win an argument . If Cruz knew from the outset he was in an unwinnable fight , what was he really doing ? What did he want ? The obvious conclusion was that he lusted for attention to build a reputation among the tea party activists , whom he wants to begin thinking of him as their presidential candidate for 2016 . They voted in disproportionate numbers to get him into the U.S. Senate and he hopes to animate that political base across the country and ride their cheers to the GOP nomination . Whether that happens is of considerably less importance to note than the fact that he was willing to jeopardize the lives and incomes of millions of Americans , along with global economies , simply to get cameras pointed in his direction . Is there any other conclusion ? Cruz thinks he can speak directly to the voters and rise without the help of the political infrastructure of his party . Such an unconventional strategy may be his only hope , because there are few left in the GOP who will offer him any respect . The public has watched in abject horror as one office holder has pressed history 's greatest democracy into a sausage grinder . And what has come out the other end is not immediately recognizable . Our deliberative government was not designed to be hijacked by a few dissidents . But fanatics have found a way to pry open the cockpit door and demand course corrections that put everyone on board at risk . Because of this , we may have no choice but to rethink the very mechanics of how we create law and run the nation . Cruz has at least done us the benefit of showing us that our system functions best as a platform for campaigning and getting re-elected and not for conducting the people 's business ; not even the disgraced Richard Nixon created such jeopardy with his betrayal . But it 's our fault . We cast the ballots and gave office to Cruz and his compatriots . The politically craven have taken up arms to stop the peoples ' business and the attention is intoxicating . They have no reason to put down their weapons . They like this game because now it only takes one person to storm the battlements that protect American democracy . Teddy got his gun The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Moore .	James Moore : Once elegant U.S. democracy now in era of gunpoint government He says Ted Cruz and tea party , with minority ruling majority , flout democratic ideal He says willingness to halt government until one man 's goals met is Cruz 's point Moore : Cruz and company have broken GOP in two , shown how our system can be hijacked
CNN  -- Bo Xilai , the Chinese politician who fell from grace amid a dramatic political scandal , has been expelled from the Communist Party and relieved of his duties , China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua , reported Friday . Bo once was considered a top contender for the Politburo Standing Committee , the team of nine politicians who effectively rule China , but the news report on his expulsion painted a portrait of corruption , abuse of power and improper sexual relationships . The party said Bo made "  severe mistakes " in the killing of a British businessman -- a crime for which his wife was imprisoned -- and a diplomatic incident involving a police official , Xinhua said . Investigators cited influence peddling , bribery and womanizing , new details found in the course of the party 's investigation . "  Bo had or maintained improper sexual relationships with a number of women , " the state news agency said . He also took advantage of his power to seek profits and received bribes , Xinhua said . And his family "  accepted a huge amount of money and property from others , " the news agency reported . The news came a month before China 's Communist Party is expected to meet at its 18th National Congress in Beijing to announce who 'll occupy the top positions . Bo Xilai saga nears end game Bo is a charismatic , albeit controversial , politician who launched a "  smashing black , singing red " campaign in the southwestern city of Chongqing that promoted Communist ideology and zealously cracked down on organized crime . His economic programs , which included millions spent on social welfare , made him a popular leader in Chongqing . But analysts say his populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the more economically liberal and reform-oriented faction that dominates the current party leadership . Bo 's fortunes changed when news surfaced this year that his wife , Gu Kailai , was suspected to be an accomplice in a murder case . Gu and family aide Zhang Xiaojun were arrested in early April , suspected of poisoning British businessman Neil Heywood . Heywood died in November in Chongqing , where Bo was the Communist Party chief . His death was originally blamed on excessive alcohol consumption . Bo was soon stripped of his top posts for "  serious breach of discipline . " In August , his wife received a suspended death sentence after a seven-hour trial . Days later , four senior Chongqing police officers were also sentenced to jail for covering up the murder . Opinion : China murder trial a rigged spectacle Why was Gu Kailai spared ? Wang Lijun , the former police chief of Chongqing , set off the Bo story on February 6 , when he fled to the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu and told American diplomats that Gu was a suspected accomplice in a murder case . After his request for asylum was turned down , Wang left the consulate and was taken away by Chinese officials . But his accusations rocked the world 's most populous nation . Wang this week was sentenced to 15 years for defection , coverup , bribe taking and abuse of power . The party expelled Bo after an investigation of the killing and Wang 's visit to the consulate , a trip made "  without permission , " Xinhua said . The investigators said Bo "  bore major responsibility " in the Wang incident and the killing , Xinhua reported , citing the investigation results . Bo Xilai ` implicated ' in murder Bo 's fall from grace "  He took advantage of his office to seek profits for others and received huge bribes personally and through his family . His position was also abused by his wife ... to seek profits for others and his family thereby accepted a huge amount of money and property from others , " Xinhua said . Investigators determined that his behavior tarnished the party 's reputation , Xinhua reported . The investigation discovered "  clues to his suspected involvement in other crimes . " The party investigators sent their conclusions to judicial authorities . "  Bo had affairs and maintained improper sexual relationships with a number of women . He was also found to have violated organizational and personnel disciplines and made wrong decisions in personnel promotion , which led to serious consequences . " The trials and convictions have been carefully scripted and apparently timed to "  deal " with Bo ahead of the planned leadership transition at the Communist Party 's 18th National Congress . Disgraced party chief looms large over China 's leadership Who are the next generation of Chinese leaders ? Jockeying for position ahead of China 's leadership jamboree	Investigation finds influence peddling , bribery and womanizing Bo Xilai 's economic programs made him popular in Chongqing He once was considered for the Politburo Standing Committee , a team that effectively rules China Bo 's fortunes changed when his wife was tied to a murder case
German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservative party won Sunday 's parliamentary elections , but appeared to fall just short of obtaining a super majority , according to preliminary results released early Monday . Merkel 's bloc -- the Christian Democratic Union  CDU  and the Christian Social Union  CSU  -- garnered 41.5 % of the vote , according to semi-official results released by the Federal Election Office . Merkel 's party was within two seats of obtaining a super majority , a majority greater than a simple majority of half-plus-one . The results appeared to validate Merkel 's policies and leadership style as she has guided Germany through the Eurozone 's economic crisis amid criticism that she has held back bailout help to struggling EU nations . "  This is a super result , " Merkel , who was running in her third election , said in remarks to supporters at CDU headquarters that were televised . Read more : Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein "  It 's too early to say how we will proceed , " she said . "  But today we should celebrate . " It 's a far cry from her first election in 2005 , when Merkel 's pre-election musings about tax increases went down badly with voters . She took office with a small plurality after her party was forced to build a coalition with her opponent 's party , the center-left Social Democratic Party  SPD  . Merkel also took a hit in the 2009 elections amid German discontent over the country 's role in Afghanistan . The only hiccup of the night Sunday appeared to be for Merkel 's junior coalition party , which appeared to be coming up short with 4.8 % of the 5 % needed to remain in parliament , according to the preliminary results . Read more : Merkel : World 's most powerful woman ? If Merkel fails to pull a super majority , she will be forced to build a coalition with an opposition party . Merkel 's CDU consistently polled in the lead up to nationwide balloting between 40 % and 42 % -- a 10-year high for CDU -- while the SPD , her closest competitor , dipped at one point to a historic low of 23 % . The last time a party had a super majority in Germany was in 1957 with Konrad Adenauer , the country 's first post-World War II chancellor . Merkel is only the third post-war chancellor to win three successive elections . Read more : Why the German election matters	Angela Merkel wins third election Merkel 's party comes within two seats of a super majority , early results show Her bloc 's CDU and CSU parties garnered 41.5 % of the vote , results show Merkel was elected as chancellor in 2005 and then again in 2009
CNN  -- Mickey Rooney , who died Sunday at 93 , may have been the most unusual major star in the history of Hollywood . Why ? For one thing , at the peak of his fame , he was only a youth . In the late 1930s into the 1940s when he topped the Hollywood box office , earning the then huge sum of $ 150,000 a year , there were few child actors with his clout . In fact , unlike today , there were n't many child actors at all . Only Shirley Temple and Deanna Durbin could begin to rival him . Then there was his size , even into adulthood . There were other diminutive stars in Hollywood 's Golden Age , such as Jimmy Cagney , Edward G. Robinson , Paul Muni , Humphrey Bogart , but no one as pint-sized as Rooney , who topped out at just 5-foot-2 . We like our stars to be outsized . Rooney was definitely undersized . But Rooney had something else that no other star had . Male stars -- then as now -- were largely figures of power : not just Cagney and Bogart , but Clark Gable , Errol Flynn , even Spencer Tracy . Moviegoers were attracted to their ability to dominate , to bend the world to their will . Rooney did n't exude power . He exuded pluck . Rooney never played the conventional hero vanquishing forces of evil . He was best known as Andy Hardy in a series of films at MGM : the quintessential young man in the quintessential small town with the quintessential family and honoring quintessential American values . About the only things he vanquished in these movies were his own doubts or his own lovesickness or his own moral quandaries . Andy was eager , loving , decent , thoughtful -- not the qualities we ascribe to movie heroes but the very qualities Americans , particularly as they emerged from the Great Depression -- liked to ascribe to themselves . He did n't conquer through strength . He succeeded through sheer energy . "  Let 's put on a show , " the joking line attributed to Rooney in those Mickey Rooney-Judy Garland pictures , expressed what Rooney was about : not American muscle , but American determination . And if Rooney did n't convey power , he did n't convey manliness either .  Hell , he was n't even a grown man in his heyday .  The great male stars of his time did n't cry . They did n't even wince . They were stoics patrolling America 's mean streets . Only Jimmy Stewart among them even seemed to have a tender side . But Rooney was no stoic . He did cry . He was open and vulnerable and wounded and occasionally scared . Think of the last scene in "  The Devil Is a Sissy " where he stares into the night after his prisoner father is executed . He could n't stare down the world the way the other male stars did . He could only stare into it , often with wonder and pain . After all , he was still a boy , he could expose his heart . He could be hurt . And there was one more thing about Rooney that made him an unusual star in the Hollywood constellation . Almost every great star then , male and female , was a cynic . They were hard-boiled , had learned to survive life , but lived without illusions . Think of Bogart in "  The Maltese Falcon " or "  The Big Sleep " or Bette Davis in just about any of her pictures . Rooney , again partly because of his youth , was devoid of that cynicism . He was hopeful , idealistic , utterly sincere . In a movie world of doubt , Rooney alone was a true believer . In these three ways -- pluck and heart and idealism -- Rooney may have come closer to the American ethos in Depression-era America than any other star . He was loved not because he expressed what we could only hope to be , but because he expressed what we liked to think we actually were . Take Rooney in what is arguably his best role , as Homer Macauley in Clarence Brown 's screen version of William Saroyan 's World War II novel , "  The Human Comedy , " from 1943 . Homer 's job is to deliver telegrams , including those informing families of their sons ' death in battle -- more Rooney sadness . This was MGM head Louis B. Mayer 's favorite film because it captured the idealized way he viewed America , with Rooney as the idealized American boy -- though the director Billy Wilder once recalled to me a time he found Mayer throttling Rooney on the lot after some transgression and yelling , "  You 're Andy Hardy ! You 're America ! " That Rooney was . His death is a reminder of an earlier time when Americans had a more innocent vision of themselves . Rooney 's persona may not have worn well over time -- it was a young man 's persona -- but in the '30s and '40s he was the personification of that innocence , and a vestige of it has passed with him .	Neal Gabler : Rooney was very unusual in Hollywood . A child actor with enduring success He says he had quality unlike male stars of Golden Age : not powerful , but plucky , vulnerable He conquered through energy , determination , not strength . His image was hopeful , sincere Gabler : He expressed how Americans wanted to see themselves
CNN  -- Al-Shabaab rebels attacked a town in central Somalia early Saturday , sparking an intense firefight between rival Islamic groups , according to eyewitnesses and local journalists . Al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Ali Dere said the Islamist rebel group took control of Dhusomareb after fighting members of Ahlu Sunna Waljama'a , a moderate Muslim group , according to Shabelle Media . However , the rival group claimed it pushed out the al-Shabaab rebels by Saturday evening . While neither side officially claimed casualties , witnesses told a journalist about 30 people died in the fighting . Al-Shabaab is made up of former allies of Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , who once led the Islamic Courts Union -- the Islamist movement that briefly held power in Mogadishu in 2006 . But while Ahmed and other former members of the ICU accepted a U.N.-brokered peace agreement with the government they once fought , Al-Shabaab -- which the United States says has links to al Qaeda -- has rejected the peace agreement and has waged a bloody campaign against Somalia 's transitional government . The transnational Ahlu Sunna Waljama'a has maintained a strong presence in southern and central Somalia , where it has gathered powerful but small Sufi sects to counter extremist Islamist groups , especially al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has been trying to expand its influence farther north in Somalia , including Dhusomareb , the provincial capital of Galgaduud . A U.S. missile strike on Dhusomareb in May 2008 targeted and killed several senior members of al-Shabaab . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Al-Shabaab rebels ' attack sparked an intense firefight Saturday Islamist rebel group reportedly fought members of Ahlu Sunna Waljama'a Ahlu Sunna Waljama'a is a moderate Muslim group Witnesses told a journalist about 30 people died in the fighting .
CNN  -- Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has announced that he will run in next month 's presidential election to replace the late Hugo Chavez . He faces an uphill battle against acting President Nicolas Maduro , who was sworn in last week and was Chavez 's hand-picked successor . According to state news , the candidates have until Monday to register for the April 14 election . "  Nicolas , I will not give you a free path , " Capriles told reporters Sunday . "  You will have to defeat me with votes . " Capriles , 40 , ran against Chavez last year and lost . But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president 's 14 years in power . He accused the government of manipulating Chavez 's death for political gain "  My fight is not to be president . My fight is for Venezuela to move forward , " Capriles said Sunday night . Maduro quickly fired back , appearing on state-run VTV to counter Capriles , calling him irresponsible . "  His aim is to provoke the Venezuelan people , " Maduro said . "  He 's looking for violence . " The sharp exchange gave a potential preview of what the campaign period might look like -- angry , bitter and deeply divided . Earlier Sunday , Maduro , 50 , the ruling Socialist Party 's candidate , picked up an endorsement from the country 's small Communist Party . He vowed to continue the policies and vision of Chavez , who died last week of cancer . Chavez was a larger-than-life leader , who positioned himself as a champion of the poor and cast himself as a "  21st-century socialist . " Making the poor count -- a Hugo Chavez legacy He was a polarizing figure , revered by legions even as others accused him of repressing dissenting voices and turning over once-independent institutions to partisan loyalists . "  I will be president and commander in chief of the armed forces because that 's what Chavez ordered me to do . I will follow his orders , but I need the help of the people , " Maduro said , according to VTV . When Maduro was sworn in last week , Capriles protested loudly , telling reporters in Caracas the ceremony was "  an abuse of power . " "  To be president , the people have to elect you , " he said . "  The constitution is very clear . " Maduro addressed the upcoming election . "  May the best person win , " he said . "  The people will decide . "	NEW : Henrique Capriles will face acting President Nicolas Maduro NEW : The two traded angry barbs Sunday night Capriles lost to Chavez last year ; Maduro is the late president 's hand-picked successor Candidates have until Monday to register for the April 14 election
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The inspector of a downtown building that collapsed last week has killed himself , city officials said Thursday . Ronald Wagenhoffer , 52 , who worked with the Department of Licenses and Inspections , was found shortly after 9 p.m. Wednesday , Everett Gillison , deputy mayor for public safety for the city of Philadelphia , told reporters . Although the probe into the collapse , which killed six people , is now a criminal investigation , Wagenhoffer was not a target , Gillison said . "  This man did nothing wrong , " he said . "  The department did what it was supposed to do under the code at the time . " Wagenhoffer was found inside a pickup truck in a wooded area along Shawmont Avenue in the Roxborough section of Philadelphia . According to sources with knowledge of the investigation , Wagenhoffer 's wife , Michelle , alerted police after he sent her a text message . He also is survived by a son . Wagenhoffer , who spent 16 years with the Department of Licenses and Inspections , last inspected the site of fatal building collapse on May 14 after the department received citizen complaints . He inspected the site alone , Gillison said . Carlton Williams , commissioner for licenses and inspections , described Wagenhoffer as "  dedicated " and a man who "  loved his job . " "  He worked extremely hard before the tragedy and after the tragedy , " Williams said . "  We were all shocked . He was an outstanding employee . " City officials say there were no obvious signs Wagenhoffer was distraught , adding that he worked Wednesday , leaving shortly after 3 p.m. Authorities charged crane operator Sean Benschop , 42 , with involuntary manslaughter and other related charges after a four-story wall of the vacant building collapsed onto an adjacent Salvation Army thrift store on June 5 , killing six people and injuring 13 . Police have said toxicology results showed he was under the influence of a controlled substance . Benschop , maintains his innocence . Over the weekend , his attorney , Daine Grey , said his client was "  being made the scapegoat in this situation . " A grand jury will investigate the collapse to determine if anyone else should be charged , prosecutors have said . Six complaints naming the building owner , his demolition contractor and subcontractor , and the equipment operator have been filed .	Ronald Wagenhoffer , 52 , killed himself , city official say He recently inspected a building that later fell while being demolished , killing 6 "  This man did nothing wrong , " a deputy mayor says of Wagenhoffer A crane operator has been charged with involuntary manslaughter
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pop star George Michael was cautioned by police in London after being arrested in public toilets on suspicion of possessing drugs , the UK 's Press Association reported . George Michael has talked candidly about drug use in the past . In a statement , the Metropolitan Police said a 45-year-old man had been arrested in the Hampstead Heath area of London on Friday . He was later released with a caution for possession of class A and class C drugs . The statement did not name Michael , but other sources confirmed his identity . Reports Sunday said Michael had been arrested following a tip-off to police from a suspicious toilet attendant , PA said . The 45-year-old , who has sold more than 100 million records worldwide , has talked openly about his use of drugs in the past . In an inteview with the BBC last year he admitted : "  I 'm a happy man and I can afford my marijuana so that 's not a problem . " Last May he pleaded guilty to driving while unfit through drugs and was banned from driving for two years after being found slumped behind the wheel of his car .	George Michael cautioned after being arrested for drugs in London public toilet Pop star was released with a caution for possession of class A , class C drugs Press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendant
CNN  -- As the country searches its soul in the wake of the recent wave of questionable killings by police , Americans of all races are struggling with a distressing sense of deja vu . This is not the first time we have struggled with this anguish and it will not be the last . But there may be a new prospect for hope this time . Perhaps more than at any point in the country 's history , Americans are open to changing the way they look at police violence . If so , we can begin by enhancing the perception of fairness of the official response when police use deadly force . Much of the anger being expressed across the country comes from the fact that after these deaths , the criminal justice system -- widely perceived as eager to prosecute young black men -- suddenly seems toothless when invoked in their defense . That perception needs to change . Importantly , the problem is not  as many have suggested  that the prosecutors in Ferguson and Staten Island presented exculpatory evidence to the respective grand juries . True , prosecutors do not normally present the defense side when seeking an indictment . But a typical case with substantial defense evidence  for example , bystanders who support the defendant 's account and corroborating physical evidence  never gets to a grand jury in the first place . The grand jurors in Ferguson and Staten Island were doing something different from what typical grand jurors do . They were taking the place of the prosecutor , deciding , as the prosecutor would normally do , whether to bring criminal charges . While we generally trust prosecutors to make charging decisions , there is good reason not to trust them when the suspect is a police officer . Local prosecutors and police work closely together and form tight bonds . The grand jury should make the charging decision in these cases , both in terms of actual fairness and public perception . If the grand jury is acting as the prosecutor , however , it must see all the evidence . One of the worst outcomes of recent events would be if prosecutors and grand jurors internalize the notion that the public wants cases to advance to trial notwithstanding substantial doubts about guilt . There are already thousands of defendants across the country jailed pending trial , trying to choose between pleading guilty to a shaky charge or risking a much higher sentence at trial . Ask them whether prosecutors and grand jurors should be encouraged to defer objective assessments of guilt until trial . The problem in the response of Ferguson and Staten Island criminal justice officials was n't that they presented all the evidence to the jury -- it was who was presenting that evidence . As commentators have correctly pointed out , prosecutors wield tremendous influence over a grand jury . If we do n't trust prosecutors to make the decision of whether to charge , it makes no sense to give them the task of presenting the evidence that controls that decision . Police deadly force cases should go to grand juries , and the grand jurors should see all the relevant evidence , but the presentation should be guided not by a prosecutor , but by a "  special counsel , " an attorney completely independent of the local police and prosecuting authority . There is a model for this approach . The Department of Justice 's Civil Rights Division employs skilled prosecutors whose primary task is prosecuting wayward police officers . If those prosecutors determine , for example , that a police officer such as Darren Wilson shot Michael Brown while Brown stood still , arms up  as some witnesses alleged  , a federal criminal civil rights prosecution can be brought and won . The process will be similar to what we have already seen . The federal prosecutors will convene a grand jury , present the evidence supporting a civil rights charge  that Wilson deprived Brown of his right to trial by , in essence , executing him  and , this time , get an indictment . But the federal prosecutors may find the evidence does not support that narrative , and if so , will not proceed . Not because there is a "  high bar " to federal prosecution as some reporting suggests , but because there is not enough evidence to go to trial . And the public will likely accept the federal prosecutors ' judgment because it is not clouded by affinity for the police involved . The federal model , however , is just that , a model . As the country is witnessing , deadly force cases are all too common . The federal government does not have the resources to investigate them all . State and local authorities must fill the gap . As they rethink their role , states should adopt a first step of providing for an independent , special counsel to investigate police deadly force cases -- stepping in for the local prosecutor and presenting evidence to the grand jury . While this reform will not stamp out instances of unjustified deadly force , it will give the public greater confidence that the government values the life and liberty of all its citizens , not just police officers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Bellin .	Bellin : Criminal justice system appears eager to prosecute black men but not to defend their rights To restore confidence in justice , local prosecutors should n't present police shootings to grand juries , he says Special counsel would n't be compromised by ties to local police , he says
CNN  -- Pakistan bounced back to win the third Test against England by four wickets at the Oval in London as veteran batsman Mohammed Yousuf completed a successful return to international cricket on Saturday . The tourists , whose country has been devastated by floods , reduced England 's series lead to 2-1 ahead of the final match at Lord 's starting next Thursday as Yousuf 's experience proved vital . Recalled after receiving an indefinite ban by the Pakistan Cricket Board in March following his role in the disastrous tour of Australia , the former captain contributed 56 in Pakistan 's first innings of 308 and then played another solid hand in the successful chase for 148 on the fourth day . Pakistan lost an early wicket and then Yousuf came to the crease at 57-2 after Imran Farhat fell to Graeme Swann for a quickfire 39 . The 35-year-old helped Salman Butt  48  put on an invaluable 46 before the captain was also dismissed by the spinner . Pakistan 's nerves showed as Azhar Ali was run out for five , then James Anderson claimed his second wicket as he bowled Yousuf for a patient 33 and Swann trapped Kamran Akmal leg before wicket for a duck without offering a shot . Umar Akmal  16  and Mohammad Amir  4  then guided Pakistan to a morale-boosting victory following two heavy defeats as their team mirrored the three-wicket win over Australia last month when chasing 180 . "  The boys showed a lot of character , " Butt told reporters . "  It was a very good effort from the whole team , no one individual can be singled out . Yousuf brought class and calmness to the middle order . The dressing room is confident in this holy month of Ramadan , we would like to draw this series 2-2 . " The 18-year-old Amir was named man of the match after becoming the youngest player to take five wickets in an innings in England , claiming figures of 5-52 as the hosts were bowled out for 222 . England added just one run to their overnight total before Amir dismissed last man Stuart Broad for six .	Pakistan seeking to level four-match series in England after winning third Test at Oval Tourists triumph by four wickets in London with a day to spare after chasing 148 to win Teenage fast bowler Mohammad Amir , unbeaten at end , named man of the match The 18-year-old is the youngest bowler to take five wickets in Test innings in England
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  When the earthquake struck , we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed . In another room , my grandfather could not comprehend what was happening and , instead of seeking cover , drifted towards the window . Outside , a brown dust-cloud rose from the ruins of cottages that had dotted the next hill . I was at my uncle 's place in Ramkot , west Kathmandu , some 12 kilometers  7.4 miles  east from my family home . After escaping the building for the safety of open air , my first thought was for news of friends and family . Calls did n't go through but thankfully texts and data did . I heard from everyone except my mother . Worried sick , I foolishly went into the house for a second time to get my belongings and leave for home . Another tremor -- the first of many to aftershocks that have continued to strike an already traumatized city -- shook the house . I took refuge under the same doorway . The journey towards my family home in Sifal was a map of quake destruction , with many houses -- old and new -- torn apart . A high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field . A mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider . A woman perched on top of rubble tried to reach for a water container from what used to be her kitchen . Everywhere , survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields , private compounds , empty roadside lots . In Chhauni , an ice cream seller ran double-time with his cart , while his radio relayed the latest . Further ahead , a mother and daughter sat down on a pavement so that a grandchild could be fed . Across the Bishnumati River , uphill towards Maru , I ran to get away from the tall houses and made towards the Kathmandu Durbar Area . It was reduced to rubble . A blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sheltered it . Locals were searching for survivors , but progress was slow . The Kasthamandap temple had caved in . Temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust . The western faade of the Basantapur palace had fallen apart and nothing remained of the remained of the nine-story medieval palace nearby . Meanwhile , the curio fleamarket was flooded with people who had made it out of the cramped quarters of Jhocchen , Indra Chowk , New Road , and nearby neighborhoods . In Putalisadak , I met a cousin who was sitting an entrance exam for a prestigious high school when the quake hit before the allotted time was over . He kept wondering out loud whether he could retake the test . The two of us walked through Bagbajar , trying to trace a few acquaintances , and up Dillibajar to Kamalpokhari . A hawker was selling momos -- a Nepalese type of dumpling -- under a seven-story building , while policemen guarded a jailhouse . People gathered mostly in the middle of crossroads , on traffic islands and around metal pulpits , which looked out of range of falling buildings . The aftershocks kept coming . I reached home and found both my parents alive and uninjured . I could n't believe that our 30-year-old house was still standing . As I walked my cousin to where his parents were , we kept hearing rumors : "  More quakes forecast by experts for 5 p.m. and midnight . " As if to confirm , tremors shook us at six and more would follow at 10 p.m. and midnight , with smaller shocks throughout the night . Along the northern boundary of the former royal museum , the wall had collapsed and people had poured out of the Uttar Dhoka neighborhood onto the palace lawn . Green military tents meant for two people were now packed with six and the army was trying hard to accommodate as many as possible . In Thamel , an electricity pole had squashed an abandoned taxi . A few men took turns taking photos with the wrecked car . In Kantipath , a handful of backpackers were discussing where to make camp . Back home , my parents decided against going to the nearby Sifal Chaur football field where families were sleeping on plastic mattresses under rudimentary tents . Instead , their tactic was to stay on the ground floor , be awakened by tremors , and then scamper to a corner of our garden that seemed relatively safe . I did not sleep a wink .	Journalist Sunir Pandey was visiting relatives with Nepal 's 7.8 magnitude quake struck He says they ran to shelter under a concrete beam and prayed , as dust rose from the rubble
CNN  -- The brother of skater Nancy Kerrigan , charged with assault and battery in an incident involving his father , was released on bond , authorities said Wednesday . Mark Kerrigan posted the previously set $ 10,000 bail and was released from custody , according to the Woburn District Court Clerk 's office in Massachusetts . Kerrigan , 45 , was fitted with a tracking device and under conditions of his release is not allowed to leave his home other than to visit his attorney , the clerk 's office said . He also is forbidden to use any drugs or alcohol other than prescription medication , can have no access to weapons and must have mental health counseling . "  The Kerrigan family is delighted to have Mark back with them , " family spokeswoman Nancy Sterling said in a statement . "  They ask that you respect their privacy as they welcome Mark home . " He was arraigned in January and pleaded not guilty to charges he assaulted his father , Daniel Kerrigan , 70 . The elder Kerrigan died January 24 after an alleged altercation with his 45-year-old son at the family 's home in Stoneham , Massachusetts . Mark Kerrigan , through his attorney , has denied any responsibility in his father 's death . Daniel Kerrigan 's death was ruled a homicide by the medical examiner , but Middlesex County prosecutors have not said whether other charges might be filed against the younger Kerrigan in light of the finding . The Kerrigan family has said , in a statement released through their attorney , that they believe the medical examiner 's finding to be "  premature and inaccurate . " "  The Kerrigan family does not blame anyone for the unfortunate death of Dan Kerrigan , who had a pre-existing heart condition , " said the family statement , released by attorney Tracy Miner . According to Middlesex County Assistant District Attorney Elizabeth Keeley , police responded to a 911 call at approximately 1:30 a.m. January 24 from Brenda Kerrigan , wife of Daniel and mother to Mark and Nancy Kerrigan . Keeley told District Court Judge Mark Sullivan during the arraignment for Mark Kerrigan that there was a violent argument and struggle between the father and his son , resulting in the elder Kerrigan falling or collapsing on the kitchen floor . Keeley said that Mark Kerrigan told authorities "  that he did in fact have an argument with his father , the argument became physical , he grabbed his father around the neck , and at some point the father collapsed to the floor . " According to Keeley , police found Mark Kerrigan in the basement of the house , "  clearly intoxicated " and "  extremely combative . " He refused to comply with police officers , said Keeley , and they had to subdue him with pepper spray before forcibly removing him from the home . Mark Kerrigan 's attorney , Denise Moore , said in court that Kerrigan was unemployed , was recently released from a correctional facility and was living at home with his parents . He is taking medications and seeking psychological help for post-traumatic stress , apparently from his time in the Army , she added . Nancy Kerrigan first gained prominence by winning a bronze medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . In 1994 she earned an Olympic silver medal in Lillehammer , Norway . She is perhaps best remembered for surviving an attack before the 1994 Winter Games by skating rival Tonya Harding 's ex-husband and an accomplice . CNN 's Bob Crowley , Evan Buxbaum and Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Mark Kerrigan free after posting $ 10,000 bail He is on an ankle monitor and must refrain from using drugs and alcohol Death of figure skater 's father on January 24 ruled a homicide Daniel Kerrigan , 70 , died after a "  violent argument and struggle " with his son
OXFORD , Mississippi  CNN  -- Unraveling the complex back stories of the more than 200 pardons issued by former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour is revealing serious questions about how pardon review decisions were carried out . But perhaps no pardon is as confounding as the case of Harry Bostick . The retired Internal Revenue Service investigator 's pardon has been called "  heinous " by critics of Barbour . "  Someone did n't do their homework on this case , " said Democratic state Rep. Steve Holland . When Barbour pardoned Bostick in January , the convicted DUI felon was sitting in an Oxford , Mississippi , jail cell for violating the terms of a previous DUI sentence and was awaiting formal charges from yet another drunken driving accident in October that ended in the tragic death of 18-year-old Charity Smith . Who 's at fault in that accident has yet to be determined . The teenage girl from Okolona , Mississippi , had big dreams of saving money and going to college to pursue a business degree . The young woman 's death and the controversy surrounding the case have devastated Linda Smith , Charity 's mother . "  She should still be here with me . She should still be here with me . This should not have happened , " Linda Smith told CNN during an emotional two-hour interview . Bostick was given a full pardon for a felony drunken driving offense dating from March 2009 . That offense was Bostick 's third drunken driving arrest in a little more than year . The Mississippi Parole Board and Barbour have issued statements saying they did n't know Bostick had another DUI arrest in October . It came after his pardon case had already been reviewed . Oxford Police Sgt. Hildon Sessums arrested Bostick twice over a span of a year for DUI . "  Right before I put the cuffs on him he said , ` Do n't do this to me . ' And my comment to that usually is , you did it to yourself , " Sessums told CNN as he recounted details of the two arrests . For the third DUI , Bostick had been sentenced in March 2010 to a year of house arrest and four years in Mississippi 's drug court program , an intense drug-and-alcohol-abuse treatment program with strict guidelines that convicted felons like Bostick must follow . Bostick was still going through the drug court program when he started applying for a pardon last summer . High-profile friends wrote letters to Barbour touting what they called Bostick 's genuine lifestyle change . The letters detail what friends described as Bostick 's slide into alcoholism after the tragic death of his teenage son in a "  freakish house fire " and after Bostick 's divorce , according to pardon and parole documents obtained by CNN . One letter said Bostick "  no longer drinks alcohol " and "  has turned his life around . " "  Harry Bostick has led a tragic life . A life that has now been turned around by a grace that is bigger than him . He can now be a positive factor in many lives , " wrote retired U.S. attorney Jim Greenlee . On September 30 , the Mississippi Parole Board sent its review of the Bostick case to Barbour . The board recommended Bostick for a full pardon with a divided 3-2 vote . About a week later , on October 7 , Bostick was driving under the influence again , according to the Mississippi Highway Patrol . Charity Smith attempted to pull out onto a highway just outside Tupelo when Bostick 's truck slammed into the side of her car . Charity Smith was killed and her older sister suffered serious injuries . Bostick still has not been indicted by a grand jury in that crash . Because his third DUI was pardoned , a conviction in the latest DUI case would technically be his third offense , but that would still make it a felony in Mississippi . The Mississippi Parole Board and Barbour are at a loss to explain how Bostick 's pardon could have unfolded the way it did . State officials say there is not a mechanism in place to alert them of situations like this . A Department of Corrections spokeswoman referred all questions about the case to the Mississippi Parole Board . Bosticks ' pardon application packet sent from the Parole Board to the governor 's office is filled with references to the "  expedited investigation into the circumstances surrounding Bostick 's crime , " meaning his third DUI from 2009 . According to a state prison official , the "  expedited " rush was a result of a flood of pardon applications as the clock was counting down toward the end of Haley Barbour 's final term as governor . Barbour refused CNN 's request for an interview but his spokeswoman , Laura Hipp , issued a statement . "  In reviewing Mr. Bostick 's case , Gov. Barbour took the Parole Board 's recommendation into consideration , and he was n't aware of the subsequent charges , " she said . Shannon Warnock , chairwoman of the Mississippi Parole Board , issued a statement saying : "  I can say that Mr. Bostick 's application was supported by testimonials from trustworthy and outstanding members of the community . While the reported circumstances of that arrest are troubling , our system of justice does regard everyone as innocent until proved guilty . " Linda Smith , Charity 's mother , worries her teenage daughter 's death has been forgotten in all of this . She struggles to understand how state officials could not have known that the man involved in her daughter 's violent crash was the same Harry Bostick who had petitioned for a pardon . "  She was a person . She was n't just some name on a piece of paper . A beautiful person , " said Linda Smith . Her days now are often spent weeping over her daughter 's death . She cried throughout most of her interview with CNN as she showed photographs of the beautiful girl with big dreams . Linda Smith described her daughter as an artist with a big heart , and she proudly talked about the powerful emotions she feels holding a collection of her daughter 's paintings . One of the paintings was a gift from Charity Smith to her mother . Instead of signing the painting , Charity left her handprint on the back . But perhaps the most poignant painting was of swirling blues and purples and oranges that reads "  Life is Short . " The girl with the artist 's heart is now mourned by her mother with a broken heart .	Harry Bostick is a repeat DUI offender He was pardoned for his third DUI while facing charges for a fourth Bostick received one of more than 200 pardons issued by Mississippi 's former governor Former Gov. Haley Barbour says he was n't aware of Bostick 's fourth DUI violation
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will name Iran , as well as its Central Bank , as a "  primary money laundering concern " Monday , but will not place sanctions directly on the bank , a senior Treasury Department official said . The United States will also sanction a number of Iranian companies allegedly supporting Iran 's nuclear program , the official said . The Treasury Department announced that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will hold an afternoon news conference "  to outline new steps the United States is taking to increase pressure on Iran . " U.S. officials have been considering action against the Central Bank of Iran but became concerned that a full sanction could have a negative effect on the world economy because of the potential impact on oil prices . A number of congressional members have been calling for sanctions against the bank amid questions about how much the current spate of sanctions are actually working . U.S. sanctions already prohibit American companies from doing business with Iran . The United Kingdom also announced Monday it will impose fresh sanctions against Iran , cutting all financial ties with the country over concerns about its nuclear program . U.S. diplomatic sources told CNN Saturday that the goal of the new measures is to bar foreign companies from doing business with Iran 's petrochemical industry by threatening to ban them from U.S. markets . The sources did not want to be named because they are not authorized to speak on record before officials roll out the sanctions . Plans for the additional sanctions come on the heels of a report by the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency detailing evidence that the Iranian regime is developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria on Sunday that Iran is probably less than a year away from reaching the point at which it will be too late to stop its nuclear program . "  It 's true that it would n't take three years , probably three quarters , before no one can do anything practically about it because the Iranians are gradually , deliberately entering into what I call a zone of immunity , by widening the redundancy of their plan , making it spread over many more sites , " Barak said on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " On Friday , the International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors issued a resolution expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . " But the U.N. agency 's resolution did not threaten action to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " The Obama administration is facing increased pressure from Congress to turn up the heat on Iran , including sanctioning the Central Bank . Last week , Republican Sen. Mark Kirk introduced an amendment that would impose sanctions on foreign financial institutions that do business with the Central Bank . U.S. officials have said the administration has been reluctant to cut off the bank out of concern it could drive up oil prices and hurt the U.S. economy . But the diplomatic sources said the United States has discussed possible sanctions on the bank that would limit some financial transactions , but not cut it off completely . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Iran will be named a "  primary money laundering concern , " official says U.S. sanctions already prohibit companies from doing business with Iran The sanctions will come on the heels of a new U.N. report Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful
CNN  -- Zuccotti Park is not Tahrir Square , because the United States is not Egypt . In case this is not obvious to those camping out near Wall Street and in various other cities around the country , consider the following : In about 13 months , all 435 members of the House of Representatives must stand for election . In addition , 33 Senate seats and residency at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue will be up for grabs . And this is just at the federal level . So if the "  Occupy Wall Street " crowd wants to peacefully overthrow the government , there is no need to gather in a public square . The demonstrators can work for a candidate or run themselves . Unfortunately , those who are part of this movement seem to have dismissed this option . The New York group has produced a manifesto of sorts , entitled a "  Declaration of the Occupation of New York City . " Among the grievances listed  which they helpfully note are not "  all-inclusive "  is "  that no true democracy is attainable when the process is determined by economic power . " So are we to conclude that since corporations control American politics , the best thing for us to do is to sit outside in a park and issue manifestos ? Writing in the pages of CNN.com , Douglas Rushkoff chastises those of us who do n't understand the point of all this , explaining that Occupy Wall Street is "  the product of the decentralized networked-era culture , it is less about victory than sustainability . It is not about one-pointedness , but inclusion and groping toward consensus . " Well , in the U.S. , groups made up of disparate individuals "  network " themselves together to make collective decisions all the time . We call it democracy . As for "  victory " being exchanged for "  sustainability , " how is it that these are interchangeable nouns ? Political processes tend to be ongoing and aimed at "  sustainability . " Congress does not just take a vote and then dissolve . "  Victory , " as Rushkoff terms it , is just a way of saying that we have reached a decision . It is probably not our first , and let 's hope , not our last . And though it is not always pretty , President Barack Obama , U.S. House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Harry Reid spend most of their time "  groping toward consensus . " They must do so , however , in the real world , where people disagree . But let 's get back to that idea about democracy not being possible because corporations run everything . This feeling , I think , is at the root of the Occupy Wall Street movement . Now , no one is going to say that money does n't play a role in politics . It always has , and it always will . What does this mean ? Well , if you want to influence the nation 's politics you have to raise money . So raise some money . In this sense , Rushkoff is right to talk about how , in a networked and wired world , politics is different . It is now much cheaper to get your message out . Where 20 years ago a candidate would have to raise hundreds or thousands of dollars to fund a mass mailing , voters are now just a mouse click away . Not enough money to buy traditional advertising ? There is the Internet -- Facebook and Twitter , for example . Ron Paul , hardly a favorite of corporate America , has managed to use this new technology to raise several million dollars in just a day . Technology has leveled the political playing field . Still , as they say about the lottery , you have to be in it to win it . So if you want to change America , you have to get in the game . But here 's the rub : Occupations and rallies are fun . Electoral politics is hard . The rules are complex , and so are the voters . A gathering in the street has a lot in common with a party . Running for office and working for a candidate is like a 9 to 5 job . And getting involved in the political process forces you out of your comfort zone . Instead of hanging out with a few hundred -- or a few thousand -- people who basically agree with you , you have to confront and perhaps persuade those who do n't agree with you . In the process , however , you will learn more about democracy then you will at any teach-in . So my suggestion to Occupy Wall Street and their affiliates throughout the country is to pay as much attention to their 15th Amendment right to vote as they do to their 1st Amendment right to peaceably assemble . In other words , get out of your sleeping bags and onto the ballot ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Paul Sracic says if Occupy Wall Streeters want change , they should run for office He says demonstrating in a park wo n't do anything about corporate power in U.S. He says protesters want inclusion , consensus , but they have it ; it 's called democracy Sracic : Rallies are fun ; running for office not as much . To change U.S. , get in game
London  CNN  -- Close observers of Qatar will know that Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani , whose succession to the Gulf state 's leadership was announced by his father on Tuesday morning , has played an increasingly central role in shaping the country 's direction in recent years . As heir apparent , Tamim has led on the implementation of Vision 2030 , Qatar 's ambitious national strategy which sets out to promote "  justice , benevolence and equality . " He is also the author of the country 's current five-year plan , in which he calls for "  continuous modernization and development of public institutions . " The key question now is whether these finely crafted state strategy documents Tamim has authored as heir apparent can translate into real human rights change in Qatar 's institutions , as the rubber hits the road and he takes control of government . The current five-year strategy , for example , promises that there will be much-needed laws to criminalise domestic violence and to give labour rights to migrant domestic workers , something for which campaigners have been calling for years . The strategy leaves no room for disagreement when it says that "  since 2004 Qatar has seen a significant jump in the number of reported domestic violence incidents against women and children . " But when Amnesty International met government officials in Doha earlier this year , they played down incidents of domestic violence as merely "  individual cases " . And a senior Labour Ministry official recently told a Qatari newspaper that "  there is no need for a law for housemaids ... Since there is a contract signed between a maid and her employer , a law is n't needed . " Vision 2030 also says it embodies the principles of the country 's constitution which "  protects public and personal freedoms " . And yet there was widespread shock last November , when a court in Doha sentenced a Qatari poet , Mohammed al-Ajami , to life imprisonment on charges of incitement "  to overthrow the ruling system " , and "  insulting the Amir . " The charges relate to a 2010 poem criticizing the ruling family , but activists believed that the real reason for his arrest was his 2011 "  Jasmine Poem " which read : "  we are all Tunisia in the face of the repressive elite . " All the information available points to al-Ajami being placed behind bars solely for his words . At the time one regional activist told Amnesty that "  we expected better , " referring to Qatar 's efforts to paint itself as a country promoting freedom of expression , as host to both the Al Jazeera network and the Doha Center for Media Freedom . Disturbingly , almost at the same time , the authorities moved to tighten control on freedom of expression with a new draft media law , which , if approved , would require all publications to be approved by a government-appointed "  competent authority " empowered to remove content or prevent printing . Al-Ajami 's sentence was reduced to 15 years in February , which has done little to quell the outrage . The treatment of his case will be an early signal of whether Qatar 's new ruler intends to allow greater freedoms of expression at home . Tamim has also chaired the committee organizing the Qatar 2022 World Cup , the country 's most ambitious global initiative yet . It is a sensitive project and one that will test the new ruler 's commitment to real reform . Since Qatar won the right to host the tournament , the country has come under intense scrutiny for its treatment of migrant construction workers , who come primarily from South Asia . There are fears that the hundreds of thousands of new workers who will be needed to build the stadiums and infrastructure for the World Cup could face exploitation or even forced labor . Amnesty International has been interviewing migrant laborers and construction companies in Qatar over the past nine months , and has found that the abuse of migrant laborers runs deep , with some workers on major national projects going for months without being paid , being prevented from leaving the country by their employers and even struggling to afford food . The challenge for the World Cup Committee is how to ensure that the companies they employ to build their projects comply with international labor standards . Of course , it can not be only about the organizing committee . The role of the government to prevent entrenched exploitation will be critical . Tamim 's five-year plan recognizes -- with slightly surprising candor -- that "  improving labor rights will not only benefit employees but will also enhance Qatar 's global image as a leading and progressive nation . " But Qatar 's new ruler will need to be aware that the opposite will also be true . Unless his government is able to energetically enforce labor protections and make major reforms to the repressive Sponsorship Law which gives employers excessive powers over their workers , Qatar 's global image will inevitably suffer , just as the migrant workers Amnesty International has met are suffering right now . Sheikh Tamim and his ministers will need to show political will if they want to deliver the freedom and justice called for in the state strategy set under his stewardship . Activists , across the region and globally , will be watching carefully for early signs of that will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Lynch .	Qatar 's emir hands over power to son , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani Tamim has led on the implementation of Vision 2030 , Qatar 's reform program Meanwhile , authorities tighten control on freedom of expression , says James Lynch Lynch says world will watch closely for early signs of real will to change
CNN  -- A Guatemalan man accused in five rapes in Palm Beach County , Florida , has been extradited to the United States to face charges , officials announced Thursday . DNA evidence linked the suspect to the five victims , said Capt. Carol Gregg of the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office . Baltazar Gabriel Delgado Ros was extradited Wednesday after Palm Beach investigators worked to bring him back to the United States . Delgado Ros had moved back to Guatemala after trying to change his physical appearance with a close-cropped haircut , Gregg said . In 2011 , he was arrested in Guatemala on charges in the attempted rape of a minor , Gregg said . The Florida rapes took place between April 2009 and September 2011 . Convicted rapist caught after nearly 35 years on run Serial killer and rapist ` Night Stalker ; dead at 53	Guatemalan man is a suspect in five rapes in Palm Beach County , Florida DNA evidence linked the suspect to victims , authorities say
Miami  CNN  -- A Florida woman said she went into "  survival mode " when a huge eagle ray weighing as much as 300 pounds landed on top of her on a boat in the Florida Keys , throwing her to the deck and pinning her underneath it . Jenny Hausch was riding on a chartered boat Friday with her husband and three children , taking pictures of a group of eagle rays as they launched themselves out of the water . "  As I was snapping a picture of the eagle ray in the water , it jumped out and I was able to get the picture of it flying in the air . And then the next jump , the eagle ray jumped straight into our boat , straight at my chest -- 300 pounds -- and knocked me backwards and was flapping around on top of me , " Hausch told CNN Wednesday . "  I just basically pushed it off , pushed it off of me and tried to scoot backwards as fast as I could . I think all of us were in survival mode at that point and just doing whatever we could to get away from the ray , " she recounted . One of her sons was hit with one of the ray 's "  wings , " her other son slid off the animal to the floor of the boat , and the ray flew over her daughter as it soared into the air , Hausch said . "  Everybody was able to keep their wits about them and was very brave and ... my husband picked up my daughter right away and made sure she was safe , " Hausch said , adding that she knew there could have been a far worse outcome . In 2008 , a woman died after a ray jumped out of the water and hit her as she boated in the Keys . "  I believe the eagle ray hit her a little bit higher in the neck , so we were very fortunate . If it had been a few inches higher , it could have been a much worse outcome . Luckily , the barbs did not hit anyone , " Hausch said . Eagle rays can measure as much as 10 feet across and 17 feet long -- from their snout to the end of their barbed tails -- and weigh up to 500 pounds , according to the Florida Museum of Natural History . The spines on the tails are venomous and can inflict serious wounds . After the Hausches scrambled to safety away from the ray , two Florida Fish and Wildlife officers patrolling nearby came to their aid after hearing the screams . "  We turned around and looked and saw the eagle ray thrashing around in the boat and at that point we realized we had a problem , " said Officer Aja Vickers . Vickers and Officer Bret Swensson wrangled the sea creature back into the water , where it swam away , apparently unscathed . Kelly Klein , who was captain of the Two Chicks Charters boat the Hausches had rented , said the animal measured 8-feet across , and probably weighed a good 300 pounds . "  It 's just massive , it has a 10-foot tail , " she added . Hausch 's children were hysterical , but she and her husband decided to continue the charter in hopes that the incident would n't make them afraid of the water . Vickers said the incident was a "  total one-in-a-million chance . " "  These animals are n't attacking by any means , " she said . "  One theory is these animals jump during mating season . "	Jenny Hausch was taking pictures of the rays as they flew out of the water The ray slammed her several times as it tried to get away Eagle rays can weigh up to 500 pounds ; this one weighed about 300 pounds
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- More than 340 fetuses have been found at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok , discovered because the smell of decay drew complaints , police said Wednesday . Discovery of the fetuses , which came from illegal abortion clinics , have led to six morticians being detained for questioning , police Lt. Col. Chusak Kumsai said . The chief of morticians admitted receiving fetuses from several clinics , Kumsai said . Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation . The fetuses have been taken from the Phai-nguern Chotinaram temple in central Bangkok to the Chulongkorn Forensic Institute for investigation , police said . "  I think -LSB- the fetuses were at the temple -RSB- because the new incinerators are under construction , " nearby resident Puak Eiamchan said . "  So the temple ca n't receive any dead bodies to cremate for almost two months now . " "  I believe that people who did this must have done it for some time and it was exposed because they ca n't burn the fetuses and they were accumulated to hundreds and the smell started to tell . " Abortion is illegal in Thailand , but women are allowed to one if they are the victims of rape , or if the pregnancy endangers the life of the mother , according to Pavena Hongskul , founder of the Pavena Foundation for Children and Women .	The smell of decay leads to the discovery The fetuses came from illegal abortion clinics , police say The chief of morticians admit receiving fetuses from several clinics Temples in Thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for cremation
CNN  A Southern California day care has shut down because an infant there -- who 's too young to get vaccinated -- contracted measles , another case in the re-emergence of the disease on the West Coast . The Samohi Infant Toddler Center inside Santa Monica High School , a facility for 24 young children of students and staff members , closed Monday after it was learned that a baby under 12 months old being care for there had measles . It 's not clear when , where or how the child got the disease . Nor is there any timetable for when the center will reopen , but it 's possible that children who have been immunized against the highly contagious virus could soon go back . In addition to the baby with measles , 13 other infants who went to the day care center are being quarantined for 21 days as a safeguard . "  It 's the best thing to do to protect the babies and the community , " Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District spokeswoman Gail Pinsker said of the closure . "  It 's a tough situation . " For all the talk about vaccination and measles , in one respect it 's irrelevant in this case : Children should n't get the first dose until 12 through 15 months of age , with the second dose coming when they are between 4 and 6 years old , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Then again , the fact that infants are n't vaccinated makes them even more vulnerable -- especially at a time when more and more measles cases are popping up daily in Southern California . So far , this latest case has n't affected the rest of Santa Monica High School or its 3,100-plus students , beyond the three teenage mothers with children who go to the day care center . An assistant baseball coach  who did n't teach at the school  contracted the disease weeks ago , but he 's since returned with a clean bill of health . According to the school district , 11.5 % of all Santa Monica and Malibu students have not been immunized because their parents opted out . This is legal in California , but controversial -- with some , including medical professionals , saying that vaccinations are a safe , effective and necessary means to prevent the spread of diseases like measles . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat . For most people , it does n't get much worse than that -- and yet one out of every 20 children with measles also contract pneumonia , and one or two out of every 1,000 children with the disease die from it , according to the CDC . While once widespread in the United States , cases dropped significantly thanks to vaccines . In 2000 , health authorities declared that measles had been eliminated in the United States , which meant it was no longer native to the United States but continued to be brought in by international travelers . But that does n't mean no one has gotten it since . Last year , the United States had its most number of measles cases -- at 644 -- since 2000 , the CDC reported on its website . And in the first month of this year alone , 102 people reportedly had come down with the disease . Measles outbreak : How bad is it ? Those cases were reported in 14 states , but the vast majority were in California . The Golden State alone had 92 new cases since December , most of those tied to an outbreak at Disneyland , according to the state 's public health department . Most of the 59 people originally affected were park employees and patrons . Those numbers are one of the reasons California has been at the epicenter of this story , but not the only one . Another has to do with vaccinations . California allows exemptions from vaccinations for medical reasons and "  personal beliefs , " and parents have been using them . Over the last school year , 3.3 % of California kindergartners -- about 18,200 -- were allowed to skip their shots , according to the CDC . Schools are encouraged to have "  an up-to-date list of pupils with exemptions , so they can be excluded quickly if an outbreak occurs , " the California Department of Public Health says . Opinion : Why I wo n't let unvaccinated people around my kids CNN 's Traci Tamura , Steve Almasy and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Santa Monica day care shuts down because a baby who goes there has measles CDC recommends the first measles vaccine at 12 months ; the baby was too young to get it California has been at the epicenter of the controversy over measles and vaccinations
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Nine Lebanese nationals abducted 17 months ago in Syria returned home Saturday after a multinational deal to secure their release , officials said . They arrived at Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport on a flight from Turkey , where they were sent after being freed Friday , according to Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency . Lebanese Foreign Affairs Minister Adnan Mansour and Interior Minister Marwan Charbel , together with relatives of the freed hostages , were at the airport to welcome them , the news agency reported . Their return follows the release of two Turkish Airlines pilots who were abducted in Beirut two months ago , the agency said . The pilots arrived Saturday in Istanbul , where Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan greeted them , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported . Turkish President Abdullah Gul spoke to the pilots by phone , Anadolu said . One of the pilots , Murat Akpinar , said he understood why there was no military raid to rescue them since that could have led to hundreds of deaths , Anadolu said . Still , he said he never lost faith . "  We knew that our government was behind us , and they would not leave us there , " Akpinar said , according to Anadolu . The nine Lebanese were kidnapped in May 2012 in Aleppo , Syria , as they were returning from a religious pilgrimage to Iran , their relatives said . Some in Syria accused them of being members of Hezbollah , a Shiite militant group . The pilots were going from the Beirut airport to a hotel when their bus was ambushed August 9 . They may have been targeted in retaliation for the Lebanese abductions because many Lebanese Shiites oppose the Turkish government 's support for rebels in Syria . Palestinian officials as well as the governments of Qatar and Turkey played a role in securing the swap , Lebanese officials said . Free passage for many inside Syria remains out of reach . On Saturday , the U.N. humanitarian chief called for a cease-fire in Moadamiyeh so that aid workers could evacuate thousands of civilians trapped in the conflict , which reportedly has killed more than 100,000 people since it began in March 2011 . "  The humanitarian community has stressed time and time again that people must not be denied lifesaving help and that the fighting has to stop , " Valerie Amos , under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said in statement . Aid groups have been barred from Moadamiyeh for months , she said . "  I call on all parties to agree  to  an immediate pause in hostilities in Moadamiyeh to allow humanitarian agencies unhindered access to evacuate the remaining civilians and deliver lifesaving treatment and supplies in areas where fighting and shelling is ongoing , " said Amos , who is also the U.N. emergency relief coordinator . Thousands of families also are trapped elsewhere in Syria , including in Nubil , Zahra , old Aleppo town , old Homs town and Hassakeh , she said . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut , and Tom Watkins wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf also contributed to this report .	NEW : Freed Turkish pilot says he knew his government "  would n't leave us " Two Turkish pilots were taken hostage in Lebanon two months ago Nine Lebanese were abducted in Syria in May 2012 Both sets of hostages return home
CNN  -- As the swimming meet comes to its final days , the action at track and field begins at the Olympic Stadium . Here 's what to look for as that competition starts and in four other notable sports : 1  Track and field : Sprint queens begin their quests A few weeks ago , Allyson Felix watched as Jeneba Tarmoh took a celebratory lap at the Olympic Trials , apparently the third qualifier for the Olympics in the women 's 100 meters . But Friday , it 's Felix who will take to the blocks in a quest to finally win a gold medal . There was a second look at the photo finish . The two sprinters had tied , officials ruled . Then the track bosses scrambled to figure out a way to break the tie and decide who would run the event in London . On the day of a scheduled runoff , Tarmoh backed out . She 's still part of the U.S. team , but she 's a member of the relay pool . On Friday , Felix will race twice , seeking a spot in one of Saturday 's semifinals . SI : Life-changing win for Gabby Track and field begins at 10 a.m. London time  5 a.m. ET 2  Swimming : Speaking of photo finishes Four years ago , it became one of the most famous photos of the Beijing Games : Shot from the bottom of the pool , Michael Phelps in one lane , Milorad Cavic in the other , two swimmers lunging for Olympic gold . Phelps won the 100-meter butterfly that day by .01 seconds , after catching the Serbian swimmer gliding to the wall as Phelps took a quick , final stroke . Tonight , they will race again . But also look out for Chad le Clos , who beat Phelps in the last few meters of the 200-meter butterfly . Swimming begins at 10 a.m. London time  5 a.m. ET  ; the medley relay heats start at 11:49 a.m. in London  6:49 a.m. ET  followed by four finals in the 7:30 p.m. London time session  2:30 p.m. ET  . 3  Tennis : Hopes for happier result at home Britain 's Andy Murray , who reached Wimbledon finals a few weeks ago , plays Novak Djokovic of Croatia in one men 's singles semifinal . In the other , Roger Federer of Switzerland matches up with Juan Martin del Potro . The women also play singles semifinals ; those matches are Serena Williams of the United States vs. Victoria Azarenka of Belarus , and Russians Maria Sharapova vs. Maria Kirilenko . Photos : American gold medal winners Both matches begin at noon in London  7 a.m. ET 4  Soccer : A big Hope here , too The United States is backed by goalie Hope Solo , who gave up two criticized goals early to France and nothing since . The Americans face New Zealand  nicknamed the Football Ferns  , which finished third in Group E . In February the Football Ferns nearly beat the United States , but forward Alex Morgan scored two late goals to rally the Americans . They also played a closed door match a few days later ; no results were reported . The highlight match of the day could be Brazil with its great player Marta vs. World Cup champion Japan . Matches start at noon London time  7 a.m.  with the U.S.-New Zealand match at 2:30 p.m. London time  9:30 a.m. ET 5  Judo : Saudi female expected to wear headscarf At first , judo officials said they would n't allow 16-year-old Wojdan Shaherkani of Saudi Arabia to wear a hijab during her judo match . Shaherkani 's father and Saudi officials insisted she would not compete unless she could wear the headscarf . On Friday , she will be permitted to wear it when she fights Melissa Mojica of Puerto Rico in a round of 32 match . Shaherkani , who is competing at her first major international event , received a special invitation to compete from the International Olympic Committee . Abuse victim wins first U.S. judo gold Shaherkani is scheduled to fight at 10:33 a.m. London time  5:33 a.m. ET  .	Track and field starts ; women begin quest for 100-meter title Phelps , Cavic meet again in 100-meter butterfly final Soccer quarters feature U.S. against the Football Ferns Saudi woman takes judo mat
CNN  -- Usher Raymond 's 5-year-old son is out of the hospital a week after a near-fatal swimming pool accident , his mother 's lawyer said Tuesday . Usher Raymond V was rescued and resuscitated by a sound tech worker who dove into the pool to free the child from a drain at the music mogul 's Atlanta home on August 5 , according to police . He was rushed by ambulance to Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta hospital , where he was treated until his recent release . The lawyer did not reveal any details of his injuries . "  I do n't know if my son is going to have a brain defect , " Tameka Foster Raymond testified Friday at a hearing in which she asked a judge to grant her temporary custody of the two sons she has with the singer . Usher has primary custody of the children . "  I do n't know if his heart is operating correctly . I do n't know if my son 's going to be 100 % the boy he was before this incident . " A judge rejected Foster Raymond 's emergency request , finding that the pool mishap was not crisis situation requiring that Usher 's two children be taken from him . Usher 's ex-wife argued that the boy 's aunt , Rena Oden , who was caring for the child at the time of the accident , is incapable of keeping up with the two children . Foster Raymond testified that she does not trust the childcare of Raymond 's aunt . Fulton County Superior Court Judge John Goger did not agree . "  What happened here was an awful accident and ... I 'm not certain that had any single person been at the poolside that one person could have done any better than Ms. Oden . And Ms. Oden did impress me as a capable caregiver , " Goger said . "  Based on the evidence I heard , not one person could have done any better than Ms. Oden . " The judge instructed Usher to keep his ex-wife informed about his whereabouts and who is taking care of the children . Usher , as he is known in his career as a singer and actor , testified that he waited an hour to inform his ex-wife that their son had nearly drowned in a swimming pool accident because "  the first thing to do was to respond to the emergency . ... My son was hysterical and in the back of an ambulance . " Foster Raymond also said Usher does not keep her informed about what is going on in the children 's lives . "  They come home with bags of medicine . I do n't know why or what illness or who 's taking them to the doctor . ... He does n't confer with me regarding anything , nothing , " she told the court . Usher won primary custody of the couple 's two children , Usher V and 4-year-old Naviyd , last year after a bitter court fight in which Foster Raymond accused the singer of being an absentee father . Foster Raymond filed in May for a custody modification . That case had n't been heard by the time the swimming pool accident happened Monday , so Foster Raymond filed Tuesday for an emergency hearing on the matter . Usher 's former stepson , also Foster Raymond 's son , died in a watercraft accident on a north Georgia lake last year . CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	The 5-year-old was treated for a week at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta Hospital "  I do n't know if my son is going to have a brain defect , " his mother told a judge Usher Raymond V was rescued after being caught in a swimming pool drain A judge rejected Tameka Foster Raymond 's emergency request for custody of her sons
CNN  -- Authorities imposed gasoline rationing on motorists in New York City and Long Island on Thursday , a day after a nor'easter added to the woes of a region still grappling with the damage left behind by last week 's Superstorm Sandy . The orders from Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Gov. Andrew Cuomo restrict private owners to buying fuel for their vehicles on either odd - or even-numbered days , depending on their license numbers . Commercial vehicles are exempt from the order , which they said is aimed at easing a fuel crunch caused when Sandy smacked the region . "  Drivers are still facing long lines , frustrations are only growing and it now appears that there will be shortages for possibly another couple of weeks , " Bloomberg told reporters Thursday afternoon . "  The best way , we think , to cut down the lines and help customers buy gas faster , to help gas stations stay open longer and to reduce the potential for disorder , is to alternate the days that drivers can purchase gas . " The order takes effect Friday morning . New Jersey , where Sandy made landfall October 29 , put similar rules into effect last week in 12 counties . At least 658,000 utility customers remained without electricity across the region , most of them in New York and New Jersey , with the nor'easter that swept through Wednesday only adding to those totals . Cold brings fresh misery to Sandy victims "  The main thing is we need heat and electricity , " Christine Holland , a relief coordinator in Brooklyn 's Gerritsen Beach neighborhood , told CNN . Holland appealed to plumbers , electricians and boiler mechanics to volunteer their help to residents , as well as counselors for people still dealing with the trauma of last week 's storm . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told reporters Thursday morning that the nor'easter was responsible for 167,000 new outages , but praised utility workers who were trying to get the lights and heat back on . "  These men and women on the utility companies are working 16-hour days , every day , " Christie said . "  So I know that unless your power is turned on , that does n't mean anything to you -- but I 'm telling you , I 've watched these people work . They were working last night through the snow . " Thursday 's temperatures were in the mid-40s in much of the New York , New Jersey and Connecticut communities that were ravaged by Sandy , which killed 111 people in the region , knocked out power to millions and flooded large swaths of the heavily urbanized area . The new storm brought snowfalls ranging from two inches on Atlantic City , where Sandy hit , to more than a foot of snow in parts of Connecticut . "  Just what New Jersey needs now , " said Justin Page of Montclair , about 10 miles west of Manhattan . "  We have lost power where we never had before , and the winds are picking up dramatically , which is disturbing the debris left from Sandy . " About 6 inches of snow fell by Thursday morning on Newark , where Mayor Cory Booker called it "  Mother Nature 's one-two punch . " Storm grants focus on low-wage workers "  It 's testing the resolve and the grit of my state and my city and , obviously , this region , " Booker said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The new storm crashed into the area barely a week after Sandy , which Cuomo said Thursday had inflicted $ 33 billion in damage to New York state and $ 50 billion to the region . Freeport , along Long Island 's southern coast , was one of the communities hit hard by the nor'easter . "  This storm just made everything worse , " Shanel Francis told CNN affiliate News 12 . Sandy swamped her home with 4 feet of storm surge last week . Bloomberg had urged residents in the city 's low-lying areas -- especially Breezy Point , Hamilton Beach and Gerritsen Beach -- to "  consider going someplace else " Wednesday night , "  to be a little bit on the safe side . " But he issued no mandatory evacuation orders , other than for a handful of chronic-care facilities and an adult-care center in areas that were hit hard by Sandy . "  If people think you 're crying wolf , the next time , when it 's really a serious threat , they might not do it , " the mayor said . That was not the case in New Jersey , where the Brick Township Office of Emergency Management issued a mandatory evacuation order for all residents of low-lying waterfront areas of town . Flights continued to be affected , and authorities advised air travelers to check with their carriers ahead of the storm . "  Airlines serving the Port Authority 's major airports -- Newark Liberty International , John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia -- have canceled all or a significant number of their flights " through Thursday morning . The storm that broke records -- and hearts CNN 's David Ariosto , Tom Watkins , Tina Burnside , Marina Carver , Kristen Hamill , Katia Hetter , Julia Talanova and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 658,000 customers still without power , utilities report Gas rationing in New York City and Long Island aimed at easing fuel crunch "  We need heat and electricity , " a Brooklyn resident says Sandy inflicted $ 33 billion in damage to New York state , Gov. Cuomo says
WINNENDEN , Germany  CNN  -- A gunman dressed in military gear killed 15 people Wednesday in a shooting spree in Germany , police said . German shooter Tim Kretschmer , 17 , targeted females during his rampage . Tim Kretschmer , 17 , began his rampage at a school where he used to be a student in Winnenden , a small town about 20 kilometers  12 miles  northeast of Stuttgart . Most of the victims at the school were female -- eight female students , three female teachers and one male student , said Heribert Rech , interior minister for Baden Wuerttemberg region . Rech said : "  They were completely taken by surprise . Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands . " Kretschmer opened fire in three first floor classrooms , including a physics lab where a teacher was found dead behind her desk , Rech told a news conference . Rech said police arrived in minutes . "  This speedy intervention means they prevented further escalation of events . " The shooting at the Albertville-Realschule Winnenden school began around 9:45 a.m.  0845 GMT  and lasted about two minutes . Student Louis Schweizer was in class when he heard the gunshots . "  When I came out , I saw the shell casings lying around everywhere , " he said . His sister , Lisa Schweizer , also heard the shots . "  It is a tragedy , " she said . "  One of my teachers was killed . " Another student told CNN : "  We heard that someone was inside shooting . Then we also saw a teacher who had blood on his hands because he wanted to help a female teacher who sacrificed herself for a student -- she stood in front of a student to protect her . " Read how students jumped from windows to escape Fifteen-year-old Natta lost a long-time friend . "  She was a very good friend of mine from soccer , and I knew her since we were four years old and it 's very hard , " she said . Kretschmer did not shoot wildly , Rech said , contradicting earlier police statements , but hit most of his victims in the head . As the first police arrived at the school , he fled and killed a person working in a hospital nearby , then hijacked a car , taking the driver hostage . He drove towards the nearby town of Wendlingen , but the car crashed on a sharp bend , Rech said . The driver escaped and called police as Kretschmer ran away and towards a car salesroom in Wendlingen where he shot a salesperson and a customer , Rech said . Watch the gunman 's deadly route " "  Police officers in civilian clothes opened fire and shot several times . The perpetrator tried to escape and was shot at least once in the leg . ... A little later he was found dead , " he added . It was not clear if he died from injuries received in the police shootout or if he committed suicide . Regional police chief Erwin Hetger said police thought he had killed himself . Kretschmer was on the loose for three and a half hours after the incident began , police said . Watch more about the shootings " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said it was "  inconceivable that within seconds school students and teachers have been put to death by this terrible crime . " "  It is a day of mourning for the whole of Germany , " she said in a televised statement . Police did not know the motive for the shooting spree , CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Winnenden . "  No one seems to have an explanation for why this happened , " he said . "  Police officers have heard that this young man did n't cause much of a buzz , was n't someone who was negative or known for violence . They have no idea why he did all this . " Police raided his parents ' home later and found they had a collection of 14 guns . The pistol used in the killing was part of the father 's collection , authorities said . German gun laws are fairly restrictive and require owners to control access to them . Do you think the gun control issue is taken seriously enough ? Rech said the guns were legally owned by Kretschmer 's father who is a member of a gun club . At least seven people were injured in the shootings -- five people in Winnenden and two police officers in Wendlingen -- police spokeswoman Renate Roesch added . She was unable to say how serious the injuries were . Six teenagers from the from the school shooting were transported to the Waiblingen hospital with undisclosed injuries . One of those patients has already been released from the hospital , according to a hospital spokeswoman . The families of the dead have been informed and are receiving counseling , Roesch said . About 1,000 students attend the school where the killings began . Map of the area " Authorities sealed off the town of Winnenden and launched an intense manhunt for the gunman after the school shootings . Police said the man was about 1.80 m  5 ' 11 "  and heavily armed . "  It is a small town , an idyllic town , " said Frank Nipkau , the editor in chief of Winnenden Zeitung newspaper . "  The town people are devastated and they ca n't understand why this is happening in this town . " Security at German schools has been an issue in the past . In November 2006 , an 18-year-old former student strapped explosives to his body and went on a rampage at a middle school in western Germany , shooting and wounding six people -- most of them students -- before killing himself . In July 2003 , a 16-year-old student shot a teacher before taking his own life at a school in the southern German town of Coburg . iReport.com : ` Fear and confusion ' in German town A year earlier , 18 people were killed when an expelled student went on a shooting spree at his school in eastern Germany . Another European country , Finland , is planning to toughen firearm laws after two school shootings there left 20 people dead . Those incidents occurred in November 2007 and September 2008 . Finnish news reports on Wednesday said an Interior Ministry working group has issued a proposal calling for age 20 as the minimum age for handgun ownership and 18 as the minimum for rifles . The proposal will be circulated among legislators . -- CNN 's Katy Byron , Diana Magnay , Frederik Pleitgen , Nadine Schmidt and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : Victims of gunman 's rampage at German school are mostly female NEW : Police unsure if Tim Kretschmer died from police wounds or killed himself Police : Three teachers , 9 students among 15 people during 3-hour killing spree Chancellor Angela Merkel : "  It is a day of mourning for the whole of Germany "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's extraordinary climb to the world 's second largest economy was built on the back of Chinese workers , many of whom left rural farms to migrate for work in coastal factories . But as China 's wealth rises , workers are demanding a greater share of the wealth and better access to social services . And as this month 's edition of "  On China " examines , the young generation of worker are tech savvy , aware of their rights and choosier about where they go for work . "  They 're on the Internet more ... on especially Weibo , China 's social media , Twitter-like thing . They 're able to connect with others , see what others are doing , " William Nee of China Labor Bulletin , a Hong Kong-based NGO which defends workers ' rights , told CNN . "  And in cases where there are strikes or things like that , they can put it out there on Weibo and other people can learn about it , " he said . "  They can look online for labor rights and labor contract law . " One of the greatest issues for China 's 250 million migrant workers is the "  hukou " system of household registration . Migrant workers often ca n't register in the cities where they work , and subsequently ca n't qualify for social services such as public education or social security . "  When I talk to migrant workers about a vast array of problems , I think , this usually rises to number one , " Rob Schmitz , a Marketplace correspondent in Shanghai , told CNN . "  And I think , for them , the biggest reason this is such a big problem is that they are treated like illegal immigrants inside of their own country . " This hits the children of migrant workers . "  Many children are born in these larger cities where their parents have moved to . This is their hometown , as far as they know it , " Schmitz said . But as China 's coastal provinces -- which were first opened for Western-style economic reform in 1979 -- grow more expensive , more companies are moving factories into rural areas , sparking a new wave of development and giving workers more options closer to home . "  The companies are looking for cheaper resources , cheaper land , cheaper labor in the home provinces , like in the rural remote provinces in China , " Suki Chung , executive director , Labor Action China , told CNN . "  In places like Shenzhen , the Pearl River Delta , these places have become very expensive . So for migrant workers perhaps in the past , you make a salary and then bring it home , because of the cost of living how it 's risen so quickly , it 's no longer viable , " said Nee . "  Taking a salary that 's a little bit less back near their hometown is a much more attractive option , especially since they can visit their family much more easily . " Meanwhile , the low-skilled factory jobs in Shenzhen are being replaced by higher skilled employment . "  Shenzhen is moving up the value chain , " Schmitz said . "  A lot of the jobs now that are available at places like Huawei  the telecommunications giant  ... you 're seeing a lot of folks who graduated from ` dazhuang , ' which is the vocational colleges of China , coming to Shenzhen instead of folks who have dropped out of high school perhaps or just come right off the farm . " As China moves from an export-driven , investment-led economy toward domestic consumption growth , the nation depends on the rising buying power of its workforce . Still , "  400 million people in China still live on less than $ 2 a day , " Schmitz said . "  China  is going to experience slower growth . Slower growth probably means fewer job , " Schmitz said . "  I think there are a lot of threats that lie ahead . " CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this article	China 's climb to the world 's second largest economy was built by Chinese workers Chinese workers are demanding a greater share of the wealth and better access to social services Higher production costs in the coastal areas are moving more jobs to rural areas of China Despite Beijing 's economic rise , about 400 million Chinese still live on less than $ 2 a day
CNN  -- Bangladesh lifted a two-year-old state of emergency on Wednesday , less than two weeks ahead of parliamentary elections . A girl with the national flag painted on her cheek marks Victory Day in Dhaka , Bangladesh , Tuesday . The order was issued Tuesday by President Iajuddin Ahmed , according to Shahenur Miah , a government spokesman . The announcement came on the 37th anniversary of the establishment of Bangladesh as a nation , known as Victory Day . Parliamentary elections are scheduled for December 29 . To stem a tide of political violence , a military-backed government took control in January 2007 and imposed an indefinite state of emergency . It also postponed elections until it said it could clean up the country 's graft-ridden politics . The caretaker government adopted emergency powers that allowed authorities to arrest a person without a court warrant as long as there was reasonable suspicion that he or she was connected to a crime , Human Rights Watch said . A wave of detentions followed . By some estimates , more than 90,000 people were detained before some were released and others charged with crimes . Among those arrested were more than 150 top politicians , including the leaders of two prominent political parties , Sheikh Hasina of the Awami League and Khaleda Zia of the BNP . Since the country 's independence in 1971 , the Awami League or the BNP has ruled Bangladesh for all but eight years . Both women have served as prime ministers at one point or another . The most recent crackdown took place in June when police detained or arrested more than 18,000 people in 11 days and came after the two main political parties said they would not cooperate with the military-backed caretaker government on organizing the elections . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Parliamentary elections scheduled for December 29 Announcement of lifting of emergency came on Victory Day Under emergency powers , authorities could arrest a person without a warrant More than 150 top politicians were arrested during this period
Mental Floss  -- News outlets reported this week that legendary broadcaster Walter Cronkite never amended his will to include Joanna Simon , who had been his girlfriend for the last four years of his life . Cronkite 's daughter said the newsman never planned to leave Simon , a former opera singer and older sister of Carly Simon , any sort of inheritance , but either way , wills are back in the news . Leona Helmsley left her dog Trouble $ 12 million dollars in her will . What better time to look at some of the most bizarre codicils ever written ? 1 . Leona Helmsley The notoriously egomaniacal hotelier famously left $ 12 million to her Maltese , Trouble , while entirely cutting two of her grandchildren out of her will  for "  reasons which are known to them "  . Her other two grandchildren did n't get off the hook entirely ; their inheritances were contingent upon their regularly making visits to their father 's grave , where they would have to sign a registration book to prove they had shown up . 2 . Carlotta Liebenstein Do n't think Trouble Helmsley is the richest pooch on the block . When Liebenstein , a German countess , died in 1991 , she left her entire $ 80-million estate to her dog , Gunther . 3 . Jeremy Bentham The 18th-and-19th-century social philosopher left the world a rather odd bequest in his will : his preserved , clothed body . No one 's quite sure what Bentham was getting at with this "  gift , " but since his 1832 death his clothed skeleton -- topped with a wax model of Bentham 's head -- has been preserved in a wood-and-glass cabinet known as the Auto-Icon . It now resides at University College London and is occasionally moved so Bentham can "  attend " meetings . Bentham did n't want for the Auto-Icon to feature a wax head ; he actually carried around the glass eyes he wanted used in his preserved face for years before his death . However , the preservation process distorted his face , so the wax replica had to stand in . For many years Bentham 's real head sat between his feet in the Auto-Icon , but it was such a target for pranksters that it eventually had to be locked away . Mental Floss : 10 things your body can do after you die 4 . Sandra West West , a California socialite and oil heiress , died when she was just 37 years old and requested that she be buried "  in my lace nightgown ... in my Ferrari , with the seat slanted comfortably . " Her family buried West in her powder-blue 1964 Ferrari 330 America , then covered the car with cement to deter car thieves . Good call : nice examples of that year 's 330 America can now sell for well over $ 300,000 . 5 . Luis Carlos de Noronha Cabral da Camara The Portuguese aristocrat was a childless bachelor , so he divvied up his estate by picking 70 names at random from the Lisbon phone book in 1988 . When he died 13 years later , his attorneys notified the unsuspecting beneficiaries that they stood to inherit their benefactor 's cash , his home , and his car . 6 . Charles Millar The Canadian attorney died a childless bachelor , but he left $ 568,106 to the mother who gave birth to the most children in Toronto in the 10 years following his 1928 death . This bequest prompted what Canadians called "  the Baby Derby " as mothers raced to win the fortune . Finally , in 1938 four winners split the prize after giving birth to nine babies apiece . Mental Floss : Names you probably should n't give your kid 7 . Heinrich Heine The German poet left his entire fortune to his wife , but with one catch : she had to remarry "  because then there will be at least one man to regret my death . " 8 . S. Sanborn Sanborn , a 19th-century New England hatter , left a rather macabre bequest to a friend -- a pair of drums made from Sanborn 's skin . The friend received further instructions to go to Bunker Hill each June 17th and play "  Yankee Doodle Dandy " on the drums . 9 . T.M. Zink Zink , an Iowa lawyer who died in 1930 , must have had some pretty bad experiences with women . When he died he left his daughter a measly five bucks , and his wife got nothing . He stipulated that the rest of his $ 100,000 estate be put in a trust for 75 years , then used to create the Zink Womanless Library . The library would have no feminine decorations , no books or magazine articles by female authors , and was required to have "  No Women Admitted " carved into the stone over the entrance . 10 . Robert Louis Stevenson When the celebrated author died , he left his friend Annie H. Ide his birthday . Ide had previously complained to Stevenson about the inconvenience of being born on Christmas , so the writer left her November 13th as a new birthday provided she take care of it with "  moderation and humanity ... the said birthday not being so young as it once was . " 11 . Henry Budd It 's not clear how he originally made 200,000 pounds , but when Henry Budd died in 1862 , he left his substantial fortune to his two sons on the condition that neither sullied his lip with a mustache . 12 . Mark Gruenwald When longtime comic book writer and editor Mark Gruenwald died in 1996 , fans of the Marvel Comics icon probably thought they 'd seen the last of the former Captain America writer . Gruenwald had other ideas , though . He requested that his ashes be mixed into the ink used to print the first trade paperback anthology of Squadron Supreme , another one of his landmark creations . Mental Floss : 5 comic superheroes who made real-world difference For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	People have put some very bizarre stipulations in their wills Socialite buried "  in lace nightgown ... in my Ferrari , with seat slanted comfortably " Two very rich women left millions to their dogs Comic book writer had his ashes mixed with ink for anthology Iowa lawyer left money for library banning all female writers and visitors
CNN  -- President Obama is set to deliver the first State of the Union Address of his new term . On Tuesday evening , he will step before a joint session of Congress and a nation in difficult times . Unemployment rose in January to 7.9 % . There are signs of economic progress , but millions of Americans are struggling to find a job while others are desperate to keep the one they have . Other kinds of economic challenges face many people . The Pew Research Center recently released a study showing the growing number of adults who are struggling to support grown children and their parents , the "  Sandwich Generation " as they are called . The economy is just the tip of the iceberg . The issue of immigration needs to be resolved soon . Too many immigrants live in a state of constant uncertainty about their future , or that of their children . The tensions in this debate are heightened by the fact that state and local governments are struggling to find enough revenue to pay for crucial services such as education . The climate also remains in peril , as the wild weather patterns of the past year have shown . At the same time , Americans are still reeling from the deadly shooting incidents that have caused horrible bloodshed in movie theaters and schools and waiting to see what Washington does , or does not do , about guns . Then there are the countless foreign policy challenges we face . The State of the Union address gives President Obama a prime opportunity to lay out what he intends to do in the year ahead to guide the nation through these difficult challenges . Although there are limits to how much these speeches can change public opinion , especially in an age of partisan polarization where large segments of the electorate are hard to move , it still is a vital moment where he can help shape the agenda for the coming year and outline some key themes for public discussion . John King : Speech may do little to change Washington It may be tempting to list a series of measures Obama wants Congress to pass , but the president should use this speech to do something more than provide a laundry list , and the historical record offers some guidance about how . The speech can offer a vision . In 1941 , President Franklin Roosevelt gave one of the most historic State of the Union addresses when he outlined the Four Freedoms . He delivered his speech on the brink of America becoming involved in World War II . With Europe and Asia in the middle of a major military crisis , FDR defined the four freedoms that he believed should be the foundation of the international system : the freedom of speech and expression , the freedom to worship God , the freedom from want and , finally , the freedom from fear . "  That is no vision of a distant millennium . It is a definite basis for a kind of world attainable in our own time and generation , " FDR said . "  That kind of world is the very antithesis of the so-called new order of tyranny which the dictators seek to create with the crash of a bomb . " The speech was inspirational and offered a moral blueprint for the United States , both in its efforts at home and abroad for decades to come . If President Obama wants to sketch a set of legislative goals , he might look to President Johnson . In 1965 , LBJ was fresh off his landslide victory against Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater and he managed to outline a breathtaking agenda , offering proposals for government to expand its role in all walks of life , from education to health care to the environment . This was all part of the Great Society , a vision that Johnson had outlined a few months earlier at the University of Michigan but which came to life during the State of the Union address . "  The Great Society asks not how much , " Johnson said , "  but how good ; not only how to create wealth but how to use it ; not only how fast we are going , but where we are headed . " Sometimes the State of the Union address can be an opportunity for a president to take a risk , to set out an objective for the nation that might be controversial or might look impossible at the time , but which challenges Congress and the citizens to repair broken parts of society . In 1862 , President Abraham Lincoln , with America in the Civil War , insisted that the freedom of the slave was essential to the restoration of the union . "  We -- even we here -- hold the power , and bear the responsibility . In giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free -- honorable alike in what we give , and what we preserve . " The speech can also be a moment for honesty . One speech that often receives attention in top 10 lists is President Gerald Ford 's State of the Union address in 1975 . Ford is an unlikely candidate for any historic list , as he took over from Richard Nixon after his resignation and would n't be re-elected in 1976 . Ford governed in difficult economic times -- the nation was hit by the twin shock of inflation and unemployment , which came to be known as stagflation . When Ford went on the air , he was brutally honest . The state of the nation , he said , "  is not good . " Ford proceeded to outline what Americans were facing . "  Millions of Americans are out of work . Recession and inflation are eroding the money of millions more . Prices are too high , and sales are too slow . " While presidents usually like to use these speeches to make Americans feel good about where they are , President Obama might think about speaking straight to a nation frustrated with a new normal of stagnant growth , where politicians talk about economic improvement even as the workforce continually struggles with high rates of unemployment and economic insecurity . While Americans want a leader who can point a path forward , they also want to know that the person in the White House truly understands the pain many are suffering . In his first State of the Union address , delivered in January 2010 , President Obama stressed his promise to help the middle class and to fix the broken political process in Washington . "  We face a deficit of trust , " he said . In his second address , delivered after the Republicans had taken over the House and in the wake of the horrific shooting of Rep. Gabby Giffords , President Obama again appealed to the desire for unity . He also called on Congress to support a legislative package that would allow the United States to regain its competitive edge . In January 2012 , Obama , highlighted the differences between the parties -- the choice Americans would face in the upcoming election -- by calling on Congress to support investments in education , infrastructure and clean energy . He warned that growing economic inequality threatened the future of the middle class . "  We can either settle for a country where a shrinking number of people do really well , " he said , "  while a growing number of Americans barely get by or we can restore an economy where everyone gets a fair shot , everyone does their fair share and everyone plays by the same set of rules . " This time around , the president should think big , not necessarily about how much he wants to propose , but about the vision and ideas he wants to put forth to move the United States forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer	Julian Zelizer : Obama delivers first State of the Union of second term He says it 's an opportunity for president to sketch a broad vision for U.S. Speech comes at a time of continuing economic troubles in America , he says Zelizer : Obama can follow in the footsteps of FDR and LBJ
CNN  -- The photographer who took the picture of a man about to be fatally struck by a New York subway car said Thursday that he did so in a desperate attempt to alert the driver of the train to stop . "  From where I was , I could have screamed my lungs out ; probably nobody would have heard it , " R. Umar Abbasi told CNN 's Anderson Cooper about the incident Monday in which 58-year-old Ki-Suck Han had been shoved onto the tracks in a Times Square station as a train approached . "  The only way , I thought at that moment , was to start clicking away , releasing the shutter that will fire the flash , and make him aware that this is an unusual occurrence -- why is there a burst of light hitting him -- and catch Mr. Han on the track . " Abbasi , who asked that CNN note that he was not paid for the interview  CNN does not pay for any interviews  , estimated that he had been 400 feet from Han when he saw in his peripheral vision a body being flung onto the tracks . "  There was a collective gasp that went into the air that really got my attention , " he said . "  People started waving their hands and screaming because , a few moments earlier , they had made an announcement that the train will be approaching the station and I could see the distant lights of the approaching train . " Abbasi said he started running toward Han but stood aside and braced himself against the wall when he realized that the suspect was approaching him . "  He seemed agitated , and as he was approaching , he was cursing and using profanities . " Abbasi said the only thing he might have done differently would have been to urge Han to try to outrun the train . "  I would have said , ` Mr. Han , run the other direction , ' " he said . "  There were only about three cars in the station and all he had to do was outrun three cars and he would have lived . " Abbasi said he would have saved Han had he been able to do so . "  It was n't important to get the photograph ; the photograph came out as a result of my effort -- or what I could think at that moment to do . " Though he said he heard others urging Han to get up , "  I do n't know why anyone did not reach out . " Abbasi said Han 's end came quickly . "  I could hear the sounds , " he said . "  I do not want to be too graphic about it for respect for the family , but I could hear all the sounds . Mr. Han did not scream or anything , this is how fast it transpired . " The whole experience , he said , has been traumatic for him . "  If I have to narrate the whole thing , it 's like reliving it . I did not sleep for close to 36 , 40 hours . " Even three days later , he said , the photograph is chilling to him . "  It 's like I am looking at his end . And the oncoming train -- the metaphor for it -- death staring him down . " Abbasi dismissed those who say he should have helped as "  armchair critics . " Naeem Davis , 30 , a homeless man , was arraigned late Wednesday in Han 's death and charged with second-degree murder . His next scheduled court appearance is Tuesday . Opinion : Why the outrage over photo in subway death Abbasi said he did n't look at the pictures before returning to the office and turning his camera 's memory card over to police . The Post published them the next day . "  Doomed " the headline screamed . "  Pushed on the subway track , this man is about to die . " Readers and media critics quickly jumped on the newspaper 's decision to use the image . On Twitter , users posted that it was cruel and "  snuff porn . " Lauren Ashburn , a media critic and editor in chief of the website Daily Download , called it "  profit-motive journalism at its worst . " "  It 's insensitive , it 's inappropriate , it 's sickening rubbernecking , " she said Wednesday . But Howard Kurtz , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " and the Washington bureau chief for The Daily Beast and Newsweek , said he sees an argument for publishing the image . "  Because this is every New Yorker 's nightmare , " he said . "  I do still wonder why the photographer 's first instinct was to take pictures , " he said . "  I do wonder that . " Jeff Sonderman , a fellow at the journalism think tank Poynter Institute , wrote on the organization 's website that it appeared journalists were largely critical of the decision . "  Even if you accept that that photographer and other bystanders did everything they could to try to save the man , it 's a separate question of what the Post should have done with that photo , " he wrote . "  All journalists we 've seen talking about it online concluded the Post was wrong to use the photo , especially on its front page . " Kenny Irby , a senior faculty member for visual journalism and diversity programs at Poynter , said Tuesday that what the paper did was n't necessarily wrong . "  It was not illegal or unethical given that ethical guidelines and recommendations are not absolute , " he said in an e-mail . But he also said the Post should have used another image . "  This moment was such for me -- it was too private in my view , " he wrote . "  I am all for maximizing truth telling , while minimizing harm , which can be done by fully vetting the alternatives available and publishing with a sense of compassion and respect . " The Post is no stranger to walking up to the lines of journalistic ethics -- and sometimes crossing them -- with its pithy , often lurid , coverage of crime and other news in the Big Apple . "  HEADLESS BODY IN TOPLESS BAR , " the newspaper once famously shouted from its cover . Nor is the Post shot the first news photo to generate ethics concerns . An Agence France-Presse photo that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize generated controversy for its depiction of a girl in Afghanistan crying amid a number of bloody bodies . Also this year , the New York Times published a graphic image showing blood streaming from the body of a victim after a fatal August shooting at the Empire State Building . At the time , Poynter quoted a Times spokeswoman as saying the image was "  a newsworthy photograph that shows the result and impact of a public act of violence . " CNN 's Marina Carver , Pauline Kim , Yon Pomrenze and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I would have said , ` Mr. Han , run the other direction , ' " photographer says "  I had no idea what I was shooting , " the photographer writes in a New York Post piece A media critic calls the photo "  profit-motive journalism at its worst " The image shows a man moments before he 's struck by a subway train
CNN  -- Police expanded their search Friday for a man who either jumped or fell from a small plane as it flew off the Florida coast near Miami . The pilot of the single-engine Piper PA-46 aircraft called air traffic controllers Thursday afternoon to say his passenger -- the only other person on board the flight -- had fallen out of the plane . "  He opened the back door and he just fall down the plane , " the pilot said , according to a recording of the conversation . The pilot said he was flying at 1,800 feet about two miles from the shore when the man fell . Authorities identified the man as Gerardo Nales , a 42-year-old man from Key Biscayne , Florida . After searching until dark Thursday , authorities resumed their efforts early Friday , expanding the search area based on currents and weather conditions , police said . Police think it 's unlikely Nales could have survived the fall . They 're describing the search as a recovery mission . A police spokeswoman said it was unclear whether Nales accidentally fell out of the plane or deliberately jumped . Investigators questioned the 47-year-old pilot but did not release his name . Homicide detectives also are involved , as they are in all death investigations , Miami-Dade police spokeswoman Sgt. Robin Pinkard said . The pilot first told air traffic controllers that a door was open on the plane , then added that a passenger had fallen out . "  I have a door ajar , " he said , "  and a passenger that fell down . " The Piper PA-46 -- a private plane -- went on to land safely at Kendall-Tamiami Executive Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Baez declined to say whether the owner of the plane was on the flight . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Alina Machado , Mike M. Ahlers and Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify man who fell from plane as a 42-year-old from Key Biscayne Police expand search for man who fell or jumped from plane Pilot : "  He opened the back door and he just fall down the plane " Police think it 's unlikely the man could have survived
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Going to the prom is a highlight in many teenagers ' lives . But attending a prom is n't always an option for some young people , including those with special needs . Alex Gonzales passes under the Marines ' sword arch Saturday in Washington as he arrives at the prom . That 's where Helen McCormick comes in . "  We are dreaming for children who are excluded from their proms , and ... you 're going to see people walk through the doors who are going to be just absolutely mesmerized , " said McCormick , president of a Virginia-based nonprofit called The House , Inc. . For the past four years , McCormick has organized a prom specifically for children with special needs . This year 's prom , dubbed "  The Cinderella Ball , " was held Saturday night at the Willard InterContinental Hotel in Washington . More than 150 teens attended the gala , where they were greeted by 41 Marines . Each one of the teens went down a red carpet , under a Marine Corps sword arch , before being seated for dinner . Watch scenes from the spectacular prom " "  The children that will be coming are various disabled children with kidney  ailments  , children that are literally terminally ill , children with cerebral palsy , Down syndrome and autism , " McCormick said before the event . Norman Gonzales brought his 13-year-old son , Alex. "  Their social life is very limited at school and outside school as well , so something like this is very good because they come to a place where they find themselves with people that they can relate to , " Gonzales said . This was Alex Gonzales ' first prom and he said he had a great time . "  Coming to an event like this -- I think it 's a great experience , " he said . The entertainment for the evening was 2007 "  American Idol " winner Jordin Sparks . "  I think it 's so amazing with all the kids that they get to have their prom . They get to dress up and feel really beautiful and have this night dedicated to them , " Sparks said . Most of the teens attending the prom were accompanied by a parent or friend . Some of them brought dates . It was a night many of them said they would n't forget anytime soon . Victor Padgett attended the festivities with his daughter , Dede . He said events like these prove that the human spirit is alive and well . "  There is hope . There is love , and there is compassion for everyone , " he said .	"  The Cinderella Ball " is held at the Willard InterContinental Hotel in Washington Teens with illnesses , autism , Down syndrome get to attend a prom of their own Teens go down a red carpet and under a Marine Corps sword arch before dinner Organizer Helen McCormick arranges top talent -- 2007 "  Idol " winner Jordin Sparks
CNN  -- Roger Federer staged a remarkable fightback on Friday to reach the last 16 at Wimbledon and avoid following great rival Rafael Nadal in exiting the grass-court grand slam before the end of its first week . At two sets down against Julien Benneteau , Federer seemed set to suffer the same fate as Nadal -- who lost to little-known world No. 100 Lukas Rosol on Thursday . But the man who has won a record 16 grand slam titles showed on Centre Court that he will not give up on his bid to match Pete Sampras ' leading seven London crowns . Benneteau , ranked 32nd , had beaten the Swiss superstar once in the last of their previous three meetings in 2009 -- and the big-serving Frenchman was up for the challenge again as he won the first set 6-4 and then took the second 7-3 in a tie-break . Federer had to come from two sets down in his first-round Wimbledon match in 2010 , and he pulled off the feat for the eighth time in his career after winning the third set 6-2 , leveling with a crucial 8-6 tie-breaker and then cruising 6-1 in the decider after his fellow 30-year-old called for treatment on a leg injury . "  It was a tight match and maybe I had a bit of luck on my side . It was tough and brutal . I fought until the end to stay alive , " said Federer , who also retrieved a two-set deficit in his French Open quarterfinal against Juan Martin del Potro earlier this month . Federer will next take on another experienced opponent in Belgium 's Xavier Malisse , a semifinalist at Wimbledon in 2002 . The 31-year-old , who also reached the fourth round last year , progressed with an equally battling 1-6 7-6  7-5  6-1 4-6 6-3 victory against Spanish 17th seed Fernando Verdasco . Federer is moving towards a semifinal clash with world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who had to come from a set down before beating Czech 28th seed Radek Stepanek earlier on Friday . "  I was a set down , but managed to make the crucial break in the opening game of the second set , and then I thought I played really well , " the defending champion said after winning 4-6 6-2 6-2 6-2 in two hours and 48 minutes . He will next face fellow Serbian Viktor Troicki , who beat Argentine 15th seed Juan Monaco to reach the last 16 at Wimbledon for the first time and only the second at any of the four grand slams . If he beats Troicki , Djokovic will take on either French 18th seed Richard Gasquet or German No. 31 Florian Mayer . Federer faces a possible quarterfinal against Russian 26th seed Mikhail Youzhny or Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomen . Youzhny ended the hopes of Djokovic 's eighth-seeded compatriot Janko Tipsarevic , who was aiming to reach the fourth round for the first time since 2008 but went down 6-3 6-4 3-6 6-3 . Istomen also won in four sets against Colombia 's Alejandro Falla , who famously blew a two-set lead against Federer two years ago . The 26-year-old has reached the last 16 of a grand slam for the first time in his career . Milos Raonic has been tipped as Sampras ' successor , but the big-serving Canadian bowed out of the tournament after losing 6-7  3-7  7-6  9-7  7-6  10-8  6-4 to unseeded American Sam Querrey in their delayed second-round match . Querrey , who reached the fourth round in his last appearance in 2010 , will play Croatia 's Marin Cilic for a place in the last 16 on Saturday .	World No. 3 Roger Federer survives big scare against Julien Benneteau at Wimbledon Swiss star comes from two sets down against the Frenchman to reach the fourth round Six-time Wimbledon winner will next play another veteran in Belgium 's Xavier Malisse He is on course for a semifinal showdown with defending champion Novak Djokovic
CNN  -- As tens of thousands of people cheered Barack Obama 's presidential victory at his home base in Chicago , Illinois , others were celebrating near his future house . People celebrate the victory of President-Elect Barack Obama outside the White House early Wednesday . At least 1,000 people gathered on Washington 's Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House late Tuesday night , shouting "  Obama ! Obama ! " and "  Yes we can ! " Uniformed Secret Service officers were overheard , saying they 'd never seen anything like it . In Boston , Massachusetts , thousands of people -- many of them college students -- hit the streets to celebrate the election of the country 's 44th president . The sound of car horns could be heard across the city , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . iReport.com : See , share your reaction Boston police said the celebrations were peaceful , but they closed some streets to control the crowds , WCVB reported . In Chicago 's Grant Park , where police estimated at least 200,000 had gathered to hear Obama claim victory , the crowd erupted in cheers and screams after news organizations projected him the winner . Watch Obama address the crowd " One of them , Brian Braddy of Chicago , said he is a Republican-turned-Democrat . "  I believe in -LSB- Obama -RSB- because he 's younger , so he sees things differently , I hope , " Braddy said . Talk-show host Oprah Winfrey was also among the thousands in attendance at the Chicago celebration . "  It feels like hope won , " Winfrey said . "  It feels like it 's not just victory for ... Barack Obama . It feels like America did the right thing . "  It feels like there 's a shift in consciousness . It feels like something really big and bold has happened here -- like nothing ever in our lifetimes did we expect this to happen . It feels like anything is now possible . " In Harlem , New York , hundreds had gathered to watch election returns on a large screen in a plaza near the Apollo Theater . Many cheered or started making calls to relatives and friends when Obama 's victory was announced . Many there said they could n't believe an African-American had been elected president in their lifetimes . People were celebrating in the streets into the night in other cities , including San Francisco , California and Seattle , Washington . iReport.com : Obama win celebrated in Antarctica In Atlanta , the Rev. Bernice King , youngest daughter of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , hailed the first African-American president-elect . When asked what Obama 's victory meant to her , she said it meant "  that the work that my mother and father sacrificed for was not in vain . " "  I was very touched tonight and moved to tears when I heard the announcement , and I know that this is something that my father would be proud of America for , " King said . "  He would be proud of the many young people who turned out at the polls to make this possible , and it 's a new dawning ... in America . " Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton , Obama 's main rival for the Democratic nomination for president , said Obama 's win is a "  historic victory for the American people . " See what people are saying about Obama 's victory " "  In quiet , solitary acts of citizenship , American voters gave voice to their hopes and their values , voted for change , and refused to be invisible any longer , " she said . Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , said "  Americans spoke loud and clear and demanded change by electing Barack Obama as our next president . " "  They understood his vision of a fairer and more just America and embraced it , " Kennedy said . "  They heard his call for a new generation of Americans to participate in government and were inspired . They believed that change is possible and voted to be part of America 's future . "  Barack Obama is my friend and tonight , I 'm very proud to call him my president . I look forward to working with him and Joe Biden on the many challenges facing our country here at home and around the world . " U.S. House Republican Leader John Boehner of Ohio congratulated Obama for "  an achievement that is an important milestone for our democracy . " "  President Lincoln , the first and greatest Republican president , envisioned an America in which the blessings and opportunities of liberty were truly and equally available to all citizens , regardless of race or creed , " Boehner said in a statement . "  The party of Lincoln stands together with all Americans tonight in heralding this historic achievement for freedom , and also in thanking Sen. John McCain for his decades of patriotism and service to our nation . " CNN 's Elaine Quijano , Alina Cho and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Hundreds gather outside White House to celebrate Obama 's victory Oprah Winfrey in Chicago : "  It feels like America did the right thing . " More than 200,000 gather in Chicago to hear Obama claim victory Hillary Rodham Clinton hails "  historic victory for the American people "
President Barack Obama tried to shame the nation and Congress into action against gun violence Thursday , saying it is time to pass new laws after the tears and grief of tragedies like the Newtown massacre in December that killed 20 first-graders . "  We need everybody to remember how we felt 100 days ago and make sure that what we said at that time was n't just a bunch of platitudes , that we meant it , " Obama said at a White House event on a national day of action by supporters of tougher gun laws . His voice both somber and angry , Obama told the audience , which included family members of Newtown victims , that "  we 've cried enough " and it is time now for Americans to pressure their elected leaders to pass a package of laws proposed by Senate Democrats . The proposals , all recommended by the president in the aftermath of the killings at an elementary school in Connecticut , include expanded background checks , tougher laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases , and improving safety at schools . Fierce opposition led by the influential National Rifle Association and conservative politicians has made passage of the measures uncertain . In addition , polls conducted over the past few weeks suggest that more than three months after the Newtown killings , public backing for major new gun laws has dropped . Obama noted the political challenge as well as the poll numbers . "  There are some powerful voices on the other side who are interested in running out the clock , or changing the subject , " the president said , adding that "  their assumption is that people will just forget about it . " If that happens , Obama said , then "  shame on us if we 've forgotten . " In trying to rally further public outcry , he declared that "  nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for change . " Along with the White House event , the national day of action included rallies and other gatherings in cities across the country by supporters of new gun legislation . "  There are 80 million moms in this country , " said Shannon Watts , founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America , after the White House event . "  This is a non-partisan issue . It does n't matter if you 're a Republican or if you 're a Democrat . We need to come together under one umbrella and say ` enough . ' " In addition , a group called Mayors Against Illegal Guns launched a $ 12 million ad campaign targeting members of Congress in 10 states to act on the legislation backed by Obama and approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee on mostly partisan lines . Another proposal passed by the committee -- a ban on semiautomatic firearms that are modeled after military assault rifles -- already appears doomed . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid dropped the ban -- proposed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California -- from the package going to the Senate floor because it lacked enough support to overcome a GOP filibuster . Reid said it can still be offered as an amendment to force a vote , as sought by Obama and Feinstein . Newtown families featured in first political ad Even if gun legislation passes the Democratic-led Senate , it has less chance of winning approval in the Republican-controlled House . Obama rejected arguments by opponents of the legislation that the measures would strip Americans of their constitutional right to bear arms . "  What we 're proposing is not radical . It 's not taking away anyone 's guns rights , " the president said in warning legislators against getting "  squishy because time has passed and maybe it 's not on the news every day . " Instead , he said , it 's time to demonstrate that the American character includes being "  willing to follow through on what we say is important . " Obama and others pushing for tougher gun laws say the December attack by a lone gunman that killed 20 first-graders and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , showed the need for national action against gun violence . They note the killer , 20-year-old Adam Lanza , used a semiautomatic rifle with 30-round capacity magazines , both of which would be banned under Feinstein 's proposal . Opponents of tougher gun laws , led by the NRA , argue most gun violence involves pistols in urban areas , rather than the semiautomatic firearms targeted by Feinstein . Better enforcement of existing laws and posting armed security guards in schools would be more effective remedies , according to the NRA . Watts , however told reporters her group of American moms rejects the NRA prescription for the country . "  We are not going to put our kids in schools with shields and send them to school in bulletproof backpacks and let the good guys shoot it out with the bad guys over our kids ' heads , " Watts said . Police released new documents Thursday related to the Newtown shootings that say police found more than 1,600 rounds of ammunition in the home where Lanza killed his mother with one of her own guns , shooting her in the forehead as she lay in bed . Lanza then went to the elementary school , shooting his way inside and opening fire on classrooms with a semiautomatic rifle before killing himself to end the rampage , which lasted less than five minutes , the documents showed . Documents reveal new details about Sandy Hook shootings , but no motive "  This is exactly why we need to ban high-capacity magazines and why we need to tighten our assault weapons ban , " Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Thursday . "  I do n't know what more we can need to know before we take decisive action to prevent gun violence . " After the Newtown shootings , some states -- including New York -- passed tougher gun laws . While the fervor for stronger legislation was high in the immediate aftermath of the shootings , a CBS News survey released this week indicates a 10-point decrease in support of stricter gun laws , from 57 % immediately after the Newtown shootings to 47 % now . That poll was in line with a CNN/ORC International survey released last week that indicated a 9-point drop in the percentage of Americans who favor major restrictions on guns or an outright ban on gun ownership , from 52 % following the shootings to 43 % . Other polls have shown changes in the same downward direction . "  Opinion on gun control was fairly steady over the past few years , but seemed to spike after the Connecticut shootings , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  The big question is whether support for major new gun laws has simply dropped back down to that previous level or whether the slide will continue even further . " Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? He noted that the biggest drop came among two specific demographics -- older Americans and people who live in rural areas . "  In the immediate aftermath of the shootings in Connecticut , the number of rural Americans who supported major gun restrictions rose to 49 % but now that support has dropped 22 points , " Holland said . "  Support for stricter gun laws dropped 16 points among Americans over 50 years old in that same time . " However , Obama noted that polls also show strong support across the spectrum , including among gun owners , for expanding background checks to prevent firearms from ending up in the hands of the mentally ill and criminals . The CBS poll showed that 90 % of respondents agreed , and the president noted that support , asking Thursday "  how often do 90 % of Americans agree on anything ? " He urged people to find out where their congressional representatives stand on the gun legislation , adding that if a legislator is n't "  part of the 90 % , ask why not . " Polls suggest Congress might have waited too long on gun control	Shannon Watts , head of an American mothers ' group , says the issue is non-partisan President Obama urges people to pressure elected leaders to pass new gun laws The Senate will take up a package of proposals , but passage is uncertain Polls show support for new gun laws is on the wane
CNN  -- Israel is taking steps to defend itself against threatened retaliation from Syria after claims it launched a night assault on a suburb of the capital Damascus on Sunday . This was believed to be the second Israeli attack in three days . The country positioned rocket interception batteries along its northern border and closed northern airspace to civil aviation after Syria vowed it would "  suffer " for the alleged airstrikes on what it called a "  scientific research facility . " Israel declined to comment on reported attacks . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Frederick Pleitgen , Syria 's Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad called the alleged assault a "  declaration of war . " Meanwhile , condemnation flowed from its allies , including Iran , which said the "  vicious acts " could "  jeopardize  the  security of the entire region . " What do we know about the extent of Israel 's intervention ? We know what 's being claimed by Syria , and that is that several explosions hit the scientific research center in Jamraya early Sunday , killing 42 Syrian soldiers , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Monday , citing medical sources . It said 100 people remained missing . Syria 's state news agency , Sana , said early information indicated the explosions were caused by Israeli rockets , though Israel has a policy or refusing to comment on attacks attributed to its military . It 's not the first time Israel has targeted the site , Sana reported , pointing to an attack on January 30 . At the time , a U.S. official told CNN the claim was false , saying that Israeli fighter jets targeted a Syrian government convoy carrying surface-to-air missiles bound for the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon . Syria denied there were such shipments . Last week , two U.S. officials backed up Syrian claims that Israel had launched airstrikes in the country on Thursday or Friday , taking the total number of potential strikes within Syrian territory to three , including Sunday 's alleged attack . On Sunday , the Lebanese Army and UNIFIL -- the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon -- intensified their patrols along Lebanon 's border with Israel , according to Lebanon 's national news agency . It said the move followed the alleged blasts and "  intensified Israeli Army patrols " along the " ` Blue Line ' within the occupied territories . " United Nations Security-General Ban Ki-Moon has urged all sides to exercise "  maximum calm and restraint . " However , Ban 's spokesman said in a statement issued on Sunday that the United Nations could not "  independently verify what has occurred . " Is Israel saying anything ? Israel 's long-standing policy has been to deny comment on claims of attacks . However , it has previously said that it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups , as well as any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel . Shaul Mofaz , a lawmaker in Israel 's Knesset or parliament , told Israeli Army Radio on Sunday that Israel was n't meddling in Syria 's civil war . But he insisted that Israel must protect itself from Lebanese militants . "  For Israel , it is very important that the front group for Iran , which is in Lebanon , needs to be stopped , " Mofaz said . "  Hezbollah is deeply involved up to its neck in what is happening in Syria , " Mofaz said , before adding "  Hezbollah helps the Iranians navigate against the rebels . " How is Hezbollah involved , and what is its connection to Iran ? The supply of weapons by Iran to Hezbollah in Lebanon is thought to be at the heart of the issue . Iran has long supported Hezbollah with funding and weapons , which it 's alleged are smuggled via Syria to the organization 's Lebanese base . After Sunday 's strike , Iran 's foreign minister phoned his counterpart in Syria and "  praised the resistance by the Syrian government against the enemies ' plots . " Hezbollah is a Shiite militant group regarded by Israel and the United States as a terrorist organization , although its political wing is a key player in Lebanon 's government . It has been linked to a number of attacks against Israeli , U.S. and other Western targets . In 2006 , Israel and Hezbollah fought a month-long war in Lebanon , northern Israel and the Golan Heights which ended with a U.N.-brokered cease-fire . At the time , Israel was said to be surprised by the intensity and weaponry displayed by the Hezbollah forces . Israel says it has intelligence that Hezbollah has long been supported by the Syrian government and Hezbollah has in turn been supporting the Syrian regime throughout the country 's civil war . Hezbollah has been accused of sending fighters into Syria to support the Assad regime in the south and south west , but has denied these claims , saying its militants have , only recently , begun defending Lebanese border villages from attack by Syrian rebels . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus disclosed that Syria had begun delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah , according to official cables leaked to and published by WikiLeaks . How real are fears that this could lead to a regional Middle East war ? Few sides at this point would logically appreciate a widening of the conflict -- but hopes of resolving it seem as distant as ever . "  The Syrian struggle has not only spread into Syria 's neighbors , like Lebanon , Iraq , Jordan and Turkey -- but has also become a battlefield wherein Israel and Iran are challenging each other , " Fawaz Gerges , professor of international relations at the London School of Economics , wrote in an opinion piece for CNN . "  There is also a fierce geostrategic rivalry unfolding in Syria between Sunni-dominant Saudi Arabia and Shiite Iran , a rivalry invested and fuelled with sectarianism . A real danger exists that this complex conflict in Syria could escalate into a region-wide battle involving Syria 's major allies -- Iran and Hezbollah , and Israel , other regional powers , and the Western states . " Analysts say that as part of the Lebanese government the group would be risking a great deal if it responded to Israeli aggression with force . Israeli officials are betting that al-Assad will not retaliate , both because his forces have their hands full already and because any strike against Israel would risk Israeli counterstrikes that might seriously degrade his advantages in the civil war , like airpower . "  They do n't want to open a new front that might be the last one they open , " says one Israeli military official on condition of anonymity . "  They would suffer a knockout punch . " Syria 's military is exhausted by the civil war and it would make little sense to open a new front against the best equipped military in the region , unless it was in a last-ditch attempt to garner flagging support as its internal morale vanished . But two years into the Syrian civil war there does not seem to be a military solution . "  It is a long war of attrition with no end in sight , " wrote Gerges . "  Neither internal camp seems to have the means to deliver a decisive blow . "  Only a political solution will put an end to the shedding of Syrian blood and prevent the unthinkable : a region-wide conflict that would have catastrophic consequences . " Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report	Israel takes steps to defend itself after claims it launched an assault on Damascus In exclusive interview with CNN , Syrian official called alleged assault "  declaration of war " Few would logically appreciate widening of conflict , but hopes of resolving it seem distant
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- For years , Kathy Broussard flew her single-engine Piper Cherokee across Texas , bringing critically ill patients to Houston for life-saving medical treatments . "  I would pick up patients and drop them off ... and they would call a cab , and that was how it was done , " said Broussard , who was part of a group of volunteer pilots who flew in patients from all over Texas . In 1999 , one of her frequent-flyer patients , Eva , called Broussard and said she would n't be coming in . "  She started crying and says , ` Kathy , I do n't have cab fare . ' " Houston , Texas , is home to many medical centers , including MD Anderson Cancer Center , one of the world 's premier cancer treatment facilities . But cab fare from Houston 's main airports to the treatment centers can range from $ 50 to more than $ 100 each way . For patients struggling financially , that expense alone can keep them from getting the treatments they need to stay alive . "  People lose everything . They lose their cars ; they lose their homes . They 're living with relatives . They would n't have cab fare . A lot of people would just stay home and die , " said Broussard , 60 . "  And that 's just not acceptable . " So Broussard started a group she called Houston Ground Angels , organizing volunteers to drive patients to and from Houston 's airports and treatment centers for free . Today , driving her red pickup along Texas highways , Broussard credits Eva -- who passed away in 2001 from colon cancer -- as the inspiration for the program . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes "  I said , ` Eva , I 'll drive you down . ' I put her in my truck and went downtown . And then , all of the sudden , it just popped in my head , ' I wonder if -LSB- other people in -RSB- Houston would be interested in this ? ' " Broussard placed an ad in the Houston Chronicle calling for volunteer drivers , and the response was overwhelming . About 300 people called to sign up . At the time , Broussard was a single mother of five working full-time at an oil refinery . She spent her spare time coordinating the drivers , or "  ground angels . " When pilots alerted Broussard that they were flying in a patient , she would arrange for a ground angel to meet them . "  I was on the phone all the time . I carried a spiral notebook with all the volunteers ' names and numbers in it , " Broussard said . Ultimately , the pilots liked the program so much that they asked to join , and the organization became the Houston Ground Angels and Pilots . Today , the group includes nearly 50 pilots and 300 drivers . Patients contact the organization to request ground transportation from a Houston airport or a flight from their regional airport . Requests are posted on the group 's website , and volunteers sign up for each "  mission . " Missions take place seven days a week . Rides are provided to patients who arrive into the Houston area on a commercial flight or who 've been flown in to a regional airport by one of the program 's pilots . The group also helps fly in patients from the Gulf Coast , Oklahoma and Arkansas by working with other volunteer flying organizations whose pilots cover part of the distance . Since 2001 , the group has completed about 6,000 missions -- most of them rides , along with hundreds of flights . Broussard says many volunteers are drawn to the group because they have lost loved ones to cancer . Cathy Laflen , 62 , has been relying on the group for eight years . After she was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2001 , the cost of treatment crippled her financially . Unable to work , she lost her home and her car . Laflen , who lives about 4 1/2 hours from Houston by car , was referred to MD Anderson Cancer Center but lacked the funds or transportation to get there . With the help of Broussard 's team , Laflen has been able to fly into Houston and get treated . She credits the volunteers with giving her hope . "  They 've saved my life , " Laflen said . "  Anytime that I need to come up here , they do it . The ground angels have everything set up . I do n't have to worry . I would have died a long time ago , because they have nothing like this down where I live . " Patients receiving transportation from Broussard 's group must submit proof of their medical need . Those requesting flights also must have a letter from their doctor saying that they need air transport and that they are well enough for it . Recently retired , Broussard is now a full-time volunteer . She and her team aim to make sure that patients coming into town for treatment travel without stress . "  There 's no worry , because there is going to be somebody that 's going to fly them , " she said . "  There will be somebody that will pick them up . They 're not thrown to the wolves in the big Houston metropolis , of being afraid of where to go . " Broussard -- who has also opened her house to patients who ca n't afford a place to stay -- said the program hits home the most when she sees patients thriving despite being told they had a limited life expectancy . "  They tell us all the time that they get their strength through us , " she said . "  If they only knew it 's the other way around . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Houston Ground Angels and Pilots website at http://www.houstongroundangels.org/ and see how to help . You can nominate a 2010 CNN Hero at cnnheroes.com .	Kathy Broussard organized group of volunteer pilots , drivers to help patients get to hospitals Many patients are too financially strapped to afford flights , cab fare Houston Ground Angels and Pilots has completed 6,000 ground or air missions Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
U.S. authorities regard Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , 47 , as a core member of al Qaeda -- present with the group 's leadership during Osama bin Laden 's final stand at Tora Bora in December 2001 , and subsequently as one of its key spokesmen . He is married to one of the late al Qaeda leader 's daughters , Fatima . After al Qaeda 's leadership was scattered , Abu Ghaith escaped to Pakistan and subsequently turned up in Iran . The Islamic Republic was not overjoyed by his presence and in 2003 tried to return him to his country of birth : Kuwait . But the then-Kuwaiti foreign minister said the idea had been rejected . Abu Ghaith had been stripped of his Kuwaiti citizenship soon after 9/11 . And so Abu Ghaith spent much of the next decade in Iran , in some sort of loose house arrest . According to Turkish media reports he arrived in Ankara at the beginning of February -- traveling on a forged Saudi passport . Bin Laden 's son-in-law , once al Qaeda 's ` mouthpiece , ' held by U.S. Sources in Turkey say he checked into an upscale hotel in the capital , but was subsequently detained at the United States ' request . The Turkish authorities were apparently anxious that to extradite him directly to the United States could provoke a backlash by al Qaeda sympathizers . He had not committed any crime on Turkish soil -- and according to Turkish law , foreign nationals who enter the country on a forged passport must be deported to the country from which they had traveled . But the Iranians refused to take him back , according to Turkish sources . So after several weeks in limbo , the decision was made to deport Abu Ghaith to Kuwait . And a few days ago , according to one source , he was put on a plane for Amman , Jordan -- an intermediate stop on his journey home . But somewhere along the way , he was handed over to U.S. custody and diverted to New York . The capture was confirmed Thursday by two administration officials and a federal law enforcement official . It 's unclear how much , if anything , Abu Ghaith knew about the planning for the 9/11 attacks . One detainee at the naval base in Guantanamo Bay , Adel Zamel Abd al Mahsen al Zamel , is said to have moved his own family and Abu Ghaith 's from Kuwait to Afghanistan "  immediately prior to the September 11 2001 attacks , " according to his detainee assessment . According to the 9/11 Commission report , there was disagreement among al Qaeda 's leadership about launching a major operation against the United States in 2001 . Taliban leader Mullah Omar was opposed , but those who reportedly sided with bin Laden included Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- and Abu Ghaith . ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot bin Laden The picture that emerges of Abu Ghaith from the testimony of detainees at Guantanamo Bay is of someone close to decision-making in al Qaeda immediately after the 9/11 attacks . Several reported seeing him in meetings at Tora Bora with other al Qaeda leaders . Other detainees describe meeting him in Kabul , Kandahar  a Taliban stronghold  and at al Qaeda 's al-Faruq training camp . Said Salih Said Nashir said Abu Ghaith addressed detainees there . And his phone number was found on the SIM card of another detainee . A U.S. Justice Department complaint said , "  On the morning of September 12 , 2001 , Abu  Ghaith  appeared with Bin Laden and Zawahiri , and spoke on behalf of al Qaeda , warning the United States and its allies that " -LSB- a -RSB- great army is gathering against you " and called upon "  the nation of Islam " to do battle against "  the Jews , the Christians and the Americans . " As the United States launched air strikes against Taliban and al Qaeda targets in October 2001 , Abu Ghaith emerged as the voice of al Qaeda , recording one video message in which he said : "  The Al-Qaeda organization declares that Bush Senior , Bush Junior , Clinton , Blair and Sharon are the arch-criminals from among the Zionists and Crusaders . " And in a later statement , published in 2002 , he said : "  We are continuing with our blows against the Americans and the Jews , and with attacking them , both people and installations -LSB- so as to stress -RSB- that what awaits the Americans will not , Allah willing , be less than what has already happened to them . America must prepare itself ; it must go on maximum alert . " In the same statement he said : "  The Americans have still not tasted from our hands what we have tasted from theirs ... We have  the  right to kill four million Americans , " including with chemical and biological weapons . One Moroccan detainee interviewed after being transferred home from Guantanamo said he and Abu Ghaith had spent time in bin Laden 's company after the beginning of the U.S. bombing offensive in Afghanistan in October 2001 before traveling with al Qaeda 's leader to Tora Bora . The new story of the death of Osama bin Laden "  During the month of Ramadan ... we entered Tora Bora where we stayed for 20 days . From there , Ayman al-Zawahiri fled accompanied by Suleiman Abu Ghaith and Uthman , the son of Osama Bin Laden , " the detainee stated . And in an interview with Al Majallah magazine in 2002 , one of Osama bin Laden 's wives described Abu Ghaith as one of the closest confidants to the al Qaeda leader . In the 1990s , Abu Ghaith developed a reputation in Kuwait as a militant preacher Nasir al Bahri -- who was bin Laden 's personal bodyguard in the late 1990s -- told the newspaper al Quds al Arabi in 2005 that Abu Ghaith "  gave a Friday sermon in Kuwait and spoke about Osama bin Laden and defended him and about the Al-Qa ` ida Organization ... . He attacked the United States and its allies , and incited the youths against the United States ... He was immediately arrested . " "  I think that the harassment he faced in Kuwait and the ban on his sermons there made him go to Afghanistan and officially join the al Qaeda organization , " al Bahri said . It was the beginning of a long journey that will culminate in Abu Ghaith 's appearance in a Manhattan federal courtroom Friday .	Detained man believed to be core al Qaeda member He is married to one of bin Laden 's daughters Ghaith emerged as voice of the organization
CNN  -- Keeping up with the changes in coaching personnel on the men 's tennis tour can be difficult these days . Just ask Goran Ivanisevic . "  When I came into the locker room , I see the guys , " explains the 2001 Wimbledon champion . "  I thought I might be mistaken . Are we on the Champions Tour ?! " The Croat 's tongue-in-cheek remark made at the start of the Australian Open serves to illustrate a novel situation where former grand slam winners are suddenly all the rage with today 's top players . Ivanisevic -- coach to compatriot Marin Cilic since 2010 -- and Ivan Lendl  who has been with Andy Murray since 2011  are old hands compared to the likes of Boris Becker and Stefan Edberg , who surprised everyone at the end of last year when they accepted roles with Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer respectively . The German and the Swede met 35 times in the 1980s and 1990s , famously contesting three consecutive Wimbledon finals . Edberg won that particular battle 2-1 with both men finishing their careers with six grand slam titles . But how will they fair as coaches ? Pat Cash , a former rival of both and host of CNN 's Open Court , admitted to "  surprise and disbelief " when he got wind of Becker 's appointment . He was n't the only one . "  When Novak announced that Boris was going to be working with him I was honestly very surprised for a couple of reasons , " two-time U.S. Open champion Tracy Austin told CNN . "  Novak had such a strong fall -- he was undefeated since the final of the U.S. Open where he lost to Rafael Nadal . He was 24-0 in the fall , so he was playing so well , " she added . "  The other thing that came to mind was that I was surprised Boris wanted to do it . He seems to have such a full life with family and commentary . It 's a big commitment to travel on tour with a player full-time . But it seems like Boris is really , really excited about doing it . " Excited and confident , judging by his comments prior to the Australian Open . "  I 've been in 10 grand slam finals , I know exactly what a player feels like when he 's in the later stages of a tournament , " Becker told reporters . "  When you 're 25 -- in my case -- I was better with a tennis racket and now I 'm better with my mouth . " Net gains Djokovic has retained the services of long-time coach Marian Vajda , but will be hoping to learn from Becker 's much feted skills at the net , Austin thinks . It was here , after all , that the German made a name for himself during a 15-year career , winning thousands of points and millions of fans with his unique brand of athleticism and never-say-die attitude . "  Djokovic  already has that from the baseline -- great defense , great offense -- but maybe he wants to round out his game a little bit more and be more forceful at the net , maybe have some better technique at the net , " she says . Retired doubles ace Mark Woodforde is more familiar than most with Djokovic 's game . The Australian , who won 11 grand slam doubles titles with his partner Todd Woodbridge , coached the world No. 2 for a time in 2007 . "  He likes to evolve his game and take advice from great tennis players and obviously he 's gone for one of the all-time greats in Boris Becker , " Woodforde said . "  I just wonder whether in the back of Novak 's mind is the way Boris played -- trying to finish points a little more cleanly than what he 's been doing in the past . "  Maybe he 's trying to pick up on the style that Boris brought to the court himself -- the knowledge , the hustle bustle . You 've got to think that the elongated points that he has to play these days , it 's got to mount up . " Long points inevitably lead to long games , as Djokovic 's fans in Melbourne are all too aware . In 2012 he clinched his third title beating Rafael Nadal in a match lasting five hours 53 minutes -- the longest grand slam final ever -- and last year he took just over five hours to get past Stanislas Wawrinka in the fourth round . However , the Serbian 's three-year Australian Open reign came to an end against Wawrinka on Tuesday as the Swiss upset the odds to win a grueling four-hour clash and reach the semifinals . While Djokovic tries to transition from baseline to net , Becker is plotting an entirely new path away from the commentary box . The 46-year-old has reigned in his TV duties since accepting the coaching role , but his former Davis Cup coach Niki Pilic has urged Becker , whose private life since retiring in 1999 has been colorful and , at times , scandalous , to go a step further . "  There is no doubt he needs to change his lifestyle completely , " Pilic said , Reuters reported . "  He needs strict discipline and a certain modesty . It wo n't be easy for him but he has no choice . "  He should not give too many interviews , must be restrained and do his work quietly . Above all , he must understand that he is not more important than the player . It will be an interesting experiment . " Can Ed help Fed ? Whereas Becker and Djokovic 's partnership has caused a degree of head-scratching , the news that Federer had sought out the services of Edberg was much easier to understand . "  That one did n't surprise me , " says Austin . "  He looks up to Stefan . He was one of his idols . Roger , when he first came on tour , to me , would serve and volley and infrequently chip and charge , and now he does n't do that as much . Of course , that was Edberg 's style of play , so maybe he 's looking for that little extra element to elevate his game . " Edberg , now 48 , has agreed to a part-time coaching role , spending 10 weeks with Federer this season , but is confident he can help the 32-year-old Swiss to an 18th grand slam title . "  He 's such a great player , but there 's always minor things you can work on , " Edberg said recently . "  That 's why I do it , because I really think I can make a little difference . And if I can make a little difference , maybe that will take him back to where he was . " Woodforde is relishing the prospect of watching the partnership evolve . "  We all liked to watch Stefan Edberg play . It 's almost when we watch Roger play now , everyone covets to see him . They always want him to win , " Woodforde said . "  I 'm looking forward to seeing how Federer profits from that . I think it 's going to be so beneficial for him because that is probably that style is probably what Roger needs to move towards if he is going to have an elongated career . " Fine margins With the business end of the year 's first grand slam approaching , Federer will hope he can execute the strategies discussed with Edberg as he takes on Andy Murray -- his successor as Wimbledon champion last year -- in Wednesday 's quarterfinals . "  The key thing for me is that this really shows how important these tiny little things can make , " says Austin . "  These are all champions that we are talking about , they 're already top players , but they are looking for any different margin to set themselves apart . "  In a match when they are playing against each other , it could be two or three points . It could be something that a former champion says -- the light bulb goes and maybe makes them feel more comfortable , more confident . If that makes the difference then it 's all worth it . " Read more : Federer reverts to bigger racket Read more : Who will be ace in 2014 ?	1980s tennis greats answering calls for help from today 's top stars Boris Becker helping Novak Djokovic ; Stefan Edberg coaching Roger Federer Former coach Mark Woodforde says Djokovic could be looking to shorten points Edberg 's serve and volley expertise could help Federer prolong career , Woodforde says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya said Monday night it had taken control of a North Korean-flagged tanker that had docked in a rebel-controlled oil port , but rebels dismissed the government 's claims . Culture Minister Habib al-Amin told reporters at a late-night news conference that government forces skirmished with rebels in speedboats as the ship left port Monday morning . The rebels were pushed back and government troops boarded the ship , which is loaded with what the United States said is "  illicitly obtained oil . " There was more shooting Monday night in connection with the disputed tanker but the ship was secure , al-Amin said . The rebels , meanwhile , told Libyan television that they still were in charge of the tanker and it was still docked at the port . Libyan ` force ' goes after threatened oil tanker The dispute is one snapshot in the bigger picture of who controls -- and who profits from -- Libyan oil sales . The vessel , dubbed Morning Glory , docked late Friday night in the port of As-Sidra in the northeastern part of the African nation . While the ship was flagged in North Korea , it is unclear who actually owns the vessel . Libya has seen its oil exports shrink to just 12.5 % of its output since the revolution two years ago that led to the death of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . Since the revolution , the government in Tripoli has struggled for control of the North African nation . Tripoli had entrusted militia leader Ibrahim Jadran to safeguard some crucial oil ports . But eight months ago , he and his men seized them , blocked oil exports , and demanded more autonomy and shared revenues for his eastern region . Meet the man holding Libya 's oil hostage "  We used to be part of that government until the corruption became so visible , and the government started to sell oil without measuring units , and ... we became certain that such a government is not credible and unable to rebuild the state , " Jadran , 32 , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in January . "  That 's why we declared independence of our province and we started to seek our fair rights . " There is a lot at stake , given the Libyan government 's precarious state and the wealth of natural resources in the country . Libya is thought to have Africa 's largest proven oil reserves . The country produced 1.6 million barrels per day after the revolution only to have that output slow to a relative trickle of fewer than 200,000 barrels per day by the end of last year . The government has said the disrupted oil production , from the seizures of ports as well as protests and strikes at other oil facilities , is costing the country $ 130 million a day . The oil at the center of the current As-Sidra port situation belongs to Libya 's National Oil Corporation and its partners , which U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki notes includes U.S. companies . She said taking the oil amounted to theft from the Libyan people . "  Any oil sales without authorization from these parties places purchasers at risk of exposure to civil liability , penalties and other possible sanctions , " Psaki said . Libya 's government has threatened force against ships that entered the rebel-controlled oil ports before on several occasions . But despite ultimatums to such ships , those deadlines came and went with no action from Libyan officials . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Libya and CNN 's Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Government : Ship was sailing from port and we took it by force Rebels : No they did n't ; ship is still docked Libya depends greatly on oil sales and has Africa 's largest reserves The dispute over one ship is part of bigger picture of who controls Libya 's oil
CNN  -- When her baby girl takes an afternoon nap , or on those nights when she just ca n't sleep , Sarah Andrews , 32 , tosses off her identity as a suburban stay-at-home mom and becomes something more exotic : a "  virtual deputy " patrolling the U.S.-Mexico border . A Texas program lets Internet users around the world monitor live video from the Mexico border . From her house in a suburb of Rochester , New York , Andrews spends at least four hours a day watching a site called BlueServo.net . There , because of a $ 2 million grant from the state of Texas , anyone in the world can watch grainy live video scenes of cactuses , desert mountains and the Rio Grande along Texas ' portion of the international border . When Andrews spots something she deems suspicious -- perhaps a fuzzy character moving from right to left across the screen or people wading through the river with what appear to be trash bags atop their heads -- she and the site 's 43,000 registered users can send e-mail messages straight to local law enforcement , who then decide whether to act . "  Today , there 's a couple vehicles that are parked side by side next to each other , " she said by phone , her 7-month-old cooing in the background , "  but I ca n't tell what 's going on , you know ? " See sample videos from BlueServo.net " The video site 's supporters see the 15-camera project as a stride forward in U.S. efforts to halt illegal immigration , drug smuggling and border violence . Run by the Texas Border Sheriff 's Coalition , an association of 20 sheriffs from border counties , the project seeks to spread responsibility for the border 's security across the nation 's masses of Internet users . About 20 million people have clicked on BlueServo.net since it launched November 20 , and the Web site has gained national attention at a time when many eyes already were focused on the southern border of the United States . Lawmakers are raising concerns about drug-related violence spilling into the United States from Mexico . And , bucking an upward trend , there has been an apparent decrease in illegal immigration into the United States because of the struggling economy , according to a report from the Department of Homeland Security . Look at where the border wall is located " The Bush administration made a number of attempts to curb illegal immigration from the south . The administration added troops to the area and also built a wall along parts of the U.S.-Mexico border , drawing criticism from environmentalists and immigration advocates . Now , a virtual community says it 's trying to fill gaps in that protection . Rob Abernethy , a 42-year-old factory worker from Lincolnton , North Carolina , said he spends 30 minutes here and there watching the border out of a sense of civic responsibility . "  It may take the efforts of many to get a small result , but that small result could be rewarding or great in the long run , " he said . But critics say the program tempts extremists to become involved in border security , which they say is a job better left to trained professionals . Although there have been no reports of vigilante groups using the site to make arrests , Texas state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh , a Democrat from El Paso , said the program is "  pandering to these groups to keep them politically engaged on this issue . " The program also has been widely criticized as ineffective in Texas newspaper editorials , as well as by some of the Web site 's own users . Since the site was launched in late November , only four arrests can be attributed to the cameras , said Don Reay , executive director of the sheriffs ' coalition , which runs the project with money from Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's office . All of those arrests were related to marijuana trafficking , he said , with about 2,000 pounds of the drug seized . Those are n't the kind of results planners were looking for when they started the program , but Reay says the program 's unseen value is in the fact that it prevents drug-related violence and trafficking . He said sheriffs along the border have seen decreased crime in recent months , partly because of the camera program , although he said he could not cite statistics to back up that claim . Perry 's office said the cameras prevent crime because they do n't "  allow the bad guys to op under the cloak of darkness anymore , " according to Katherine Cesinger , Perry 's spokeswoman . The cameras spy on stretches of the Texas-Mexico border where the border patrol is n't particularly active or where the border wall has n't been constructed , Reay said . He declined to list locations of the cameras for security reasons but said most are hidden on existing structures on private properties . He wants the program to expand "  to cover every place where we do n't have a fence " and says the primary goal of the camera program is to fight crime , not immigration . There 's no evidence that security cameras would deter people from crossing the border , said Stephen Legomsky , a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , who specializes in immigration . "  If a person wants to come , they 'll find a point at which they 're willing to cross , " he said , adding that studies show that more people are drowning and dying of dehydration in increasingly daring attempts to cross the border as security increases . Abernethy and Andrews , the two "  virtual deputies , " said they would like to see greater transparency in the project . Both said they have e-mailed notes of suspicious activity to law enforcement , but neither has heard whether their alerts were of any help . "  It 's interesting . You see different things on there , but I just -- I do n't know that it 's doing any good , " said Andrews , the stay-at-home mom . "  I wonder if it 's a waste of time . " She said she hopes her work as "  virtual deputy " will prevent so many drugs from working their way north from Mexico into New York . She also said the site draws her interest because she 's nosy about what 's going on along Texas ' 1,250-mile international border . Abernethy said he will continue to watch the cameras because he feels like he 's part of an altruistic group of volunteers . Friends tease him about watching the site , he said . But he sees it as no worse than any other form of quick entertainment -- and maybe he can be of some help in the process . "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns , " he said . "  It 's just something to do . "	BlueServo.net lets users watch live video from 15 cameras on Texas-Mexico border Texas put $ 2 million into project to prevent crime and illegal immigration Critics say cameras are ineffective ; only four arrests reported since November Site user : "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns "
Perth , Australia  CNN  -- Danica Weeks says she just could n't take it anymore . So she did what no other relative of those missing on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 could do : She made the 10 minute drive from her home near Perth to the nerve center of the search for the missing plane at Royal Australian Air Force Base Pearce , and asked what they were doing to try and find her husband . "  I 've seen what they 're doing and have been taken over the process and I feel so privileged that I 'm here now , that I 'm right on and close to the search and that I can ask the questions , " Weeks told CNN in an interview at her home Friday . "  And I feel so much for the families that are abroad -- in Beijing , Kuala Lumpur , the U.S. and everywhere else -- all families , that they ca n't be here . " Weeks ' 39-year-old husband , Paul , a mechanical engineer , was on Flight 370 . He was headed to Mongolia on a project and expected to be home to celebrate his son Jack 's first birthday in a few weeks . "  Sometimes I catch myself , you know , seeing the excitement of him coming home and I have to get ... that out of my brain quick because I ca n't let myself go to that level of excitement ... it 's only going to make me crash further when I find out the real truth , which we 're all expecting will be the plane has crashed . But until that point and we have something concrete , I ca n't grieve . " said Weeks . But seeing the international search effort firsthand has given Weeks a measure of comfort , she said . Still , she does have nagging doubts about the lack of evidence and the amount of guesswork that has driven the investigation so far . The search goes underwater "  This area -- where they are now -- if it 's there , they 're going to find it , but it 's a big question that everybody 's got . Is it the right area ? It 's a calculated guess , " she said . "  So the hardest process for me is understanding that a commercial airline can just go black . That someone can just turn off all communications , all matter of tracking an airline and it can just disappear . And this is the mystery . " Weeks says her two sons , Lincoln , 3 , and 11-month-old Jackson are too young yet to understand what 's happened to their father and for that , this mother says she 's grateful . Still , there are questions from her 3-year-old that are difficult to hear and answer . "  We find the brightest star and he says , ` Goodnight , Daddy , I love you . See you in the morning for breakfast . ' And that breaks my heart . "  The other day I was going to work and  her son  said , ` Are you going off to work forever like Daddy ? ' and I , I obviously had to reassure him that I was n't . So , I think that he 's getting , he 's getting it , that dad is gone and not coming back . " said Weeks . Weeks said she has complete confidence in the search team and believes that if searchers are looking in the right place , they will find something . And for that reason she says it 's crucial that the international mission keep going for as long as it takes . "  We need something -- the families need something . We need answers -- not just for me , but for my children . They will ask questions . I think the world wants to know because it 's such an unusual , extraordinary thing to happen . So we have to just fight for answers , " she said . What happens when the pinger 's batteries die ? Weeks has tried to keep a sense of normalcy around her home for her boys . She 's continued working and takes the boys out on frequent outings to family and friends . She said she owes it to them and to her husband to get to the bottom of what happened . She is realistic , she said , and knows there 's a chance they may never find out what happened to Flight 370 . "  I 've thought of that possibility , yes . Am I willing to accept that right now ? No . I 'm not at that point . Because if this was me on that plane , Pauly would be fighting , going everywhere , asking every question , chasing down to find out what happened to me -- for our sons and for himself , " said Weeks . "  So I just have to do my utmost right now , and keep going to find the truth . This will all encompass me , completely . "	Paul Weeks was on a business trip aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Weeks has tried to keep a sense of normalcy around her home in Perth for her sons Still , there are questions from her 3-year-old that are difficult to hear and answer "  We find the brightest star and he says , ` Goodnight daddy , I love you . See you in the morning for breakfast "
CNN  -- The long list for the job that has been described as "  the best in the world " has been announced . The successful applicant will based on Hamilton Island , center , off Australia 's northeastern coast . A chef , a dance instructor and a scientist are among the final 50 applicants for the six-month post of "  caretaker " on Hamilton Island , part of the Great Barrier Reef off Australia The successful candidate will enjoy a salary of $ 100,000 , free home and generous perks on the island . "  Key responsibilities " will include sending weekly reports via blogs and video on what is happening on the island , as well as cleaning the pool -- which comes with the free home -- and feeding the fish . Queensland Tourism Minister Desley Boyle revealed Tuesday that the authority had received 34,684 applications from around the world for the position . "  Yesterday , a team of Tourism Queensland marketing and international staff along with a professional recruitment company made the very tough decisions necessary to cut the short-list to the Top 50 , " Boyle said . "  I understand it was a robust discussion but what it boiled down to was the motivation and professionalism of the applicants and their ` fit ' with the job and Tourism Queensland . " The 50 hopefuls come from 22 countries including the U.S. , the UK , Russia , Canada , France , Greece , Ireland , India , China , Japan , Korea , Indonesia , Malaysia , Taiwan and Kenya as well as Australia itself . The shortlisted 50 will now be cut down to a final 11 -- 10 chosen by Tourism Queensland and an 11th by popular vote from videos submitted by the applicants . The videos show the 50 candidates employing a variety of attempts to woo their prospective employer , from wandering round a chilly city center in bikini with surfboard to making their application in the form of a street musical , complete with chorus singers . The successful applicant will also enjoy free return airfares from their nearest capital city , transport on the island , travel insurance , computer and camera gear and travel to other islands in the Great Barrier Reef . The appointment requires no academic qualifications -- the "  caretaker " will just need to have strong communication skills , be a good swimmer and enjoy snorkeling . The final selection process will take place on Hamilton Island in early May , with the successful applicant announced on May 6 and beginning work on July 1 .	Tourism Queensland advertised dream island caretaking job for $ 100,000 Six-month stint involves reporting on the Great Barrier Reef island off Australia Long list of 34,000-plus has now been whittled down to long list of 50 Final 11 will be interviewed on the island itself in May , job will begin in July
Seventy years ago , thousands of Allied troops stormed the beaches of Normandy to take on the might of the German army . The soldiers all carried guns and grenades , but Private Tony Vaccaro of the U.S. Army was armed with something else as well : a camera . In the days , weeks and months that followed the D-Day landings in northern France , Vaccaro , who was born in Pennsylvania , took more than 8,000 photographs with his trusty 35mm Argus C3 . The pictures -- many of them raw , graphic , disturbing -- follow his advance , and that of his unit , the 83rd Infantry Division , from the beaches to Berlin . They represent one of the most complete collections of images of World War II , as seen through the eyes of someone who fought during the conflict . Now a spritely 92-year-old , the former G.I. is back in Normandy to mark the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings with an exhibition . Vaccaro 's show , "  Shots of War " is on display at the Caen Memorial , a stone 's throw from Omaha Beach where the infantryman came ashore 70 years ago . "  The first thing I see is this gun , looking at me , " he told CNN on a tour of the exhibition , gesturing at a black-and-white photo of the intimidating weaponry that confronted him as he stepped onto French soil . Vaccaro 's status as a regular soldier who happened to be carrying a camera -- rather than an official war photographer -- meant he had to make do with whatever equipment he could find . After begging and borrowing rolls of film , he would process his pictures by night , improvising by pouring chemicals into two army helmets to develop and fix the images . But it also meant he could get closer to the action , and to the people involved : the result is a series of photos which are often more candid than the official pictures of war . "  I was with the same unit , I knew everyone intimately , " he says . "  The intimacy was at such a level that if I aimed a camera , they did n't react to it . " Vaccaro documented the devastation left in Normandy in the wake of D-Day and across Luxemburg , Belgium and Germany after years of warfare : villages and towns ravaged by the conflict , corpses lining the roads . He also captured some of the joys of liberation : a shot of a G.I. embracing a young French girl as others dance in the background is among his best-known images . In a short film made to accompany the exhibition , Vaccaro explains that his dual role as soldier and photographer meant he faced a constant choice between his gun and his camera . "  I considered the situation and I said ` first the rifle , then photographs ' -- I was careful to make sure I would take photographs when I felt safe . If I did n't feel safe I did n't take the picture . " And he says that the speed at which he was forced to work also had an impact on the final images . "  Sometimes I was scared because I felt that while I was taking photographs perhaps the Nazis would kill me , would shoot me , so what I did was to work very quickly . Many times I did n't even look through the viewfinder , I just shot . " After the war , Vaccaro became a professional portrait and fashion photographer , working for magazines including "  Life " and "  Look , " taking pictures of stars including Charlie Chaplin , Marlene Dietrich , Pablo Picasso and Sophia Loren . Decades on , Vaccaro says he is disturbed at our failure to learn the lessons of the past and ensure that conflicts like the one he fought in -- and photographed -- are consigned to history . "  I think that the world , the way it 's going , it has n't changed at all . You 'd think we would learn a lesson with World War II but we are arming like hell , " he says . "  One of the greatest thing we should have , we do n't have . A Department of Peace , we do n't have it . You 'd be surprised the need that we have to have that . " He has returned to Normandy many times in the decades since D-Day , and he 's determined that this 70th anniversary visit wo n't be his last . "  I 'm going to do this at 102 , " he insists , saying he 'll be back in 2024 . "  My doctor says : ' I do n't know how you do it . ' " READ MORE : ` It 's too early to forget , ' insists veteranREAD MORE : The myths and reality of D-Day	Former U.S. soldier Tony Vaccaro carried a camera with him while fighting in WWII Vaccaro shot 8,000 pictures of what he saw on way from beaches of Normandy to Berlin Photos show devastation left in wake of conflict , but also joys of liberation The former G.I. became a professional portrait photographer after the war
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Tuesday ditched "  quiet diplomacy " and spoke publicly in support of Saudi Arabian women protesting the unwritten ban on their right to drive in the kingdom . "  What these women are doing is brave and what they are seeking is right " said Clinton , in answer to a question from CNN at a press availability at the State Department . "  This is about Saudi women themselves , they have joined together . They are acting on behalf of their own rights . " Until now , the State Department said Clinton was engaged in "  quiet diplomacy , " working behind the scenes and raising the issue last week in a telephone conversation with Saudi Prince Saud al-Faisal . On Monday , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters , "  There are times when it makes sense to do so publicly and there are times for quiet diplomacy . " But Saudi Women for Driving , which describes itself as a coalition of women 's rights activist , bloggers and academics campaigning for the right to drive , told the secretary of state they were "  disappointed " by her public silence . Clinton has made women 's rights a top issue for American diplomacy . "  Quiet diplomacy is not what we need right now , " the group said in a letter . "  What we need is for you , personally , to make a strong , simple and public statement supporting our right to drive . " The movement was sparked by the May 22 arrest of a Saudi technology consultant and mother named Manal al-Sharif who was detained for driving her own car . Supporters started a campaign on the Web and collected , they say , 100,000 signatures from 156 countries calling for al-Sharif to be released and acquitted of all charges . On Friday , some Saudi women turned the key in the ignition and set out on a motorized protest . Clinton 's public silence had raised questions that she might be sidestepping the controversy to avoid angering the Saudi government at a time when the United States needs help on Mideast issues . The United States has avoided criticizing Saudi Arabia amidst the Arab Spring uprisings in other Mideast and North African nations . On Tuesday , however , Clinton shot that down , saying , "  This is about Saudi women themselves , they have joined together , they are acting on behalf of their own rights . " "  This is not about the United States , it 's not about what any of us on the outside say , it is about the women themselves and their right to raise their concerns with their own government . " "  We have made clear our views that women everywhere , including women in the kingdom , have the right to make decisions about their lives and their futures , " Clinton said . "  They have the right to contribute to society and provide for their children and their families . " The right to drive , she said , provides access to economic opportunity , including jobs .	Saudi women are protesting restrictions that prevent them from driving Clinton spokeswoman had said she was supporting the women with "  quiet diplomacy " Tuesday , Clinton calls women brave , says "  what they are seeking is right "
CNN  -- When we left "  The Walking Dead " crew in the midseason finale in December , the original survivors were coming head-to-head with the Governor and his followers in the isolated community of Woodbury . Gunbattles ensued , as did dramatic rescue attempts that led to a cliffhanger involving two of the show 's central characters -- brothers Daryl and Merle Dixon -- in a ring , surrounded by an angry mob calling for their heads . Will Rick Grimes and the original survivors integrate into Woodbury ? Or will human-on-human violence prove to be more dangerous than the roaming flesh-eaters ? AMC 's popular zombie series resumes on Sunday , and CNN spoke with Robert Kirkman , executive producer and creator of the original comic book series , about what fans can expect for the last half of season 3 , life after outgoing showrunner Glen Mazzara and how long even the undead can survive the apocalypse on TV . CNN : "  The Walking Dead 's " ratings have exploded this season . What 's connecting with audiences ? Robert Kirkman : AMC has a really great program with building viewership . They do a tremendous amount of work , running marathons , promoting those marathons , promoting the DVDs and working with partners like Netflix and iTunes to make sure everything is available . So while people are hearing news about the show , AMC is doing a really good job at helping develop the audience . Also , we 're awesome . People seem to like the show . CNN : Was there concern in the beginning that the adaptation might not be able to transition from the comic world to a broader audience ? Kirkman : I 'm somewhat of a pessimist . I never expected this to get made ; I never expected the pilot to get picked up ; I never expected the episodes to make it to air . I did n't really treat this show like it was happening until it premiered and until the ratings came in . There was a good 24-hour period where I was thinking , "  this is not going to last . " I think that 's relative to its success . There 's really nothing like this on television . There 's really no comparison . I never thought it would succeed or succeed as well it has . It 's all been pretty surprising . AMC took this risk and put something really unique on television , and people are responding to it on the level where it 's having other networks try to think outside the box . As a television fan , when I see things like "  American Horror Story , " these kind of crazy shows that you would n't expect to see on television , things like "  The Following " -- it 's really exciting to see all this new stuff coming in . CNN : Obviously , the story and the art in the comic books stand out . Is the aesthetic of the show taking a certain direction that you 're noticing ? Kirkman : Not necessarily . We try to focus on the struggle of human survival . That 's really what 's at the core of this show : the appeal of watching people persevere and endure and succeed . This show is very much about trying to rebuild civilization in a micro sort of way . It 's about keeping a family together and keeping your loved ones safe . It 's much more about that heart and emotion than the more splashy stuff you see with the zombies , the action and the horror . CNN : The hook is "  you get to see zombies eat people . Who does n't love that ? " But there 's the mental anguish that the viewers are put through . Kirkman : Yeah , the zombies eat people , and that 's cool and everything , but you really care about those people that are getting eaten . You feel for the other characters when they run around , and you hope that the rest of the characters do n't get eaten . That 's a very important component . CNN : As executive producer and a writer , how much input do you have on each episode that we see ? Kirkman : Well , I mean , I 'm one of the writers in the writers ' room . There 's a piece of every writer in every episode , little suggestions here and there . Things that make it into the final episode that we sort of throw out on the fly in the writers ' room . I , like all the writers , have tremendous influence in terms of what goes into the show . I go on set as a producer , I oversee visual effects with a lot of the other producers ; I 'm giving notes on edits and cuts . I work hand-in-hand with all the other executive producers and Glen Mazzara in season 3 and craft the show into what it is . CNN : Speaking of Glen , it was recently announced that he 'd be leaving at the end of season 3 for "  creative differences . " Where do you see the creative direction of the show going ? Kirkman : I think the creative could n't be at a better place . I think we have a really strong season 3 . Moving forward , it 's important to note that television is a collaborative medium , and there may be an element that changes from season to season , but the core group , the core people that make "  The Walking Dead " what it is , changes a little bit from season to season . The majority of people remain , so the show is still going to have the same flavor . I could n't be more excited about all the things we 're going to be doing in season 4 . CNN : Let 's talk about the rest of season 3 . What can viewers expect ? What are some of the issues and themes that manifest ? Kirkman : I think we have some really cool stuff ahead . If you 've seen the first half of the season , you know the people in Woodbury are there . They 're led by the Governor , and they 're definitely going to be a problem . You got Rick with his people , and they 're trying to survive , and you have these two groups who are on this collision course . It 's going to be coming to a head . You 're going to see big conflicts and pretty huge stakes , and some pretty dangerous things are going to happen to these people . Some of them may not survive . As fast-paced and explosive as the first half of the season has been , we 're really going to be upping the ante and escalating things where we reach a finale , where some pretty crazy stuff is going to go down . CNN : Who do you think is the most compelling character at the moment ? Kirkman : It 's really hard to pick . I could gush about every single character . The work that Chandler  Riggs  is doing on Carl is amazing . I think all the actors would agree : Watching his transformation over the first three seasons of this show is a really cool piece of this show . He 's been expanding his role in very cool ways , becoming this child soldier that we 've gotten to know . He 's a character that I would recommend people pay attention to and watch . It 's watching these characters grow and change over time . That 's really the core aspect , and you do n't really see that in a lot of television shows . When you look at season 3 , sure , Glenn 's there , Rick 's there , Daryl Dixon 's there -- but they 're vastly different than they were in season 1 . CNN : With a show that 's become so engaged with its fans , do you pay attention to reactions , either positive or negative ? Kirkman : I 've gotten the benefit of working in the comic industry for 10 years . I 've always been very tuned in to fan reactions , message boards and all that kind of stuff . I 'm pretty good at ignoring the negative comments and not letting them get me too much . There 's always going to be negative comments . Honestly , I 've learned if you do n't have negativity in fan reactions , you 're just not reaching enough fans . With "  The Walking Dead " being as popular as it is , I actually enjoy the negative comments . We 're reaching people to a point where they care so much , they voice their opinions . CNN : You 've written two novels about "  The Walking Dead . " Have you had talks about turning those into films ? Kirkman : There 's always stuff like that thrown out , but there 's no plans like that right now . It 's enough for "  The Walking Dead " to be a television show , a comic , a video game , another video game and another video game . There 's quite a lot going on in "  The Walking Dead " world . I ca n't say there 's never going to be a movie ; it 's just not on our radar yet . CNN : In a perfect world , how many seasons do you see this show lasting ? Kirkman : I think we 'd be incredibly fortunate if we were one of those shows that got to go seven seasons . I think that 's a good possibility in our future , the way things are going . Hopefully , we 'll make it there . At the same time , this is a very unique show . You never know . Personally , if I could wave a magic wand , I 'd make it go 20 seasons . This is the kind of story that is exciting to watch these characters grown and change over time . The comic book has been going for a decade and probably will go for another decade , I hope . I have no intention of ending that any time soon . I think there will always be a wealth of story potential in a universe like this .	"  The Walking Dead " third season resumes Sunday Creator says show 's about "  trying to rebuild civilization in a micro sort of way " He says there are no plans right now for a movie
CNN  -- Asian champions Al Sadd have qualified for the semifinals of the Club World Cup after beating African champions Esperance of Tunisia 2-1 in Toyota , Japan , in a match marred by crowd trouble . Esperance fans repeatedly clashed with police and stewards , with one supporter also running onto the pitch before being dragged to the ground , after their side had two goals disallowed for offside , and penalty appeals rejected , in an enthraling match . Al Sadd 's victory , the fifth successive time the Asian champions have beaten their African equivalent in the tournament , means the Qatari side have secured a dream last four clash with European champions Barcelona on Thursday . Al Sadd went ahead in the 33rd minute when Khalfan Al Khalfan headed home a rebound after goalkeeper Moez Ben Cherifia failed to deal properly with Abdul Kader Keita 's long-range drive . And they doubeld their advantage four minutes after the break when Lee Jung-Soo headed a free-kick across goal for captain Abdullah Koni to knock in from close range . Both teams were making their debut in the competition , and Esperance gave themselves hope on the hour mark when Ousama Darragi headed home a set-piece . But , helped by a couple of contentious decisions , Al Sadd held on and will now pit their wits against tournament favorites Barcelona . Meanwhile , in the other fixture played on Sunday , Japanese champions Kashiwa Reysol beat CONCACAF champions Monterrey of Mexico on penalties , after their match had ended 1-1 . Ryohei Hayashi netted the winning spot-kick to see Kashiwa through 4-3 on penalties and seal a date with South American champions Santos of Brazil in the other semifinal on Wednesday .	Asian champions Al Sadd beat African champions Esperance 2-1 in Club World Cup The Qatari side now face European champions Barcelona in semifinals of competition Crowd trouble mars the match with Esperance fans clashing with police and stewards Kashiwa Reysol , representing hosts Japan , defeat Monterrey of Mexico on penalties
Ventersdorp , South Africa  CNN  -- Blacks and whites confronted each other Tuesday outside a courthouse where two people accused of killing a white supremacist leader in South Africa appeared and were charged with murder . The two groups outside the courthouse in Ventersdorp sang rival national anthems , with whites singing "  Die Stem van Suid-Afrika , " an apartheid-era national anthem , while blacks sang "  Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika , " which was sung as an act of defiance during the apartheid years . The songs were combined to create the country 's current national anthem , according to the government 's Web site . Analysis : Terreblanche 's death stokes racial tensions The two suspects , ages 15 and 28 , were formally charged Tuesday with murder in the killing of Eugene Terreblanche . They also were charged with housebreaking , robbery , attempted robbery and crimen injuria , a count specific to South Africa in which someone deliberately injures another person 's dignity . Prosecutors said the count of crimen injuria related to the two suspects allegedly leaving Terreblanche 's body with the pants pulled down . The suspects , whom authorities have not identified , are accused of killing Terreblanche in a dispute over wages . Terreblanche , 69 , was bludgeoned with clubs and stabbed with a machete during the attack at his farm near Ventersdorp in South Africa 's North West province , police said . A new hearing has been set for April 14 . Outside the court , blacks and whites faced off in a brief scuffle apparently sparked by a white woman who threw a bottle at the black group . Police erected barbed wire to separate the groups ; the wire already surrounded the courthouse to prevent the crowds from swarming the building . Riot police stood between the wire and about 200 of Terreblanche 's followers -- some of whom were wearing army uniforms with swastika-like emblems on caps and shirts . "  We are here to show our solidarity with Terreblanche , " said Pieter Steyn , a spokesman for the supremacist 's neo-Nazi group Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging , also called AWB . "  The situation in this country is volatile , " he said . Some protesters carried signs , including one that read , "  We are fed up with the new South Africa . " Another sign said , "  Soccer 2010 , 65 days to chaos , " an apparent reference to the start of the World Cup in the country . A few blacks watched nervously . "  These people are hurting . Their leader has been killed , and we do n't know what they will do to us , " one bystander said . The AWB retracted its vow Monday to avenge the killing of its leader . "  The statement was made by an emotional member of our organization , " Steyn said . "  The person has been reprimanded . We want a homeland where we can govern ourselves , and violence is not going to do our cause any good . " The AWB has blamed the killing on the singing of a controversial African National Congress song , "  Shoot the Farmer . " Julius Malema , the ruling party 's youth leader , had sung the apartheid-era song in recent weeks until a court barred him from doing so . Steyn urged South African President Jacob Zuma to intervene . "  We are finding it difficult to keep our members calm under the current circumstances . If farm murders continue , we can not guarantee that our members will continue refraining from retaliating , " Steyn said . Zuma has appealed for peace . "  I call upon our people , black and white , to remain calm , and allow police and other organs of state to do their work , " Zuma said in a Sunday statement . The AWB is best known for trying to block South Africa 's effort to end apartheid . The group used terrorist tactics in a bid to stall the country 's first all-race vote in 1994 , killing more than 20 people in a wave of bombings on the eve of the elections . Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm . He served about two-thirds of a five-year sentence . He was also convicted of setting his dog on a black man in an earlier incident	Groups of blacks , whites sang rival anthems outside court Two suspects aged 15 and 28 charged with murder , housebreaking and robbery White supremecist Eugene Terreblanche was bludgeoned with clubs and stabbed during attack at his farm New hearing has been set for April 14
CNN  -- A missing 17-year-old Ohio girl was found early Wednesday hiding in the attic of an apartment recently leased by her 20-year-old boyfriend , Norwalk police announced . Abbi Obermiller disappeared June 7 after trading text messages with her boyfriend that indicated the two were planning to run away together , police Sgt. Jim Fulton told CNN earlier this week . An anonymous tip alerted investigators early Wednesday to a New London apartment rented by Obermiller 's boyfriend , identified by police as Robert "  Bobby " Young , three weeks ago , according to police . Obermiller was taken to the Norwalk Police Department , where she provided the names of those who assisted her in running away and hiding her , police said . She also met briefly with her parents and grandparents before being transported to the Sandusky County Juvenile Detention Facility , police said . "  From what I 'm understanding , they thought they were going to elope , " Obermiller 's father , James Obermiller , told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " on Wednesday night . "  They were going to hide out until she was 18 years old and elope and get married . " James Obermiller said he and his wife received a phone call around 4:30 Wednesday morning with the news that their daughter had been found safe . "  I do n't think I 've ever got out of bed that fast at 4:30 in the morning in my life , " he told "  Nancy Grace . " Abbi Obermiller has been charged with obstructing official police business and being an unruly child . "  She 's young . She 's 17 . She can make some mistakes and come back , " her father told "  Nancy Grace " of his daughter . Investigators believed Obermiller had left her grandparents ' home in the early morning hours of June 7 on her own accord after uncovering a series of text messages between Obermiller and her boyfriend that appeared to coordinate when she would be picked up from the home , Fulton said . According to Fulton , Obermiller repeatedly sent messages to Young asking , "  How much longer ? " At 12:45 a.m. June 7 , Young responded and told her to "  leave now , " Fulton said . The last text message from Obermiller appeared to direct Young to her location , Fulton said . Young had denied knowledge of Obermiller 's whereabouts , according to police , saying the messages were a week old and were sent over Memorial Day weekend while the couple coordinated a swimming date . However , other evidence indicated the couple were making plans to run away after Obermiller 's parents expressed disapproval of their relationship , Fulton said . Young was charged June 14 with obstruction of justice in the case for his failure to cooperate in the investigation , authorities said . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Abbi Obermiller had been missing since June 7 Boyfriend rented apartment 3 weeks ago Obermiller charged with obstructing police business , being an unruly child
CNN  -- Harry Wesley Coover , best-known as the inventor of Super Glue , has died at his home in Kingsport , Tennessee , a funeral home there said Sunday . He was 94 . The cause of death was congestive heart failure . Coover got the idea for Super Glue during a lab accident while working for Eastman Kodak , said Hamlett-Dobson Funeral Homes . He was studying compounds for use in optically perfect gun sights and impact-resistant jet canopies when an assistant complained that new refractometer prisms were wrecked because they got glued together , according to the funeral home . In fact , cyanoacrylate -- the chemical name for the glue -- was rejected by researchers at first because it bound everything together . But Coover saw its potential . The glue was first sold as a commercial product in 1958 , according to the Super Glue Corp. 's website . It has since become synonymous with curiously powerful adhesives . Coover was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation last year for his work . He is survived by two sons , a daughter and four grandchildren .	He hit upon the idea of Super Glue during a lab accident Coover was 94 He is survived by his three children and four grandchildren
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Corey Haim 's death is linked to an "  illegal and massive prescription-drug ring , " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said Friday . Brown 's office is investigating "  an unauthorized prescription under the former child star 's name that was found during an ongoing investigation of fraudulent prescription-drug pads ordered from a vendor in San Diego . " "  These prescriptions are very recent , and it involves Oxycontin and we 're not talking just 40 pills , more than that , " Brown said in an interview Friday with CNN Radio . The announcement comes before the coroner has ruled on what killed Haim , the 1980s teen movie actor who struggled for decades with drug addiction . Haim , 38 , died early Wednesday after collapsing in the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother , authorities said . "  Corey Haim 's death is yet another tragedy linked to the growing problem of prescription-drug abuse , " Brown said . "  This problem is increasingly linked to criminal organizations , like the illegal and massive prescription-drug ring under investigation . " Brown said the ring uses stolen doctor 's identities to order prescription-drug pads that are used to write counterfeit prescriptions . "  The doctor whose name is printed on the form is usually unaware that his or her identity has been stolen for this purpose , " Brown said . Haim got two powerful drugs from a pharmacy 11 days before his death , according to a source with knowledge of the transaction . His primary-care doctor did not know about the prescriptions and called the pharmacy two days later to find out what Haim had been given , the source said . Brown 's announcement did not specify whether any of the prescription drugs found in Haim 's apartment after his death were illegally obtained . Several prescription-drug bottles were taken from Haim 's apartment , Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter said Friday . Although the bottles indicated the drugs included Vicodin , Valium and Soma , no tests have been done to confirm what they are , he said . Haim had a prescription for the muscle relaxer Soma and the narcotic pain reliever Norco filled at a pharmacy on February 26 , a source with knowledge of the transaction said . Two days after Haim personally picked up the drugs , his primary-care doctor called the San Fernando Valley pharmacy to ask about the prescriptions , the source said . The doctor said that "  Haim was not feeling well " and he needed to know what drugs had been prescribed for the actor , the source said . The source , who worked at the pharmacy , asked not to be identified because his employer had not authorized him to talk . Haim 's manager , Mark Heaslip , and close friend Corey Feldman both said Haim began seeing an addiction specialist two weeks before his death . Tiffany Shepis , who was engaged to be married to Haim last May , said on HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell " that he was taking large amounts of Valium and Vicodin during their yearlong relationship . "  You 're talking about a person that , at the time when I knew him , you know , was ingesting 40 some-odd pills a day , " Shepis said . Although the autopsy showed Haim 's heart was enlarged and he had fluid in his lungs , the coroner 's chief investigator said a drug overdose has not been ruled out as the cause of the actor 's death . "  You can have somebody with an enlarged heart and some other medical conditions , but you do n't know if the actual cause of death is from illegal substances , medication or heart failure , " Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter said Friday . Heaslip said the enlarged heart was evidence that Haim 's death was not caused by a drug overdose , but Winter disputed that . "  There were some preliminary findings and we agreed to let the mother know what those were , " Winter said . "  It was explained to her that even though this is some preliminary findings that the doctor observed , there would n't be a final cause of death until the final toxicology tests are back . " The cause of death may not be determined for another six weeks , Winter said . Feldman , a longtime friend and frequent co-star , asked Wednesday that people not "  jump the gun " to conclude a drug overdose killed Haim . Heaslip , manager to both Feldman and Haim , said Haim had seemed to be winning his battle against drug abuse in the weeks before his death . Haim was "  weaned down to literally zero medications " by an addiction specialist in the two weeks before his death , Heaslip said . The doctor "  put him on a new line of medications , " Feldman said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Wednesday . Haim 's death came as his career was picking up , with Haim booking "  movie after movie , " Heaslip said . His latest film is set for release soon , he said . Haim 's most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which he appeared with Feldman . Haim played the role of a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire . In later years , the two friends , who appeared in eight movies together , struggled with drug abuse and went their separate ways . They reunited for a reality show , "  The Two Coreys , " in 2007 , but A&E Network canceled the program after slightly more than a year . In a 2007 interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Haim and Feldman discussed their battles with drugs . Feldman told King that he had gotten clean , but it took Haim longer . Haim called himself "  a chronic relapser for the rest of my life . " "  I think I have an addiction to pretty much everything , " he said . "  I mean , I have to be very careful with myself as far as that goes , which is why I have a support group around me consistently . " Haim was born December 23 , 1971 , in Toronto , Ontario , according to a biography on his Web site . He made his first television appearance in 1982 on the Canadian series "  The Edison Twins . " His first film role was in the 1984 American movie "  First Born . " Haim also won rave reviews for his title role in the 1986 film "  Lucas . " Film critic Roger Ebert said of him at the time , "  If he continues to act this well , he will never become a half-forgotten child star , but will continue to grow into an important actor . " After "  The Lost Boys , " Haim and Feldman appeared in "  License to Drive " and "  Dream a Little Dream . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Unauthorized prescriptions found in Haim 's name during investigation , official says Name came up in ongoing probe of fraudulent prescription-drug pads No ruling on cause of death but coroner 's office says drug overdose not ruled out
CNN  -- The Sea of Gallilee , where Christ reputedly walked on water , is today home to another miracle of sorts . It is where hundreds of millions of birds migrate across Israel and a paradise for bird watchers . Located west of the Golan Heights , the area is part of the Great Rift Valley , which stretches from northern Syria to central Mozambique in Africa . It is akin to a superhighway of bird migration routes , creating thermal currents that raptors and other birds can ride from central Africa to Europe . Israel is at a bottleneck on the migratory birds ' flight path where an estimated 540 species converge . Compare that with 460 species in Germany , which is 20 times bigger . The Hula Valley , in Galilee , is an important resting and refueling place for migrating birds on their annual journey of thousands of kilometers from Europe and Asia to Africa and back . In late autumn , tens of thousands of common cranes and pelicans flock to the area , as well as more than 25 species of raptors like the imperial eagles and spotted eagles . Some of these birds stay in the area for the entire winter . It is a spectacular sight , and the area has become a popular spot for amateur bird watchers and ornithologists . There is even the Hula Valley Bird Festival held every November . According to Yossi Lessem , director of the International Center for the Study of Bird Migration , every year the Hula Valley 's Agamon bird sanctuary attracts 398 bird species , more than 400,000 visitors and 50,000 hardcore bird watchers . Nadav Yisraeli , manager of the Hula Valley Bird Watching Center , has been studying birds here for years . In the middle of the migration season , he will catch hundreds of birds a day , and they will be taken to the ringing station for inspection and measurement . He showed CNN the ringing procedure . "  First , I 'm going to record the ring number , " he said , before moving on to measure the bird 's wing length , tail length and weight . "  We are learning that there are certain species that are doing quite well with the changes , " Yisraeli said , "  and some species are declining , so we can tell something is happening . " One of these change is the war in neighboring Syria . "  If they arrive on a war zone , and that was land on a stop for them and they ca n't stop and rest , then they are in a problem , " Yisraeli said . "  They have to move on and sometimes their body will not be fit for that . " Luckily food is abundant in the Hula Valley . In the 1990s , as Israel started to restore its wetlands , more cranes began to stop here and many -- an estimated 30,000 birds -- decided to spend the whole winter in the area . The cranes took a shine to the local peanut crops , costing farmers around $ 350,000 a year . To avoid conflict between farmers and birds , the Israeli government now provides corn and other bird feed . Tourists can ride along the feeding tractor and the wild birds are hardly disturbed by the gawking visitors . Yenni Kwok contributed to this report .	Located between three continents -- Europe , Asia and Africa , Israel is at a bottleneck on the migratory birds ' flight path The Hula Valley , in the Galilee , is an important resting and refueling place for migrating birds on their annual journey The area has become a popular spot for amateur bird watchers and ornithologists
CNN  -- He came into the final major of the golf season in confident mood but Tiger Woods was well off the pace after his opening round at the PGA Championship . The world No. 1 , who won his fifth tournament of the 2013 season at the Bridgestone Invitational last week , had a poor final hole to end the day at 1-over-par , six strokes off the lead . He was tied for 50th along with second-ranked Phil Mickelson , who won last month 's British Open . Masters champion Adam Scott and Jim Furyk , 2003 U.S. Open champion , shared the lead Thursday at 5-under 65 . Woods , a 14-time major champion , has gone five years without adding to his collection and started well at Oak Hill in Rochester , New York , sitting on 2-under after 12 holes . But a bogey on the fourth hole -- his 13th having started on the 10th -- was added to by a double on his final hole and he slumped to an over-par tally . Despite his disappointment over the closing clutch of holes , Woods was content with his performance . "  I 'm still right there , " Woods told reporters at a press conference . "  I 'm only six back and we 've got a long way to go . " "  I played really well . I just hit a bad iron shot at four and did n't get up and down . "  One loose nine iron and ended up not having much of a shot after a decent tee shot on nine . I drew no lie at all . I did n't even get over the bunker . "  I made a few par putts out there as well . The round realistically could have been under par easily . " Canada 's David Hearn and England 's former world No. 1 Lee Westwood also had a strong start to the championship , finishing at four-under to be tied for second . American Matt Kuchar and England 's Paul Casey were among a group a shot back . But Woods was , as ever , the main focus of attention on the first day , returning to the course where he produced his second worst display over 72 holes as a professional at the 2003 PGA Championship . He failed to maximize favorable conditions during his morning round . "  The first hour there was no wind , " Woods said . "  On top of that , with the rain here , it softened everything up . That rain certainly helped things . " Furyk took full advantage to record six birdies in his first round , a bogey on the final hole not dampening his enthusiasm . "  Usually disappointed with ending the day on a bogey but 65 at the PGA is not so bad , so I 'm feeling pretty good , " Furyk told reporters . "  I 'm happy I played a good round , but I 'm wise enough and have been there enough to know it 's only Thursday . Right now we 're jockeying for position . "  You do n't win the golf tournament on Thursday . I know that . Just happy with playing well and putting myself in a good position . " Defending champion Rory McIlroy was tied for 22nd after carding a 69 , in a big group including the 2011 winner Keegan Bradley of the U.S. , that year 's British Open champion Darren Clarke and Spain 's Sergio Garcia . "  I played a really good front nine , " McIlroy told CNN . "  A couple of early bogeys halted that momentum but I made a good birdie again on 12 . "  I played OK . I gave myself a couple of chances on the way in , did n't quite take them but to shoot a one-under opening round 69 here is definitely not a bad start . " Justin Rose , who won his first major title at June 's U.S. Open , was tied for 11th on 68 in a group including Germany 's former world No. 1 Martin Kaymer , Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez and Americans Steve Stricker , Bill Haas and Jason Dufner .	Jim Furyk , Adam Scott share lead at PGA Championship Tiger Woods endures disappointing day A double bogey on the final hole leaves one over World No. 1 tied for 50th with Phil Mickelson
CNN  -- Photographer Arne Svenson 's show , "  Neighbors , " consists of photographs taken of the residents of a building near his studio in New York through the windows of their apartments . A few residents , unaware they were being photographed , have raised objections . In this column , Svenson explains his process and his work . My art practice has led me down many and varied paths of visual exploration -- from landscape photographs of Las Vegas to portraits of sock monkeys , chewed dog toys and medical museum specimens . Currently , in collaboration with the Andy Warhol Museum , I am working on a long-term portrait project with a group of autistic teenagers . Given my background as a special education teacher , I find this a particularly rewarding homecoming . First and foremost , my practice seeks out the inner life -- the essence -- of my subjects , whether they be human or inanimate . I use my camera as a writer uses text , to create a narrative that helps the viewer understand what might lie hidden or obscured . This narrative , at times only a whisper or suggestion , weaves throughout my bodies of work . Some time ago , I began photographing the occupants of a neighboring building through the windows . I 've lived in Tribeca , in Lower Manhattan , for 30 years , and have built my life and studio here . The area has gone through many changes , and I watched the building across the way built from the ground up . Made entirely of glass and steel , it offers residents views of the neighborhood -- and neighbors and passersby views into the apartments . As people filled the empty units , I was intrigued not only by the implied stories within the frame of the glass but also by the play of light upon the subjects , the shadows , the framing of the structure . I do n't photograph anything salacious or demeaning -- instead I record the turn of the head , the graceful arc of a hand , the human form obscured by drapery . The photographs make up a show called "  Neighbors , " which opened a week ago at the Julie Saul Gallery in New York , and some people have raised concerns . I am not photographing the residents as specific , identifiable individuals , but as representations of humankind . In fact , I take great care in not revealing their identity ; the strength of the imagery comes from us seeing ourselves in the anonymous figures of "  The Neighbors . " In New York , people are masters of being both the observer and the observed . We live so densely packed that contact is inevitable -- even our homes are stacked facing each other . It is no wonder that street photography was born in this city , and some of the best subjects and most famous works are the results of those who did n't know they were being photographed or painted . "  Neighbors " has sparked a good bit of conversation . While people differ in their opinions -- as most do when it comes to art -- I believe the images speak for themselves . I encourage everyone to draw their own conclusions after seeing the work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arne Svenson .	Fine art photographer Arne Svenson 's artworks encompass many subjects Svenson photographed occupants of nearby building through the windows Their faces were hidden , but some objected because they were unaware of camera Svenson says portraits are powerful because we recognize ourselves in them
EW.com  -- In the years since its 1981 release , Sam Raimi 's cabin-in-the-woods cheapie "  The Evil Dead " has been elevated to the realm of myth . You wo n't find many films as near and dear to the hearts of horror nerds . The legacy is n't based on the fact that "  The Evil Dead " had a great screenplay , because it did n't . In fact , the plot is as basic as they come : Five college students drive out to a shack in the middle of nowhere , mess with an old reel-to-reel tape recorder that plays malevolent incantations , and unleash bloody Lovecraftian hell . The film 's effects were cut-rate even for the early '80s , and the acting  other than a charismatic breakout turn by lantern-jawed B-movie icon Bruce Campbell  was amateurish at best . What made it a fright flick for the ages was its 22-year-old wunderkind director 's dime-store ingenuity and gonzo wit . Raimi jerry-rigged cameras onto two-by-fours and whipped them around like Orson Welles on speed . His off-kilter angles gave the movie a weird , anxious energy . It was an eye-popping debut ... and a hard act for anyone to follow . A certain subset of genre purists and Fangoria subscribers already have their knives out for the remake . But they can put them away . The new "  Evil Dead " is not only made with an affectionate nod and a wink to the 1981 version , it 's also the bloodiest , goriest , slapstickiest horror movie since , well , "  The Evil Dead . " ` American Idol ' exit : ' I want to do so much ' Directed with gutsy promise by newcomer Fede Alvarez  and produced , and thus blessed , by Raimi and Campbell themselves  , the update does n't mess with the original 's bare-bones formula too much . It barrels right into the familiar story , placing five old pals in a run-down cabin , having them discover an old book filled with demonic illustrations and harrowing warnings , and once again releasing the gruesome genie from the bottle . Other than "  Suburgatory 's " Jane Levy , the cast is n't weighed down by too many familiar faces , which seems right since these are pretty much interchangeable folks lining up for the body count . And what a juicy , splattery body count it is . In "  Evil Dead " , blood sprays in arterial geysers like the fountains outside the Bellagio in Vegas . One possessed character licks a box cutter , butterflying her tongue in half . Another has rats pouring out of her mouth like clowns piling out of a VW Bug . Eyes are stabbed with hypodermic needles , limbs are severed with electric carving knives , and chain saws do what chain saws do . Did I mention it 's a comedy ? ` American Idol ' : Singer exiting tonight is ... Some will have a hard time seeing it that way , I know . The audience I saw it with screamed , gasped , and buried their faces in their dates ' necks . But horror films and TV shows such as The Walking Dead are like a foreign language . Either they speak to you or they do n't . The new "  Evil Dead 's " delirious gross-out scenes spoke to me , and they go further than any mainstream picture I can think of . How a movie this graphic and gooey managed to finagle an R rating is a mystery . But I 'm not complaining . As a diehard fan of the original and the genre , who am I to look such a wonderfully stomach-turning gift horse in the mouth ? B + See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Directed by Fede Alvarez , "  Evil Dead " does n't mess with the original 's formula A subset of genre purists and Fangoria subscribers have their knives out for the remake Other than "  Suburgatory 's " Jane Levy , the cast is n't weighed down by familiar faces
CNN  -- The Czech Republic remain on course for a second consecutive Davis Cup triumph after beating Argentina 3-0 in the semifinal at Prague 's O2 Arena on Saturday . Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek took just over two hours to beat Argentine pair Carlos Berlocq and Horacio Zeballos in straight sets , 6-3 6-4 6-2 . An under-strength Argentina were without both Juan Martin del Potro and David Nalbandian for the tie and struggled from the outset . Stepanek beat Juan Monaco in straight sets in Friday 's opening singles match before Tomas Berdych made it 2-0 with a four-set win over Leonardo Mayer . "  It feels great . This competition means a lot to us and as long as we can keep our winning streak , it 's great . It 's an honour to play in front of a home crowd . They follow us around the world no matter where we play . This is a thank you to them for their support , " Stepanek said , www.daviscup.com reported . The Czech team recorded a thrilling 3-2 win over Spain at the same arena last year . "  Davis Cup means a lot , " Stepanek added , "  it 's special for us , for the whole country . We loved so much delivering the trophy last year -- it never gets old and we 'd like to keep that trophy because it 's beautiful . " Stepanek and co will play either Canada or 2010 winners , Serbia in the final in November . The Canadians take a 2-1 lead into Sunday 's deciding singles matches after Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil clinched a five-set win in Saturday 's doubles match up against Nenad Zimonjic and Ilija Bozoljac . The 6-7 6-4 3-6 7-6 10-8 victory gives Canada a great chance of making their first Davis Cup final . Milos Raonic will lead his countrymen into new territory if he can overcome world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the Belgrade Arena in the first singles match . Pospisil will play Jarko Tipsarevic , if required , in the fifth and deciding match .	Czech Republic make Davis Cup final for second consecutive year A 3-0 defeat of Argentina in Prague wrapped up on Saturday with doubles victory Canada lead Serbia 2-1 in Belgrade after a five-set doubles victory on Saturday
CNN  Two students were wounded in a shooting at a high school in Frederick , Maryland , on Wednesday . The shooters are still at large , said police spokesman Capt. Richard Hetherington . The shots were fired outside the gymnasium building , while a basketball game was being played inside , Frederick police said in a statement . The victims were both male and were rushed to a medical facility in Baltimore , which lies about 50 miles east of Frederick . Their injuries were not life-threatening . Frederick High School 's cafeteria was searched , and the players and crowd went there from the gymnasium to wait while the rest of the building was being searched , the school said in a statement . The investigation is ongoing . "  It is unclear , at this time , how many people were involved in the shooting and what the possible motive may have been , " police said . The school will be closed for students on Thursday , but teachers will report to work , the school said . Counselors will be available for students and staff to talk to . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Police : The shooting occurred outside the gymnasium building Two wounded male students are rushed to Baltimore for treatment
It 's been more than four years since the McStay family went missing , and nearly eight months have passed since their remains were found in the Mojave Desert . Who would want to kill Joseph ; his wife , Summer ; and their two young kids , Gianni , 4 , and Joseph Jr. , 3 ? How did their bodies end up in two shallow graves some 100 miles north of their home ? Investigators still have not named any suspects or persons of interest , but those involved are n't giving up . A new detective recently joined the investigation , bringing new energy and new ideas to the table . As the investigation continues , here are five questions that could provide clues about the case : 1 . Who used Joseph McStay 's phone shortly after he disappeared ? On February 4 , 2010 , Chase Merritt received a phone call from Joseph McStay . It was 8:28 p.m. Chase , Joseph 's close friend , picked up the phone , looked at it , and set it back down . "  I had a bunch of other things I was doing , and I was just tired , " he told CNN . Joseph ran a custom water feature business , and he often bought custom indoor waterfalls from Chase . The two talked frequently . Chase had already talked to Joseph multiple times that day , and they had also met in person for a couple of hours . "  I had no idea that something like this was going to happen , " said Chase . Was that just a regular call from his friend , or could it have been a call for help ? "  There are hundreds of scenarios . I have gone over all of them in my head , " he added . "  Of course I regret not picking up the phone . " What happened to the McStays ? 2 . Who used Summer McStay 's credit card the day she disappeared ? According to phone records , Summer McStay made a call from her home phone at 2:11 p.m. February 4 regarding purchasing herbal medicine . Financial records show her credit card was used 25 minutes later at a store in Vista , California , about 20 minutes from her home . It 's not clear whether Summer was the one who made that purchase . "  That is certainly a piece of evidence that we would review if there 's any video or any documentation to support who was at that store and used that credit card , " said John McMahon , sheriff of San Bernardino County . "  Every piece of evidence in this case is critical , " he said . 2013 : Who were the McStays ? 3 . Did Joseph McStay 's business have anything to do with his families ' disappearance ? In the months before his disappearance , business at Joseph 's company was good . So good , in fact , that Joseph was working on a deal that could have been worth $ 9 million , his father , Patrick McStay , said . By summer of 2011 , Dan Kavanaugh , who worked for Joseph managing his company 's website , had sold the business to an outside company . Patrick was enraged . "  He owned nothing of -- any part of , any share of , anything , " he said . Dan , however , said he and Joseph split everything 50-50 . "  We shared ownership from the beginning of starting the company , " he said . Although Patrick had his suspicions about Kavanaugh , Dan has maintained his alibi and innocence . "  I was in Hawaii for over a month before he disappeared , " he said . And the evidence CNN has uncovered seems to indicate Kavanaugh was in Hawaii around the initial days of the McStays ' disappearance . 4 . Why was someone using the McStays ' computer to research traveling to Mexico ? One week before the McStays went missing , someone used their home computer to search for information on how to get children into Mexico . Four days after they disappeared , detectives say the family 's white Isuzu Trooper was parked and subsequently towed from a parking lot just steps from the Mexican border . Investigators also found surveillance video showing a family of four matching the McStays ' description crossing on foot into Mexico on February 8 . "  I just thought , ` Well , maybe they took off , ' " said Joseph 's mother , Susan Blake . But his father was n't buying it . "  I said right up front , the first time I saw it  the surveillance footage  , it was n't them , " said Patrick , adding that Summer was afraid of Mexico . "  Would Summer take her two children in there ? Heck , no , " he said . Still , investigators want to know whether the computer search and their disappearance were related . 5 . Was crucial evidence in the McStay family home destroyed ? Eleven days after the McStays went missing , Joseph 's brother Michael called the Sheriff 's Department . He said he waited so long because he did n't want to overreact and thought the family might just be on vacation . Brother to killers : ` You guys are cowards ' The Sheriff 's Department immediately alerted homicide , but it took investigators four days to obtain the warrants needed to complete a full search of the home . During those three days , the McStay home was unsealed . The McStays ' friends and family had some access in and out of the house . Joseph 's mother straightened up the kitchen , which she says smelled terrible because of the trash . Michael McStay said the house was not deemed a crime scene because there was no sign of forced entry . With investigators ' permission , he said , he grabbed his brother 's computer and SD card . Given all of the foot traffic in the house , freelance investigative journalist Steph Watts said critical evidence could have been lost . "  Certain items that might have been really key to the big mystery of why they left that house are gone , " he said .	The bodies of the McStay family were found in the desert last year The family was last seen alive in February 2010 Detectives have not named any suspects
CNN  -- Champion jockey Frankie Dettori has vowed to "  rebuild his reputation " after accepting a six-month suspension , having been found guilty of using a banned substance . Dettori , who will be 42 this month , tested positive in France on September 16 for a drug that has widely reported by British media to have been cocaine . He was cautioned by police for possession of the drug in 1993 . France Galop , the country 's horse racing ruling body , announced on Wednesday that the Italian will be banned from November 20 to May 19 , though it did not reveal the substance in question . It has asked other horse racing authorities around the world to enforce its decision . "  For similar cases , France Galop has never revealed the substances found and will therefore not reveal the substance for this specific case , " spokesman Julien Pescatore said . Dettori 's legal representative Christopher Stewart-Moore said the jockey had accepted the punishment . "  He also accepts that he has let down the sport he loves and all those associated with it , as well as the wider public , " Stewart-Moore said in a statement . "  But most of all , and this is his greatest regret , he has let down his wife and children . " Dettori , who has five children with wife Catherine , is one of the world 's most successful jockeys . He is most famous for riding seven successive winners in one meeting at prestigious English course Ascot in 1996 , and has more than 500 Group-level victories in his career so far . He is a household name in Britain , where one bookmaker announced odds of his chances of success in next year 's premier meetings immediately after the French authority 's decision was announced . Dettori revealed in October that he will be ending his fulltime role at the Godolphin stable next year , and last month news broke about his positive test during a race meeting at the Longchamps course in Paris . "  Racing has been good to Frankie and he knows that his privileged position brings with it responsibility , " Stewart-Moore said . "  For this reason he is determined to rebuild his reputation when he returns to the saddle . " France Galop said Dettori will have to undergo further drug testing from April 20 before he is allowed to return to racing . Stewart-Moore said the three-time British champion , who has admitted taking weight-loss drugs in the past , is taking full responsibility for the failed test . "  He is clear that the responsibility for his current situation lies squarely with him , " Stewart-Moore said "  From the start of France Galop 's inquiry he has acknowledged to them he has made a mistake and that the fault was his . "  Finally , he has asked me to thank everyone for the many messages of support he and his family have received . " The British Professional Jockeys ' Association said it would support Dettori 's rehabilitation , but denied there was a widespread problem of drug use among its members . "  From 2,607 in-competition urine tests and 3,697 breath tests since 2005 , there is no evidence to suggest that there is a fundamental drug problem with jockeys , " PJA chief executive Paul Struthers said . "  0.3 % of urine tests were positive for drugs and 0.2 % of both urine and breath tests were positive for alcohol . " The PJA said from 2005-11 it had recorded four positive tests for cocaine , one for cannabis and two for diuretics  water shedding drugs  -- both of which were for amateur riders . One alcohol positive was above the drink driving limit , and five were below . Struthers said the PJA was aiming to raise awareness about the issue of jockeys ' mental wellbeing . "  As well as all the normal pressures that other sportsmen and women have to contend with , unlike many other sports jockeys have the added pressures of massively reduced calorific intake and are constantly at very real risk of serious injury , " he said . "  When it comes to mental wellbeing , racing perhaps lags behind other sports particularly when it comes to raising awareness of the issues and the support that is available , and it is overdue that more was done . "	French racing authority bans Frankie Dettori for six months over positive drug test Jockey accepts the decision and vows to rebuild his reputation when he returns Father of five regrets having let down his family and fans , Dettori 's lawyer says He will have to undergo further testing before he can start racing again in May
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The websites of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and of El Al , the Israeli airline , were brought down Monday morning by an apparent hacking attack . An internet hacker who calls himself Ox Omar sent an e-mail to the Jerusalem Post Monday in which he claims that together with a hacking group calling themselves "  Nightmare " that the websites of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and that of El Al would be brought down . Idit Yaaron , the spokeswoman for the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange , told CNN that the main site of the stock exchange where the trading takes place was not harmed and operates on a very high level of Internet security . Trading has continued unaffected , she said . A secondary internet web site was affected for a short period of time . El Al spokesman , Ran Rahav , released a statement saying , "  El Al is aware that for the past two weeks a cyber war is raging against Israel . The company is closely monitoring the Saudi hacker activity . El Al is taking precautions regarding its website and as a result there may be disruptions in the activity of the website . " The "  cyber war " started at the beginning of the month when a group claiming to be Saudi Arabian hackers posted the credit card information and other identifying data of thousands of Israelis on line , prompting an international investigation . "  Hi , It 's Ox Omar from the group xp , largest Wahhabi group of Saudi Arabia " read a statement posted on an Israeli sports web site the group hacked into . "  We are anonymous Saudi Arabian hackers . We decided to release  the  first part of our data about Israel . " Wahhabism is an Islamic religious movement . The Bank of Israel released a statement last Tuesday saying that , based on information from credit card companies , only around 15,000 credit card numbers were exposed and those credit cards were blocked for use in Internet and phone purchases . Yoram Hacohen , who heads the Israeli Law , Information and Technology Authority at the Israeli Ministry of Justice , told CNN in a phone interview on Friday that he is more concerned about the private information that was released than the actual credit card numbers ; he fears that the publishing of e-mail addresses , phone numbers and home addresses could lead to identification theft . Hacohen said that hacking is a criminal act against citizens and the Israeli authorities have begun a criminal investigation , including a computer forensic probe to search for electronic evidence in an attempt to locate the group . The theft of personal information is a criminal act under Israel 's Privacy Protection law . Hacohen acknowledged that in the digital world , offenders are difficult to track and authorities are asking for international help in the matter . Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , speaking at a public event , called the Saudi hackers attack "  a breach of sovereignty comparable to a terrorist operation and  it  must be treated as such . " A few days later his own website was targeted in a cyber attack . In a statement on his Facebook page , Ayalon wrote that "  Muslim extremists " hacked into his website "  to try and prevent me from continuing to do my work on behalf of the State of Israel , especially my online public diplomacy . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu created a National Cyber Directorate in 2011 , noting the emergence of cyber attacks that could "  potentially paralyze life systems -- electricity , communications , credit cards , water , transportation , traffic lights . " He said in December that the new agency -- along with a rocket defense system and a physical fence -- would help protect Israel against its enemies .	Saudi hackers say in an e-mail they attacked the sites Earlier Saudi hackers had exposed thousands of Israeli credit card numbers Deputy foreign minister has his website hacked
