Washington  CNN  -- Investigators searching a Washington , D.C. , park for a missing 8-year-old girl found the body of a man matching her suspected kidnapper 's description , police said Monday . Relisha Rudd has been missing since March 1 , when she was last seen with Kahlil Tatum , a 51-year-old janitor at the homeless shelter where Relisha lived . Although the body has not been positively identified , "  everything we have is consistent with what  investigators  know about  Tatum 's  appearance , " D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told reporters Monday , adding that the death was "  most likely a suicide . " The search for Relisha intensified last week when authorities began combing Kenilworth Park and Aquatic Gardens . The search was prompted by evidence that Tatum had spent time there after Relisha 's disappearance . "  On March 2 , we know that Mr. Tatum purchased , among other items , a carton of black , 42-gallon , self-tie contractor trash bags within the District of Columbia , " Lanier said Thursday . "  Not long after that purchase , Mr. Tatum was in the area of the aquatic gardens for a period of time . " Lanier said after Relisha was last seen , Tatum continued to go to work and was seen around the capital several times between March 2 and March 20 . Lanier said Relisha was not with Tatum in any of those sightings . Tatum had not been seen since March 20 . Tatum was a janitor for the homeless shelter where Relisha 's family had been staying , and it appears Tatum had permission to be with the girl . The case took on new urgency when police discovered the body of Tatum 's wife , Andrea Denise Tatum , 51 , at a suburban Maryland motel earlier this month . That discovery prompted police to issue an Amber Alert for Relisha . The possible discovery of Tatum 's body will not end the search for Relisha , according to Lanier . "  We 're still here for the reason we came to be here , to find Relisha . " The search for the girl has been extensive . Lanier told reporters "  hundreds of police officers and firefighter cadets " had been pulled to help with the search , along with divers , underwater cameras , aerial surveillance , search dogs , and cadaver dogs . "  Our primary focus here was to find Relisha , " Lanier said Monday . "  We 're not finished . That search is continuing . "	Relisha Rudd , 8 , was last seen with Kahlil Tatum , a janitor at the shelter where she lived A body found in a Washington park Monday is thought to be that of Tatum , 51 Tatum 's wife was found dead in a Maryland hotel , and an Amber Alert was issued The search for Relisha , last seen March 1 , will continue , police say
CNN  -- A pioneer in sales of digital music , Apple on Monday became a late entrant in the booming music-streaming wars . When its iTunes Radio feature launches this fall along with a new version of Apple 's mobile operating system , it will go head-to-head with established competitors such as Pandora and Rdio , as well as other tech heavyweights in Facebook-affiliated Spotify , Twitter Music and Google Play All Access . All of which raises the question : In a crowded field , what 's going to persuade people already using  and , in some cases , paying for  those other services to switch to Apple 's ? Apple appears to be banking on the extensive music library it 's piled up on iTunes and the customer base that 's already used to shopping there . The iTunes store boasts a catalog of 26 million songs  Spotify , by way of comparison , claims more than 20 million  and more than 50 billion files have been downloaded from iTunes since it launched in 2001 . "  As a large company , Apple has a few major advantages , " said Karl Volkman , chief technical officer at Chicago 's SRV Network . "  They have a large and loyal customer base established and the capability to be competitive with advertising revenue rates , both providing great incentive for music publishers . " But after Monday 's announcement , many folks in tech circles seemed less bullish on the idea . For a company that built its empire on bold leaps into the unknown -- few had heard of smartphones before the iPhone or tablets before the iPad -- Web radio feels like a copycat maneuver , they said . It remains to be seen whether Apple will go all-in with the product , seeing it as the logical extension of its iTunes brand , or float it as an afterthought , like its short-lived and seldom-used Ping social site . "  Apple 's entry is a discovery tool that seems to exist just to help sell you tracks from the iTunes music store , " wrote Roberto Baldwin at Wired . "  But hey , at least it has streaming Led Zeppelin . " Apple Vice President Eddy Cue does n't exactly stifle that line of thought . "  iTunes Radio is an incredible way to listen to personalized radio stations which have been created just for you , " Cue said in the statement . "  It 's the music you love most and the music you 're going to love , and you can easily buy it from the iTunes Store with just one click . " It 's no mystery why Apple , like Facebook , Google and Twitter before them , wants in on music streaming . Streaming , by which users listen to ad-supported music for free or pay a monthly fee , is the fastest growing form of music listening , according to industry reports . The Recording Industry Association of America , in its annual report , said that while overall music sales were down in 2012 , digital-music sales were up 14 % , topping $ 4 billion . "  Digital growth was driven by large increases in revenues through what can broadly be referred to as ` access models , ' where users can choose to listen from large libraries of music rather than purchasing individual songs or albums , " the report read . Apple 's offering will be ad-supported , in addition to serving as another portal into the iTunes store . And unlike most of its competitors , which are available across platforms , it will only be accessible on Apple products . Like Pandora , users will be able to "  seed " stations with particular artists and hear selections from similar ones . Apple will track a user 's selections , as well as their iTunes purchase history , to continually fine-tune their stations to their tastes . On mobile devices , users will be able to ask voice-activated "  assistant " Siri to play , skip or pause songs , or to search for groups , or styles of music to play . But in the wake of the announcement , most analysis focused on an apparent lack of innovation on Apple 's part . If it ai n't broke , the thought went , why does Apple want to fix it ? "  iTunes Radio is a Pandora knockoff , " Rocco Pendola of finance site The Street told CNN . "  It absolutely will not come close to Pandora in terms of functionality and user experience . It ca n't possibly do that . Pandora is a 13-year-old company ... . Apple is just doing what everyone else had done -- copying it . "	Apple 's iTunes Radio joins crowded music-streaming field Feature will be ad-supported , feature iTunes ' 26 million songs Some question whether there 's a need for more streaming Facebook , Google , Twitter and others already have services
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A letter from about 30 prominent rabbis ' wives was causing a stir in Israel Wednesday because it urges Israeli girls not to date Arabs . The open letter comes three weeks after the uproar caused by another letter , which was written by 50 state-appointed rabbis and told Jews not to rent or sell property to non-Jews . The latest missive , which was published by some websites and news outlets , says Arab men act polite around Jewish girls and "  act as if they really care about you , " but it says that 's a ruse . The men , it says , even change their Arab names to Hebrew forms like Yossi and Ami in order to get close to the girls . "  This behavior is temporary , " the letter says . "  As soon as you are in their hands , in their villages under their control , everything becomes different . You can ask dozens of girls who have been there . They will tell you it is all an act . "  As soon as you arrive at the village , your life will never be the same . The attention will be replaced with curses , beatings , and humiliations . Even if you want to leave the village it will be much harder . They wo n't let you , they will chase you , they wo n't let you come back . " It urges Jewish girls not to go out with non-Jews or work in places that employ non-Jews . "  Your grandmothers never dreamt that their descendants would do something that will take the next generations of her family out of the Jewish people , " it says . The letter was initiated by the head of Lehava , an extreme right-wing group that says it aims to prevent the "  assimilation of the Jewish people " and works at "  saving Jewish girls from Arab villages . " "  It 's known that girls who go out with Arabs are beaten , these girls are in danger . ... There is a violent social trend and everyone ignores it , " said the head of the group , Anat Gopstein , in a radio interview Wednesday morning . The head of Israel 's Reform movement , Rabbi Gilad Kariv , harshly condemned the letter and said , "  Israeli society is falling into a deep , dark pit of racism and xenophobia , " according to spokeswoman Yuli Goren . More than 30 female rabbis from the Reform movement published a counter-letter harshly condemning the one released Wednesday , Goren said . Kariv also called on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Justice Minister Yaacov Neeman to speak out against it . Among the rabbis ' wives who signed the letter is Nitzchia Yossef , the daughter-in-law of Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , the spiritual leader of the ultra-orthodox Shas political party . Esther Lior , the wife of extreme right-wing Rabbi Dov Lior , was another signatory . Rabbi Yosef was one of the authors of the letter written earlier this month that urged Jews not to sell or rent property to non-Jews . It prompted widespread condemnation from politicians , human rights groups and leading rabbis in both Israel and the United States . The letter , which was distributed to synagogues and published in some religious newspapers , had warned that those who defied the religious ruling should be ostracized . It said if one apartment is taken by a non-Jew , it devalues all the neighbors ' apartments . More than 800 rabbis from around the world signed a petition against the letter , saying "  statements like these do great damage to our efforts to encourage people to love and support Israel . " The petition said "  the attempt to root discriminatory policies based on religion or ethnicity in Torah is a painful distortion of our tradition . Am Yisrael  the Jewish people  knows the sting of discrimination , and we still bear the scars of hatred . When those who represent the official rabbinic leadership of the state of Israel express such positions , we are distressed by this ... desecration of God 's name . " Nearly 1.5 million Arab residents live inside Israel , making up 23 % of the population . A poll published Tuesday by the Hebrew University in Jerusalem showed that 48 % of Israelis oppose the call to avoid renting or selling property to Arabs .	The letter is written by prominent rabbis ' wives It says girls should not date or work with Arab men It follows another letter urging Jews not to sell or rent property to Arabs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It took a U.S. former president with global celebrity status to free two American journalists from a North Korea prison . Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore greets freed U.S. journalist Laura Ling . Laura Ling and Euna Lee arrived back in the United States Wednesday morning with former President Bill Clinton , who flew to North Korea to negotiate their release after they were sentenced to a labor camp . Iain Clayton said Wednesday that his wife , Laura , told him through a telephone conversation that the North Koreans were willing to grant the two journalists amnesty if a high-level envoy , such as former President Clinton , were willing to travel to Pyongyang . But there was no shortage of envoys ready to travel to North Korea and negotiate the women 's release . Some heavyweights were turned down by the North Koreans : former Vice President Al Gore , a co-founder of the media outfit the women were working for when they were arrested , and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations whose previous missions to North Korea included negotiating the release of a detained American . Lower-level envoys such as former U.S. ambassador to South Korea and current Korea Society Chairman Donald Gregg , Sig Harrison , an expert on North Korean nukes who has traveled there several times , and Han Park , a scholar at the University of Georgia , all offered their services . Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was also closely involved in coordinating efforts with the White House and State Department to free the women . According to sources intimately involved with the efforts , Sen. John Kerry -- chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- received an official invitation to visit Pyongyang to facilitate their release and open a larger dialogue on the nuclear issue after several weeks of quiet direct diplomacy between Kerry and his aides and North Korea . In the end , it was Clinton whom North Korea wanted . Two senior Obama administration officials described on background how Clinton 's mission to Pyongyang to secure the release of two U.S. journalists imprisoned by North Korea evolved . Officials said that while President Obama never spoke directly with the former president about this issue , negotiations were under way within the administration . During the weekend of July 24-25 , Clinton spoke with National Security Adviser Gen. Jim Jones about his willingness to take on this mission . Clinton ultimately agreed to go on the mission but made it very clear in every communication that this was purely a humanitarian effort . Clinton also wanted to make sure , based on the due diligence of the national security team , that there was a high likelihood of success if he went . "  We were convinced this would be the result , and based on that we could advise President Clinton that his trip was going to be successful , " one official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Wednesday that "  we did our homework ... to make sure that if President Clinton did take this trip , that we would be able to ... win the freedom for these two . " Kelly said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also had a role in the mission , adding that "  The State Department was very involved . " More details , he said , will be released . Administration officials also said it was always made clear by Clinton and the national security team that this would be a humanitarian mission . "  We had one goal in mind , which was in the U.S. interest , which was to seek the release of these two U.S. Americans , " one of the officials said . "  And it was n't in any way about our disagreements with the DPRK with respect to its conduct , or with respect to our intention to vigorously enforce resolutions and to vigorously seek the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . " Clinton and his team engaged in a 75-minute meeting with President Kim Jong Il and then had a dinner which lasted a little over two hours . "  So the total amount of time that they were in meetings or agendas with each other was about a little over three hours and 15 minutes , " one official said . Asked if the nuclear issue at least was discussed , the official said , "  I do n't have an answer to that question . I 'm sure President Clinton gave President Kim his views on denuclearization and his views are well known with respect to denuclearization . " While Gore was turned down by North Korea , he was , however , actively involved in this effort from the start , speaking often with the families and the Obama administration . On Wednesday , Obama thanked the former vice president , saying he "  worked tirelessly in order to achieve a positive outcome . " Clinton 's humanitarian help was not lost on Obama -- who reached out to the journalists ' families on Tuesday night . "  I want to thank President Bill Clinton -- I had a chance to talk to him -- for the extraordinary humanitarian effort that resulted in the release of the two journalists , " he said at the White House . "  My hope is that the families that have been reunited can enjoy the next several days and weeks understanding that because of the efforts of President Clinton and Gore they are able to be with each other once again . " CNN 's Dan Lothian , Ed Hornick and Elise Labott and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Former President Clinton talked with national security adviser before trip Clinton made it clear that his trip was strictly humanitarian , officials say Meetings with North Korean leader totaled a little over three hours Former VP Al Gore was "  vigorously involved " in effort to free journalists
CNN  -- It all starts on the sixth floor of the five-star Lotte Hotel , in the center of Seoul . After booking my place for Panmunjom Travel Center 's Combined Tour , I show up at the agency office at 7:45 on a chilly Friday morning in December to begin my adventure . A model of a Republic of Korea soldier stands guard in front of a footbridge that dead-ends at the DMZ . Our destination for the day is the DMZ -- or the "  heavily fortified " Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea . Passport and conservative attire are required on the day -- this is not a do-it-yourself tour . Four kilometers  2.8 miles  wide , 240 km long and roughly 55 km north of Seoul , the DMZ was created on July 27 , 1953 , following the Armistice Agreement that ended three years of fighting , if not the war itself . Half a century later , the untouched buffer zone between the Koreas has evolved into a highly protected ecological sanctuary , home to several rare species of plant and wildlife , including whooper cranes and white herons . As the tour bus makes its way northward along the "  Freedom Highway , " the guides brief us on the infiltration tunnels dug by the North Korean army with the intention to covertly invade Seoul and take over South Korea . Since Kim Il Sung 's combat order to dig them in 1971 , four such tunnels have been discovered respectively in 1974 , 1975 , 1978 and 1990 . The third tunnel , 75 meters deep and the closest to Seoul , is the one we are scheduled to visit . Our first stop is Paju , a small city bordering the DMZ , full of ominous symbols that double as tourist distractions leading up to the heart of the border-line tension . A sheltered peace bell , a footbridge that dead-ends into a barbed-wire fence , an exhibition of military vehicles and missiles employed during the war , the trans-Korean "  Iron Horse " train stopped dead in its tracks and an abandoned amusement park are just some of the attractions that greet visitors to Paju on their way to the real danger zone . Unfortunately , after our extended visit , we learn that the previous night 's snowfall has left the road to the Western Frontline dangerously slippery and closed until further notice . In short , our Third Infiltration Tunnel tour has been canceled . We thus proceed directly to the Mt. Odu Observatory , where we are left in the hands of our new guide , Sky . She proves to be a lively and knowledgeable lady , whose name reflects the well-known acronym used to refer to South Korea 's top three universities : Seoul National , Korea and Yonsei . Among other food-for-thought tidbits , she points out that there are many more South Korean spies sent to the North than North Korean spies sent to the South  see also the movie "  Silmido "  , which coincidentally puts the whole infiltration-tunnel propaganda into perspective . After a traditional Korean lunch of bulgogi  grilled beef  or bibimbap  baked rice  at a roadside restaurant and a short documentary screening at Camp Bonifas , we finally arrive at our main destination of Panmunjom , officially called JSA  Joint Security Area   see also the movie "  JSA "  . Building up excitement , we are greeted by a sign that reads : "  Clear all weapons before entering compound . " After a careful passport check , we are instructed to "  do n't read , just sign " a Visitor 's Declaration  later returned to us  stating that "  Although incidents are not anticipated , the United Nations Command , the United States of America , and the Republic of Korea can not guarantee the safety of visitors and may not be held accountable in the event of a hostile enemy act . " As the bus progresses into the lot where we will transfer to a U.N. vehicle , Sky warns us of previous tourist "  incidents " resulting in a sudden tour cancellation for all participants , including one in which a man was carrying an unauthorized flask of newly purchased soju  rice wine  . In another , much more serious breach , one "  tourist " turned out to be an expelled North Korean trying to get back across the border . In yet another incident , a German human-rights activist tried to backstep into the North . These were n't the first time the tours have been considered as a potential penetration route by either side . Both South and North Korea offer tours of the DMZ , while the tourists who take in the sight from the North are predominantly Chinese . In our tour group today are mostly Americans and Asians , including a few Singaporeans and lots of Japanese . The U.S. military 's USO  United Service Organizations  also provides tours , as well as the official JSA dress code , which specifies no baggy pants , graffitied T-shirts , among others . Not so long ago , even jeans were outruled , being perceived by the North as linked to American decadence . Once we are seated inside the U.N. vehicle , passports are examined a second time , along with a quick dress-code check . Mini skirts , heels and flip-flops are out , although sneakers seemed to be accepted -- "  so you can run faster " in case of emergency , informs Sky . We are led in an orderly single file into one of the small blue U.N. conference rooms that straddles the Military Demarcation Line  MDL  , where heated scuffles have been known to break out between delegates of North and South . The southern ROK  Republic of Korea  soldiers in particular are known to be exceptionally fit , running several kilometers each day , while many are certified taekwondo masters . Only once inside is photography allowed , but no touching -- that includes our hosts , the hard-hatted ROK soldiers , whose dark glasses make eye-contact impossible . "  I feel very comfortable today , " remarks Sky , referring to the visible absence of KPA  Korean People 's Army  soldiers around the premises . Indeed , there are no footprints in the untreaded snow north of the MDL just outside . More photo-taking is permitted from a designated outdoor observatory point , then it 's back into the bus for a final view of the MDL face-off from a close but safe distance . As we wait in the lot to transfer back onto our original tour bus , I dare to ask our guide a risque question : What exactly is inside the ROK soldiers ' pants ? It sounds as if heavy beads are shaking the beat to their every step as they walk . "  Ball bearings , " answers Sky . "  They put them in their trouser legs so that one soldier walking sounds like a whole troop marching , to scare the enemy . " The bus makes a final outdoor stop at the highest military checkpoint within the JSA , giving us a panoramic view of the naturally disguised minefields that stretch across to the North Korean mountains . Below in the vast stretch of bush , we see a small clearing on the side of the road , marked by a plaque . We are told it 's the site where two U.N. command officers were killed by North Korean guards in 1970 as they were axing down a yellow poplar tree that was blocking the view . Here on the viewing platform , just 1 km away from the building where the Armistice Agreement was signed 54 years ago , a pyramid-shaped stone reads : " ... From the initiation of hostilities on June 25 , 1950 , until the Armistice the war cost the Korean people untold treasure , anguish and the lives of approximately 150,000 members of the Republic of Korea armed forces . United Nations Command forces suffered approximately 40,000 casualties in the fight for liberty . Thanks to these sacrifices the Republic of Korea is a ` Free and democratic country ! ' " As people begin hopping back onto the bus to leave Panmunjom , two ROK soldiers graciously agree to pose with a few tourists who ca n't get enough of this military field trip . As we wave good-bye , just before one soldier sees the group off with a dutifully stiff salute , I catch a glimpse of his comrade offering us a rare smile . E-mail to a friend	DMZ has evolved into a highly protected ecological sanctuary Four infiltration tunnels have been dug by the North Korean army since 1971 Authorities "  may not be held accountable in the event of a hostile enemy act "
CNN  -- You might know South Africa for Kruger National Park , where you can see the Big Five , or for the gorgeous beaches and wine farms that surround Cape Town . But there 's more to see and do around this 1.2-million-square-kilometer  463,000 square miles  country . These 10 destinations help round out a full South Africa experience . 1 . Johannesburg Often shunned by visitors , Jozi  as South Africans call Johannesburg  thrives on new ideas , outrageous talent and bold creativity . It 's a city with an energy all of its own -- for that reason alone it 's worth exploring . What to do : You can soak up the vibe at Maboneng Precinct , an inner-city neighborhood that 's become a trendy gathering place for artists , foodies and performers . Food , accommodation and entertainment are all here . Another creative gathering space is 44 On Stanley . Once a collection of industrial buildings , it 's been transformed into space that houses design studios , coffee shops and boutique stores . Where to stay : The Troyeville Hotel is as famous for the artists and political activists who 've stayed here , as it is for the hearty Portuguese cuisine it 's served them . Operating as a hotel since the 1930s , the Troyeville 's intellectually inclined gatherings remain legendary for good food and conversation . 2 . Cradle of Humankind Experts say we all come from an area just hour outside of Johannesburg : the Cradle of Humankind . This UNESCO World Heritage Site has been inhabited by humans and our ancestors for more than 3 million years , providing an incredible look into our development as a species . What to do : The area is divided into two main sections . Maropeng has the official visitor center , built as a grassy dome . From here you can take an underground boat trip . The Sterkfontein Caves have exhibitions and trails into the caves . This is a fascinating area , with world-class interactive exhibitions , requiring a full day to take it all in . Where to stay : To sleep close to where it all began , you can stay at the Maropeng Boutique Hotel . The hotel , which has lovely views across the Magaliesberg and Witwaterberg mountains , is a short walk from the Maropeng visitor center . 3 . Free State The Free State is a province wrapped around the north of Lesotho that bulges into South Africa 's interior . It 's a province dominated by farm areas -- but in the east , in the foothills of the Maluti Mountains , there 's spectacular scenery . What to do : Sunrise and sunset are memorable times at the Golden Gate Highlands National Park , when the sun 's rays turn majestic sandstone cliffs into columns of deep yellow and ocher . Game viewing at this park is good -- you can expect to see eland , blesbok , springbok and black wildebeest . Guided horseback rides take in the peaceful , picturesque town of Clarens . Surrounded by sandstone mountains , it 's known for art galleries and pottery studios . The Free State is a three-hour drive from Johannesburg -- it 's a popular weekend trip for locals . Where to stay : Just outside Clarens , Kiara Lodge has a spa , swimming pool , good restaurant and lots of activities . The views are lovely , and it 's a good base for exploring the Golden Gate Highlands National Park and Clarens . 4 . The Battlefields The Drakensberg is one of South Africa 's most dramatic mountain ranges , where the land drops through cliffs and valleys and into undulating hills and flatlands that eventually extend toward the east coast . Below "  the Berg , " the flatlands and hills mingle around the towns of Ladysmith and Dundee , where some of the most epic battles between the English , Afrikaners and Zulus were fought in the late 1800s . Known as The Battlefields , this beautifully wild area was the scene of bloody clashes during the Anglo-Boer and Anglo-Zulu wars . What to do : Hiring a guide helps get the full picture of these dramatic battle sites . Where to stay : Nambiti Hills is an exclusive five-star private game reserve that can be used as a base for viewing both the Big Five and embarking on guided tours of the battlefields . Amphi Backpackers is a budget-friendly option . From here , there are walking or climbing day trips into the Drakensberg . 5 . The Midlands KwaZulu-Natal 's Midlands is a popular weekend getaway from the city . The winding roads through the pretty farming area have become home to many top restaurants , cafes , art galleries and guesthouses , most of which belong to the Midlands Meander tourism route . What to do : The Capture Site marks the spot where Nelson Mandela was arrested in 1962 . It 's possible to fly through the trees at Karkloof Canopy Tours , eat fine food at Hartford House , an award-winning restaurant  and guesthouse  and shop for handcrafted leather shoes at Groundcover . Where to stay : Rawdons is a stately hotel near a town called Nottingham Road . It 's cozy and English -- pretty gardens , plush decor , roaring log fires . A highlight for many is the Boar 's Head Pub , serving ales and lagers made by the independent Nottingham Road Brewing Company . 6 . Umhlanga Rocks Many have heard of Durban , the city on South Africa 's east coast  surfers love it  beloved for its warm weather throughout the year . Not so familiar is Umhlanga Rocks . About 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  up the coast and just 15 minutes from Durban International Airport , upmarket Umhlanga , with wide , sandy beaches , has a permanent vacation vibe . It 's packed with big beach houses , blocks of seaside apartments , hotels , restaurants , cafes and bars and the enormous Gateway Theatre of Shopping , reportedly the largest shopping mall in the southern hemisphere . What to do : The Umhlanga Promenade leads to the Umhlanga Lagoon Reserve , a haven for bird-watchers . The luxurious Oyster Box hotel offers an indulgent high tea served with a view of the Indian Ocean . The hotel 's Lighthouse bar does a decent line in sundowners . On the last Sunday of the month , the Wonder Market at Chris Saunders Park offers a range of artisan foods and designer crafts and jewelry . Where to stay : A short walk from Umhlanga beach , Teremok Marine is a five-star guesthouse set in a large , old family home . The nooks of this quiet hideaway are filled with South African decor , from bright Ardmore cushions to lampshades made from the pages of books and delicate proteas  South Africa 's national flower  crafted from wood . 7 . Wild Coast Located between the Garden Route and Durban , the Wild Coast has rolling hills that drop into the sea and waterfalls that crash into lagoons . Cattle often wander the beaches , where few humans are to be seen . What to do : Spend a few days hiking along the beaches of the Wild Coast and you 'll come across skeletons of ships , flocks of sea birds and low-tide rock pools waiting to be explored . You can take surf lessons from a former pro-am world champ at Coffee Bay , or go diving . Where to stay : Bulungula Lodge is a simple eco-friendly establishment , 40 % of which is owned by the local village . If you 're not spending time on the beautifully wild and remote beach , you can immerse yourself in village life . 8 . Garden Route Knysna is the Garden Route area 's flagship town , known for oysters , beaches , lakes and forest . But if you travel "  up " the Garden Route you 'll get to the Tsitsikamma National Park , the less explored "  top tip " of the route . Up here , beautiful indigenous forests scramble down steep mountains through ravines and rocky crags to a jagged coastline . What to do : The Otter Trail is a spectacular five-day hike that 's so popular with South Africans you have to book almost a year in advance . It 's a strenuous hike through untouched forests along a particularly rugged and isolated part of the coastline . Visitors can explore the coast from the water on a "  kayak and lilo adventure , " paddling and floating their way through the sea , and then up the dramatic Storms River . Where to stay : Tranquility Lodge is a three-star guesthouse that 's almost on the beach in Nature 's Valley , a sleepy town surrounded by the Tsitsikama National Park . This is a good place to base if you want to spend time in the park , go bungee jumping , horseback riding , take boat cruises or visit a bird or elephant park . 9 . Cape Town One of the most beautiful cities in the world , Cape Town is flanked by the Indian and Atlantic oceans and watched over by iconic Table Mountain . Although the Mother City is incredibly popular with tourists , there are still a few secret places . What to do : Lion 's Head mountain at full moon is a spectacular experience , especially if it involves a picnic . There are likely be a few hundred people up there , but the vibe  many people take their drums or guitars  and view across the city as the sun sets and the moon rises is something that will be remembered for a long time . The Summer Sunset Concerts are another favorite with Capetonians . Held in the spectacular Kirstenbosch Gardens each Sunday during summer , locals flock with their picnic baskets to listen to some of South Africa 's top musicians . Where to stay : The Airstream Rooftop Trailer Park , on top of the Grand Daddy hotel in Long Street , is one of the quirkiest places to stay in the city . The trailers have been decorated by different artists -- themes include Dorothy , The Ballad of John and Yoko , and AfroPunk . 10 . Northern Cape Often just a big "  empty " place on the map , the Northern Cape is a fascinating area through which to drive . Up here in the Kalahari and Karoo deserts , once home to the San people , towns with wonderful names such as Hotazel , Kakamas , Nababeep and Pofadder pepper the map and provide interesting stopovers in a vast , dry landscape dominated by big sky . What to do : Stargazing in Sutherland is an event unto itself . Often the coldest town in South Africa , Sutherland is known around the world for its clear night skies The stargazing here is superb , which is why it 's home to SALT , the Southern African Large Telescope . In early spring , in the town of Niewoudville , the Namaqualand daisies burst into bloom -- the ocher earth is transformed as millions of flowers paint the landscape orange , pink , yellow , purple and white . Where to stay : Kokeboom B&B on Gannabos Farm is much loved by photographers and hikers : nearby is the world 's largest forest of quiver trees -- so called because bushmen use them to making hunting arrows . The comfortable cottage is close to Niewoudville and is on a popular flower route . Narina Exelby is a South African freelance travel writer based in Johannesburg .	Arty expeditions into Johannesburg 's center uncover a city with an energy of its own South Africa is home to the Cradle of Humankind , where our ancestors lived 3 million years ago The Midlands , the Wild Coast and the Garden Route offer exceptional scenic adventures
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A key Senate negotiator said Sunday that President Obama should drop his push for a government-funded public health insurance option because the Senate will never pass it . President Obama at a town hall meeting earlier this week pushing his health care reform plan . Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota said it was futile to continue to "  chase that rabbit " due to the lack of 60 Senate votes needed to overcome a filibuster . "  The fact of the matter is there are not the votes in the United States Senate for a public option . There never have been , " Conrad said on "  Fox News Sunday . " His comment signaled a shift in the health care debate , with Obama and senior advisers softening their support for a public option by saying final form of the legislation is less important than the principle of affordable coverage available to all . At a town hall meeting Saturday in Colorado , Obama said the public option is just one of many issues critical to successfully overhauling the ailing health care system . "  All I 'm saying is ... that the public option , whether we have it or we do n't have it , is not the entirety of health care reform . This is just one sliver of it , " the president said . Asked Sunday if Obama would accept a bill lacking a public option , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president insists on more competition in the health insurance marketplace to offer consumers better choices . "  The bottom line ... is : Do individuals looking for health insurance in the private market have choice and competition ? " Gibbs said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  If we have that , the president will be satisfied . " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius echoed Gibbs , telling CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that a final health care bill will include competitive choices for consumers in one form or another . "  There will be a competitor to private insurers , " she said . "  You do n't turn over the whole new marketplace to private insurance companies and trust them to do the right thing . We need some choices and we need some competition . " Opponents of overhauling the health care system argue the Democratic proposals under consideration by Congress go too far and will lead to a government takeover of the health care system . "  We have the best health care system in the world , " Republican Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  We need to expand it . We do not need to destroy it . " At issue is how to provide coverage for an estimated 46 million uninsured people while reversing a climb in health care costs . Democratic proposals passed so far by House and Senate committees include a public insurance option , mandates for people to be insured and employers to provide coverage , and an end to insurance companies refusing to cover pre-existing conditions . Most Republicans oppose the public option and requirements for employers to provide coverage . They also call for limits on medical malpractice lawsuits -- something Democrats generally do n't favor . However , the two parties generally agree on a number of provisions contained in the Democratic bills , including increased efficiency in Medicare and Medicaid and focusing on preventive health programs . Conrad is one of six Senate Finance Committee members -- three Democrats and three Republicans -- who are negotiating a compromise health care bill that would be the only bipartisan proposal so far . Instead of a public option , the negotiators are considering a plan proposed by Conrad to create nonprofit health insurance cooperatives that could negotiate coverage as a collective for their members . Conrad said such cooperatives would provide the competition sought by Obama and Democratic leaders to force private insurers to hold down costs and improve practices . The government would put up initial funding to provide required reserves but would have no other role , he said . "  It 's not a public plan at all in terms of government running it , " Conrad said . Shelby called the cooperative idea a "  step in the right direction " and "  a far cry " from other proposals , adding that Obama and Democratic leaders have "  read the tea leaves " from town hall meetings around the country . However , Democratic Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas told CNN it would be "  very , very difficult " to support a bill that lacked a public health insurance option . "  Without the public option , we 'll have the same number of people uninsured , " Johnson said in a "  State of the Union " interview . "  If the insurance companies wanted to insure these people now , they 'd be insured . " She added that "  an option that would give the private insurance companies a little competition " is "  the only way " to be sure that insurance is available to low-income people and people without employer-provided coverage . Meanwhile , leaders of organizations representing America 's doctors and senior citizens defended the proposed health care overhaul that their groups had opposed in past years . Dr. J. James Rohack , president of the American Medical Association , and John Rother of AARP -- formerly the American Association of Retired Persons -- told "  Fox News Sunday " a comprehensive overhaul sought by Democrats was necessary . "  There are some moving parts that if you just do one and do n't do the other , you 're going to have unintended consequences , " said Rohack , head of the nation 's largest doctors ' advocacy group . Rother , executive vice president of policy and strategy for the largest senior citizens ' advocacy group , said properly addressing excessive health care costs and waste requires addressing both health insurance coverage and how health care treatment is delivered . Both men rejected accusations that a health care overhaul would bring rationing of health treatment based on bureaucratic measures such as cost and economic productivity of patients . "  There 's a myth that rationing does n't occur right now , " Rohack said , noting that some companies currently deny coverage for pregnancy as a pre-existing condition . "  That 's why this bill is so important , " Rohack said . "  It gets rid of rationing happening right now " and leaves decisions to patients and doctors . Rohack also condemned claims by some Republicans that a provision in one House bill would lead to so-called "  death panels " encouraging euthanasia of senior citizens . "  That 's absolutely wrong , it 's a falsehood , " he said , adding that the provision was intended to provide government support for consultations between patients and their doctors . Spreading of the "  death panel " rumor by some conservative commentators and some Republican politicians prompted emotional opposition at town hall meetings across the country . Senate negotiators on a compromise bill say they have dropped the provision from their proposal due to potential misinterpretation of the intent .	Democratic senator from North Dakota : Not enough votes to filibuster Sen. Kent Conrad : President Obama should not "  chase that rabbit " Conrad , working on bipartisan proposal , suggests nonprofit insurance co-ops Obama has been campaigning for a government-backed health care option
CNN  -- It did n't seem like Taylor Swift could get any bigger . She 's got massive success in the music industry , millions of devoted fans and a permanent place in pop culture history , the latter thanks to an incident that the world will never , ever allow Kanye West to forget . But clearly , that was n't enough for the  literally  towering singer . In one week , she became the second-biggest selling act of 2014 and the only solo platinum-selling artist of the year -- all with the debut of her new album , "  1989 . " She pulled her music off Spotify , the most popular streaming site in the world , and managed to get pulled into a political controversy thanks to a remark during the U.S. Senate race in Iowa . You just could n't get away from her . Morning shows ? There was Swift performing on "  Good Morning America . " Prime time ? Look , it 's Swift on "  The Voice . " Online ? Between her tweets , "  1989 " - related photos and a countdown clock , she was ubiquitous . For all we know , she 's even boosted the sales of tap shorts . "  Taylor Swift is basically the biggest musician in the world this week , and that means she 's in the rare position of being able to do whatever she wants , " wrote Jacob Kastrenakes of The Verge . It 's the next step in the evolution of the singer who launched her career in country music at the age of 16 . Now 24 , she has weathered critics who have kept a tally of some of her alleged celebrity sins : Her music was n't country enough , her wide-eyed "  Gosh , I really won " awards acceptance speeches were n't genuine , and her relationships were mostly fodder for publicity and potential song material . Taylor Swift 's ' 1989 ' has biggest sales week since 2002 So what does Swift do ? She releases her first fully pop album , designates "  Shake It Off " -- an ode to her haters -- as the first single and declares herself happily single . "  I really like my life right now , " Swift recently told Rolling Stone . "  I have friends around me all the time . I 've started painting more . I 've been working out a lot . I 've started to really take pride in being strong . I love the album I made . I love that I moved to New York . So in terms of being happy , I 've never been closer to that . " It would seem Swift has long been on the path to world domination . Big Kenny of the country duo "  Big and Rich " said the singer displayed that she had what it took even as a teen at the annual Country Radio Seminar held in Nashville . "  She just had a charge in her that was twice her age really , " he said of the then-15-year-old . "  From the get-go . " Singer-songwriter Frankie Ballard toured with her and said Swift is n't one of those stars who mails it in . "  She was plugged in . She was there every day , " he said of his tour mate . "  She was the captain of the ship . " Protected by ` Swifties ' Swift gets that if this were high school , she would be the annoying straight-A student who is gorgeous , is friends with the other cool kids  Swift is BFFs with the likes of actress Selena Gomez and singer Lorde  , volunteers after school and dates the cutest boys . But she 's running for homecoming queen and is courting your vote -- hard . Not that she does n't already have plenty of admirers . Her fans , known as "  Swifties , " are equal parts adoring and protective of her . Come for Taylor Swift on Twitter , and you are sure to encounter her army . They are paying her back in part for being one of the most accessible music artists in the business . She does meet-and-greets , surprises them at their bridal showers , stalks their timelines and Instagram feeds , and even made them part of her newest project . Before the world ever heard a note from "  1989 , " Swift handpicked fans who had really , really wanted to meet her and invited them to her homes around the world for a listening party . They got hours to hang with their idol , taking Polaroids and delving into the new album . The fans were allowed to share their experiences and asked only to keep details about the new songs under wraps . 5 reasons you love Taylor Swift ... even if you do n't want to Swift told NPR that not only did they honor her request , but her fans stood guard when the album was leaked online two days before its October 27 release date . "  Anytime they 'd see an illegal post of it , they 'd comment , ` Why are you doing this ? Why do n't you respect the value of art ? ' " Swift said . " ` Do n't do this . We do n't believe in this . This is illegal . This is n't fair . This is n't right . ' And it was wild seeing that happen . " She needs that support in face of New Yorkers disliking the fact that she 's been named Global Welcome Ambassador for Tourism of the Big Apple . The choice of the Reading , Pennsylvania , native to represent New York has been less than popular , despite her move to Tribeca and her new single "  Welcome to New York . " "  I 'm incensed ! It 's insulting , " Twisted Sister frontman and Queens , New York , native Dee Snider told the New York Daily News . "  She does n't have any life experience here or connection to the town . " Taylor Swift : Dating is last thing on my mind Center of controversy It 's not just New York . Swift also became part of the debate in Iowa during the waning days of the 2014 campaign . Tom Harkin , the state 's retiring U.S. senator , entangled Swift in a bit of political negativity when he invoked her name while discussing Republican Joni Ernst , who was vying for his seat . "  Well , I  got to  thinking about that . I do n't care if she 's as good looking as Taylor Swift or as nice as Mr. Rogers , but if she votes like Michele Bachmann , she 's wrong for the state of Iowa , " Harkin said . He later apologized and said , "  I should n't have said those things , " but Ernst made some hay from the comment and won election . Swift has also ended up as part of the debate about Internet music streaming . On November 3 , she pulled her catalog from Spotify , leaving its 40 million users bereft of her five albums . Spotify quickly courted her return with a playlist filled with songs like "  Taylor " by Jack Johnson and "  You 're Amazing " by Epic Connection . "  We hope she 'll change her mind and join us in building a new music economy that works for everyone , " Spotify said in a statement . "  We believe fans should be able to listen to music wherever and whenever they want . " Swift told Yahoo Music that the decision was her own . "  I can say is that music is changing so quickly , and the landscape of the music industry itself is changing so quickly , that everything new , like Spotify , all feels to me a bit like a grand experiment , " she said . "  And I 'm not wiling to contribute my life 's work to an experiment that I do n't feel fairly compensates the writers , producers , artists and creators of this music . " Never underestimate Taylor Swift . Right now , she 's standing very tall . Why Taylor Swift is everything to the music industry	Taylor Swift is music 's biggest star right now She can do no wrong with her fans Swift is using her power and changing the industry
Travel + Leisure  -- With its tranquil beaches , the tiny northern island of Sylt is the country 's best-kept summer secret . An ideal way to see the island -- especially in late summer when the heather is in full bloom -- is by bike . Where to stay Long and narrow , and spread over 36 square miles , Sylt has a verdant countryside peppered with its signature low-slung cottages . Many house tiny hotels , like the secluded Dorint Sl ` ring Hof  1 Am Sandwall , Rantum ; 49-4651/836 -200 ; doubles from $ 550  , a 15-room inn tucked into the dunes on the southern coast with its own hidden stretch of sugary sand . For those who want to be closer to the action , there 's the Hotel Stadt Hamburg  2 Strandstrasse ; 49-4651/8580 ; doubles from $ 253  , in the charming village of Westerland . You 'll have to walk five minutes to the beach , but this tidy hotel , built in 1869 , is an ideal base for exploration . Where to eat The island 's dining scene attracts a number of German celebrities  Claudia Schiffer , Boris Becker  , and many frequent the stylish Sansibar  80 Hrnumer Str. , Rantum ; 49-4651/964 -656 ; dinner for two $ 130  . The restaurant 's North Sea-meets-Asian dishes , like fresh mussels in a sweet curry sauce , are a potent draw . In Kampen , you 'll find Greta 's Rauchfang  5 Strnwai ; 49-4651 / 42672 ; dinner for two $ 92  next to Louis Vuitton and Herms . Here , socialites enjoy bottles of Kristall  opened dramatically with sabers  , along with small plates of the sweet local shrimp . To get away from the fabulous set , head to Alter Gasthof  5 Alte Dorfstrasse , List ; 49-4651/877 -244 ; dinner for two $ 65  on the isle 's northern tip . This 200-year-old inn dishes out classic regional food , including stellar house-smoked salmon and eel . What to do Sylt is known for its nude beaches . The most famous is Buhne 16  133A Listlandstrasse , Kampen  , where Germans of every stripe let it all hang out as they lounge in wicker basket chairs . For those who like things a bit more covered up , try Am Roten Kliff , just north of Kampen , which is also  no surprise  less crowded . An ideal way to see the island -- especially in late summer when the heather is in full bloom -- is by bike . Fahrrad am Bahnhof  49-4651/5803  , in Westerland 's main train station , has a terrific rental selection , and the staff will happily suggest a route along Sylt 's 136 miles of well-laid-out paths . Getting there Sylt is reached by train from Berlin  5 hours  or Hamburg  31/2 hours  . By car , take the autobahn to Niebll from Berlin  290 miles  or Hamburg  120 miles  . There is no road connecting Sylt to the mainland ; vehicles board a train for the 30-minute trip to the island . For more , see bahn.de . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The island of Sylt is five hours from Berlin by train Sylt is known for its nude beaches The island 's dining scene attracts a number of German celebrities
CNN  -- Archie Manning : Super Bowl XLIV is Sunday in Miami , Florida . The New Orleans Saints will face the Indianapolis Colts , and it 's the first time the Saints have been in the Super Bowl in the team 's four-decade history . Archie Manning is in an interesting situation . The quarterback was drafted by the Saints in 1971 , and was hands-down the most famous and revered Saint , staying with them for ten years . He still has a home in New Orleans , Louisiana . Now his son , Peyton Manning , quarterback of the Colts , will face his father 's old team , the team he grew up rooting for . Archie Manning and his wife , Olivia , raised three football-playing sons . Cooper , an all-state high school wide receiver and now a partner in an investment firm ; Eli , who led the New York Giants to their Super Bowl win two years ago ; and Peyton , who did the same for the Colts the year before that . Eli and Peyton both won MVP awards . A few weeks ago , Mike Chappell in the Indianapolis Star reported that Archie Manning said he plans to root for the Colts . "  I 'm going to pull for my son , " Archie said . "  Saints coach  Sean Payton knows that . He 's a great friend of mine .  Saints quarterback  Drew Brees knows that . That 's just the way it is . Anybody who thinks it 's different must not have children . " Indy Star : Saints legend Archie Manning pulling for son , Colts Robert Park : North Korea said Friday it was releasing the Korean-American missionary detained after reportedly illegally entering the country in December , state-run media reported . Tyong Park , Robert Park 's father , said in San Diego , California , that he was "  so excited " by the news but had no other information about his son 's release . Robert Park told relatives before Christmas that he was trying to sneak into the isolated communist state to bring a message of "  Christ 's love and forgiveness " to North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . After an investigation , North Korean authorities "  decided to leniently forgive and release him , taking his admission and sincere repentance of his wrong doings into consideration , " the state-run Korea Central News Agency said . During an interview with North Korean authorities , Park reportedly told investigators that "  he was taken in by the false rumor spread by the West and committed a criminal act in the end . " Park said he heard stories of concentration camps and of mass killings , prompting him to go to North Korea to help , the news agency said . A South Korean Web site in December posted a copy of the letter it said Park was trying to deliver to Kim , urging the North Korean leader to free political prisoners and "  open your borders so that we may bring food , provisions , medicine , necessities , and assistance to those who are struggling to survive . " But according to the North Korean news agency , once Park was in North Korea he said he was treated well and allowed to attend church and pray freely . CNN : N. Korea says it is releasing U.S. citizen Joe Lombardi : He 's the grandson of legendary New York Giants and Green Bay Packers coach Vince Lombardi . The Los Angeles Times reports that Joe Lombardi , 38 , never met his famous grandfather ; he was born a year after his death in 1970 . Lombardi , the quarterbacks coach for the New Orleans Saints , told the newspaper that he had seen a quote from his grandfather saying he wished he had never said "  Winning is n't everything , it 's the only thing , " and that he feels Vince was misinterpreted . "  I think his point was that certainly your goal is to win , but it 's the process that you take in order to get there , the will to win , the will to prepare -- doing everything in your control in order to put yourself in position to win at anything . And I think that 's what his point was , more so than win at all costs , even if you 've got to cheat or cut corners , " Joe Lombardi told the Los Angeles Times . L.A. Times : Saints have a Lombardi , and now they want a trophy Jenny Sanford : "  Staying True " by Sanford , who in December filed for divorce from South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , will be available in bookstores Friday . Reporters exposed the governor 's affair with an Argentine woman after he disappeared for several days last summer . Staffers said he was hiking the Appalachian Trail . Sanford later admitted he was actually in Argentina with his mistress . Rather than standing by their men , wives of morally challenged politicians are now publicly opting to let their husbands clean up their own messes . That is one reason why former investment banker Jenny Sanford wrote her book , publisher Ballantine Books says on its Web site . "  She chose to let Mark Sanford deal with the embarrassment and political fallout from his own actions while focusing her own efforts privately on raising their children to be men of character , even in the face of the lies their father has told , " says the synopsis of her book on the site . CNN : Silent no more , wives go public about husbands ' affairs D.A. Powell : Claremont Graduate University in Southern California announced this week that D.A. Powell has won the $ 100,000 Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award for his book "  Chronic . " Powell teaches at the University of San Francisco and lives in the Bay Area of California . According to the Poetry Foundation , Powell was born in 1963 in Albany , Georgia . When he was teaching at Sonoma State , he noticed that many of his students wrote poems that somehow fit the size of the page they were working on , so he began experimenting with his students . What difference would it make if words were written on a candlestick or a roll of toilet paper ? When he wrote the first poem for his book , "  Tea , " he turned his legal pad sideways and began writing longer lines of poetry . Powell receives his prize this April . Here 's an excerpt from his poem , "  Chronic : " I carry the same baffled heart I have always carried / a bit more battered than before , a bit less joy / for I see the difficult charge of living in this declining sphere / by the open air , I swore out my list of pleasures : / sprig of lilac , scent of pine / the sparrows bathing in the drainage ditch ... " Claremont Graduate University : D.A. Powell wins Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award Poetry Foundation : Poet biography Poetry Daily : "  Chronic " What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Former Saints quarterback puts family before team Korean-American missionary to be released from North Korea Poet D.A. Powell wins $ 100,000 award for book , "  Chronic "
Washington  CNN  -- The dinner was billed as a "  Celebration of Service . " The honorees : Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . The hosts : the Federalist Society , an influential conservative legal group whose membership includes judges , lawmakers and government officials . Little news was made at the society 's recent three-day convention , but the appearance of perhaps the Supreme Court 's most right-leaning members was buzzworthy and just the latest chapter in what can be read as both drama and farce : the future of health care reform in the U.S. and the sideline war over who will be on hand to decide it . The high-stakes legal fight will be argued by the nine-member bench in March , with a ruling expected by June . And if advocates on both sides of the debate have their way , perhaps only seven , even six justices could decide what shapes up to be the biggest constitutional fight in a decade . The timing of Scalia 's and Thomas ' appearance especially outrages liberals , coming as it did just hours after the court privately agreed to accept the health care cases for review . There have been calls for Scalia and especially Thomas to recuse themselves or pull out of hearing the issue . And from the right : similar demands of Justice Elena Kagan . As a top member of President Obama 's Justice Department last year , conservatives allege , she may have been more involved than once believed in preparing legal strategy for the health care appeals just before she was chosen for the high court . None of the justices appear ready to step aside , something many legal analysts say is both proper and expected . "  We have attacks on both justices on the right , like Justice Thomas , and on the left , Elena Kagan , trying to influence the outcome of cases by getting them to recuse , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Washington lawyer and founder of Scotusblog.com . "  Particularly , we see this in the health care litigation that 's coming to the Supreme Court . All of those efforts are doomed . The justices realize that they need to participate in the case , it 's their constitutional duty , and I think this is just political posturing , on both sides , by activists . " Losing just one justice could make a difference A loss of just one justice from ruling on an issue like health care would be huge , making a difference perhaps in the ultimate outcome . No wonder activists have launched a political and legal war to try to manipulate the judicial playing field to each side 's advantage . And why should outside groups have all the fun ? To no one 's surprise , members of Congress also demand a piece of the action . House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith , R-Texas , demanded last week that the attorney general be more forthcoming about Kagan 's involvement . "  The public has a right to know both the full extent of Justice Kagan 's involvement with this legislation while she was  the Justice Department 's  solicitor general , as well as her previously stated views and opinions about the legislation while she was serving as solicitor general , " Smith wrote . Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell and three other senators echoed calls for more records on Kagan 's government correspondence . The 51-year-old Kagan was the administration 's top government lawyer handling appeals to the Supreme Court . Her nomination by Obama in May 2010 , and the weeks leading up to it , came at a time when Congress had passed -- and the president signed -- the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . The health care reform law would significantly change how Americans receive medical services and has been the subject of six current appeals pending at the high court . Twenty-eight states and dozens of individual plaintiffs have opposed the law . During her confirmation hearings to the high court last year , Kagan said she sat in "  at least one meeting where the existence of the litigation was briefly mentioned , but none where any substantive discussion of the litigation occurred . " The White House has long insisted that she was "  walled off " from involvement in the internal health care law discussions . After two conservative groups sued , the department turned over some documents related to Kagan . One e-mail from her to fellow department official Laurence Tribe talked about an upcoming House vote on health care : "  I hear they have the votes , Larry !! Simply amazing . " Another e-mail from her deputy at the time , Neal Katyal , indicated that Kagan asked her office "  to be involved in this set of issues . " That , says conservative lawyer Carrie Severino , proves that Kagan is "  the justice who knew too much . " "  The president is now asking her to adopt the very same positions her office helped craft for him on this matter , but this time , as a Supreme Court justice , " said Severino , of the Judicial Crisis Network . "  Her jump from advocate to judge on the same issue raises profound questions about the propriety of her continued participation in his case . Moreover , the legitimacy of any decision where she is in the majority or plurality would be instantly suspect if she chooses not to recuse herself . " Severino is a former law clerk to Thomas , himself the target of attacks on the left . Thomas ' wife opposed health care law Congressional Democrats have separately called on Thomas to pull out , citing his recent lapse in reporting the income of his wife for 13 straight years , as required by federal disclosure laws . The justice said the information was "  inadvertently omitted , " and his defenders note that his wife 's employment history for a variety of conservative causes was widely publicized . Virginia Thomas had worked for , and later founded , her own advocacy group , Liberty Central . Since she has openly opposed the health care bill , many liberals have said , her political activities raise questions about Justice Thomas ' own judicial independence and impartiality . "  To believe that Justice Thomas did n't know how to fill out a basic disclosure form is absurd , " said Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York , on behalf of 20 colleagues . "  I can not determine guilt or innocence , but I can request that the government do our due diligence in investigating a situation that strikes me , and many members of Congress , as suspicious . " Slaughter separately has asked the Justice Department and judiciary 's administrative office to investigate . Thomas ' liberal colleagues -- current Justice Stephen Breyer and retired Justice John Paul Stevens -- have recently defended him , suggesting that he can hear the health care cases with impartiality . Progressive groups Common Cause and Alliance for Justice say the Scalia/Thomas celebratory dinner was a "  stunning breach of ethics . " The Federalist Society event , say liberals , was nothing more than a fundraiser , with donors that included pharmaceutical company Pfizer . "  The justices were wining and dining at a black-tie fundraiser with attorneys who have pending cases before the court , " Common Cause President Bob Edgar said . "  Their appearance and assistance in fundraising for this event undercuts any claims of impartiality and is unacceptable . " Among those on the official program for the dinner were McConnell and attorney Paul Clement , himself a former solicitor general , who will argue the health care cases as a private lawyer on behalf of a coalition of two dozen states . Justices ultimately make the call Unlike other members of the federal judiciary , the justices decide for themselves whether a conflict of interest exists , requiring disqualification . The binding Code of Conduct of U.S. Judges requires recusal when "  impartiality might reasonably be questioned , " including having a family member directly involved in the case or if there is a financial interest , such as a justice owning stock in company being sued . In Kagan 's case , the code also demands recusal if a judge -- while serving in government -- "  participated as counsel , adviser or material witness concerning the proceeding or expressed an opinion concerning the merits of the particular case or controversy . " As a result , the newest justice had decided on her own to withdraw from considering at least 28 other cases the high court eventually accepted for review . The court by tradition will not openly discuss when to recuse , and that is true with Thomas , Kagan and Scalia . It also will not speculate on the outcome of cases or succumb to political or legal analysis . The written opinion will be the only way the court will officially speak . "  While the health care cases have huge political overtones , obviously , I think the justices are probably going to put them to the side , " said Scotusblog.com 's Goldstein . "  The legal stakes are so high that I do n't think they 'll pay attention that much , if at all , to the fact that it 's occurring in an election cycle . They have just got to get the case right . " Not having to explain themselves when ethical issues arise has led to well-meaning criticism to justices are ultimately accountable to no one , perhaps too arrogant or detached to see warning signs , that may do ultimate damage to the prestige and well-earned independence the courts have earned . But saying nothing or doing nothing in the face of such criticism is the familiar chosen path of a justice , whose professional and personal makeup urges a cautious , detached approach . For Thomas and Kagan , that will probably be enough to keep them participating in the health care scrum . For them , the bigger fights are not from outside but within the marbled walls of the court itself : the competitive , often ruthless internal command for a five-vote majority . All else is a mere prologue to a story nine robed people will soon be writing .	Thomas , Kagan and Scalia are at center of legal , political battle over case Many have called for them to recuse themselves or step aside during ruling Opponents cite previous litigation , political ties to key stakeholders
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It was one of the greatest humanitarian acts in history . Pondering an imaginary Yiddish-speaking place produced "  The Yiddish Policemen 's Union , " says Michael Chabon . At the beginning of World War II , as the Nazis tightened their grip on Europe , the U.S. government allowed millions of Jews to resettle from their homes in Poland and Russia to southeastern Alaska , along the panhandle . Two million Jews had died at the hands of the Nazi scourge , but millions more were saved as the Federal District of Sitka , Alaska , became the new Jewish homeland -- all the more important when the fledgling State of Israel went down to defeat in 1948 . However , 60 years later , Sitka is about to be returned to local jurisdiction , and the island 's Jews -- including a noted detective , Meyer Landsman -- are wondering where to go next . The Jewish people , forever rootless , will have to wander some more . Landsman 's got other problems , too . He 's rootless himself , biding his time in a seedy hotel . There 's the body that turned up in a nearby room , a onetime chess prodigy who appears to have major connections with some big shots -- machers , in the local Yiddish lingo . There 's his ex-wife , now his boss -- at least until the department is disbanded -- and his partner , a half-Jewish , half-Tlingit named Berko who 's far more responsible than Landsman . And there are a host of old enemies with long memories , particularly when Landsman decides to root around the dead chess player 's case . Landsman 's world is fiction , of course , a product of Michael Chabon 's imagination . Chabon 's new book , "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union "  HarperCollins  , combines Landsman 's hard-boiled detective 's terrain with the landscape of alternate history , one in which world events take a startling turn . The story is rooted in fact , the Pulitzer Prize-winning author Chabon  "  The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay "  observes . Chabon had written an article about the decline of Yiddish , and the reaction to the piece -- some of it very negative -- "  got me thinking about ... a possible , but nonexistent , imaginary Yiddish-speaking place in the modern world , " he says in an interview at CNN Center . In the article , he noted an actual plan by Franklin Roosevelt 's Interior secretary , Harold Ickes , to create a refuge for European Jews in Alaska , still 20 years from statehood . In reality , the plan was squelched thanks to the opposition of Alaska delegate Anthony Dimond , but in the "  Yiddish Policemen 's " world , Dimond is conveniently killed off and the plan goes forward . Chabon 's Federal District of Sitka is a land of tall apartment blocks and grimy streets , as if "  Hong Kong had moved to the other side of the Pacific Ocean , " he says . The novel is peppered with clever conceits . The book 's black hats , as in villains , are actual "  black hats , " a slang term for ultra-Orthodox Jews . The characters are fond of Filipino doughnuts , a twist on the Jewish taste for Chinese food . The place names of Russian Alaska are an apt companion to the Eastern European surnames of Chabon 's Jews , and then there are throwaway bits -- such as in the Sitka of 2001 , Orson Welles did release a version of "  Heart of Darkness . " Doing a genre novel -- or several at once , as "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " is part detective story , part alt-history , part modern Jewish folktale -- is n't considered the natural turf for a so-called literary writer like Chabon , but the author -- who has been vocal in support of genre fiction -- makes no apologies for the work . "  I only ever try to write in genres that I love ... I love hard-boiled detective novels , I love fantasy , I love science fiction , " he says . "  It feels like a natural impulse to want to integrate that passion that I have as a reader into my writing . I did n't see a good reason not to . ... And to say that there 's something inherently inferior about the mystery genre is just silly . " In writing "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union , " Chabon says , the key was re-reading Raymond Chandler , creator of L.A. detective Philip Marlowe and a distinctive tough-guy style , as well as the Russian-Jewish short story writer Isaac Babel , "  whose use of simile and metaphor strangely echoed Chandler , " he says . Babel also had a "  clear-eyed view of violence . ... There 's a kinship there between Chandler and Babel , and that 's what helped me kind-of forge the voice for this novel , " Chabon says . But , he adds , "  the whole novel is itself a simile . It 's setting up a series of semblances and mirrorings of the world we live in , so it seemed almost necessary , not just from a stylistic point of view but from a thematic point of view . " Chabon 's layered themes include reason 's conflict with religious extremism , an idea that comes to the fore as the novel progresses . Holding a mirror to our world is a common theme of alternate histories , and Chabon says he is fond of the type in general . The noted comic-book fan -- he co-wrote "  Spider-Man 2 " -- cites two favorites : the "  what-if " scenarios often proposed in the Superman comics , and an issue of National Lampoon that celebrated John F. Kennedy 's fifth inaugural with the cover line , "  JFK 's First 6,000 Days . " "  I read and re-read that a dozen times , " he says . "  It had an undertone of poignance . ... It was like a perpetual November 21 , 1963 . America never went through any of the turbulence of the '60s . ... It was the opposite of most counterfactual fiction , which tends to present the catastrophic -- what if the bad things happened . ... This was presenting an ` if only , ' not a ` what if . ' " Which is not to say "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " is presenting a better -- or worse -- future . There is a darkness in the book , Chabon observes . But there 's also the idea that millions of people were saved from the death camps . "  I 'm certainly not presenting the world of this novel as ` it would have been better this way . ' It 's a dark world , and the Jews of Sitka are on the brink of the abyss , " he says . "  But there is a certain ` if only ' quality . " "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " has earned mostly admiring reviews . " ` The Yiddish Policemen 's Union ' builds upon the achievement of ` Kavalier & Clay , ' " wrote the notoriously hard-to-please Michiko Kakutani in The New York Times . Reaction from the public has been positive and even put him on The New York Times ' hardcover bestseller list , a rarified place for any author . "  I feel like the book has been embraced , " says Chabon . Perhaps the only people concerned about the book 's subject matter are some Jews , who have asked Chabon if the book is n't , well , "  too Jewish . " "  It reminds me of when my first novel , ` The Mysteries of Pittsburgh , ' came out ... and everybody in Pittsburgh said , ` Are you crazy ? Why would you set a novel in Pittsburgh ? Who 's going to want to read a novel about Pittsburgh ? ' " he laughs . "  The reason we read fiction is know what it would be like to really be someone else . ... That kind of transport across time and place is the magic of fiction . " E-mail to a friend	"  Yiddish Policemen 's Union " posits Alaskan Jewish homeland Author Michael Chabon won Pulitzer for earlier novel New book inspired by thoughts of Yiddish , love of genres
Al-Ain , UAE  CNN  -- A British boy and his father are about to embark on the journey of a lifetime , traveling across the Middle East and Europe by land and sea after 11-year-old Joe Thompson suddenly developed a paralyzing fear of flying . Thompson , who had previously always loved flying , says he can not explain what came over him on July 1 at Abu Dhabi airport - an hour by car from his home in Al-Ain -- as his family prepared to relocate to the UK from the United Arab Emirates . "  Everything just went horrible for me , " says Joe , recalling that day . "  I just went into body lockdown . I kept on crying . I sat down and I could n't move . I just could n't do it . " Joe 's father has no idea what caused the incident . "  He 's been flying since he was three months old , " Tony Thompson tells CNN . "  We did n't expect it at all and really still do n't know what triggered it . "  My initial reaction was ` come on , just get on the plane , it 'll be fine , ' " says Tony , sitting in the small apartment he 's borrowing from friends who are out of town . "  But then I realized that no , it was far more serious than this . " The challenge has been finding an alternative travel option by land and sea that takes them across the Middle East , while avoiding deadly conflict areas . The flight from Abu Dhabi to London is eight hours long , crossing a distance of about 3,500 miles  5,600 km  , as the crow flies . The most direct land route would take the pair straight through some of the region 's most dangerous areas , including the Iraqi capital Baghdad , into war-torn Syria and straight through the embattled city of Aleppo to the Turkish border and on to Europe . "  Obviously that 's not an option , " says Tony . The maritime alternative is to sail around the Arabian Peninsula , braving the pirate-infested waters off the coast of Yemen then up through the Suez Canal past the Egyptian hot spot of Sinai where a military operation remains under way . But the option of a safer land route has emerged . After earlier being denied entry visas by the UAE 's Saudi Arabia embassy , the Saudi ambassador in London , Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf al Saud , intervened to help . The freshly-minted Saudi visas in their passports mean Tony and Joe can now take a bus through the Saudi and Jordanian capitals , a car to the Israeli port city of Haifa , then a boat to a European Mediterranean city . The trip is expected to take 12 to 15 days and has suffered multiple false starts as the Thompsons try to line up the logistics of visas , border crossings and travel time timetables in a part of the world where buses and ferries do n't tend to conform to strict schedules . It 's been more than six weeks since Joe was scheduled to fly home . With his new school in the UK scheduled to start on September 4 , time is not on their side . Yet Joe insists that flying is still not an option . "  It may be easy for you , but for me it 's the most terrifying thing in the world , " says Joe , who is currently spending his days playing computer games with friends and occasionally practicing rugby with his father in the scorching 48 degree Celsius August heat . Joe has tried flying home four times . Once , he made it as far as the flight cabin but panicked when the captain announced they were shutting the doors . "  So immediately I knew what I had to do , " says Joe who thinks he may be claustrophobic . "  I just got over the chairs , went around into the aisle and sprinted out -LSB- of the plane . -RSB- " His father says they have tried various treatments including hypnotherapy and psychiatric consults . He says the medical center at the airport even gave his son a sedative injection before the flight , but Joe was still so upset that the flight crew deemed him unfit to fly . "  It is a little frustrating , " says Tony who describes the whole ordeal as a roller coaster . "  At first it was all a bit of an adventure but now it 's become more of a burden . " Father and son both say they 're looking forward to the journey and reuniting with Joe 's mother and sister at home . It is a rare opportunity for a young boy to gain first-hand knowledge of the geography and geopolitics of a region that often leads the news headlines . On this occasion though , it seems Joe has himself become the headline .	Joe Thompson , 11 , struck by sudden fear of flying on journey from United Arab Emirates to UK Family moving home , Thompson due to start at new school in Britain in weeks Hypnotherapy , psychiatric consultations and sedation have failed to solve problem Youngster and his father now face lengthy overland and sea trip across Middle East , Europe
CNN  -- In a budget-cutting move , the Greek government closed , at least temporarily , state broadcaster ERT . Government spokesperson Simon Kedikoglou cited chronic corruption and mismanagement of funds as reasons for the closure . "  At a time when the Greek people are enduring sacrifices , there is no room for delay , hesitation or tolerance for sacred cows , " Kedikoglou said in announcement shown on the broadcaster . At least several of ERT 's three TV channels and radio services went off the air early Wednesday . Television viewers saw screens go black . ERT has said the decision means 2,656 employees will lose their jobs . In order to meet its commitments to its creditors , the Greek government has to dismiss 2,000 people from the wider public sector by the end of the year and 15,000 by the end of 2014 . The new television and radio broadcaster will open with a much smaller staff , Kedikoglou said . A "  modern television and radio broadcaster will be established that will operate as soon as possible , " he said . Existing employees will be able to apply for new positions . A time frame for the new organization has not been announced . Hundreds of employees gathered outside the ERT Athens headquarters to protest the move . Unions say they will fight the decision .	Greek government orders closure of state broadcaster ERT Spokesman cited chronic corruption and mismanagement of funds Several of ERT 's three TV channels and radios went off air Wednesday
CNN  -- Scientists have found the oldest fossilized footprints made by a four-legged creature , forcing a rethink on when fish first crawled out of water and onto land . The discovery of the footprints in a former quarry in the Holy Cross Mountains in southeastern Poland are thought to be 395 million years old -- 18 million years older than the earliest tetrapod  a vertebrate with limbs rather than fins  body fossils . The report published Thursday in the science journal Nature says the footprints of the tetrapod measure up to 26 centimeters  10 inches  wide , which scientists say is indicative of an animal around 2.5 meters  7.5 feet  in length . The footprints are also 10 million years older than the earliest known elpistostegids -- creatures which displayed some animal characteristics but retained fins . Philippe Janvier from the Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris , the reviewer of the paper , told CNN : "  It is a really stunning discovery because it 's the earliest evidence we have of tetrapods . These footprints are clear enough to attest that tetrapods were there 395 millions years ago . " The report 's authors say their findings "  force a radical reassessment of the timing , ecology and environmental setting of the fish-tetrapod transition , as well as the completeness of the body fossil record . " As well as finding fossilized footprints , Per Ahlberg , professor of evolutionary organismal biology at Uppsala University in Sweden , and his co-authors from the Polish Geological Institute in Warsaw also report finding several tracks of different sizes and characteristics . The tracks , they say , have distinctive "  hand " and "  foot " prints and no evidence of a dragging body . Ahlberg said in a video on the Nature Web site : "  The trackway shows pairs of prints -- the sort of tracks a salamander would leave if it walked . In order to make tracks like the ones found you need to have front legs and back legs that are about the same size . " Ahlberg said the disused quarry where the fossils were discovered has yielded some of the most exciting finds he has encountered in his career as a paleontologist . Although Janvier describes the lack of skeletal evidence as "  frustrating , " it does n't undermine the importance of the discovery . "  It changes what we thought about the evolutionary tree concerning the part dealing with transition from fish to land vertebrae . " Janvier said . "  The divergence between the tetrapods and their closest fish relatives is much younger than previously thought and it obliges us to find actual evidence -- skeletons or complete fossils -- in much earlier strata that could enlighten us between this divergence . "	Fossilized footprints of 395-million-year-old four-legged creature found in Poland Discovery pushes the evolutionary scale back by nearly 20 million years Compared in significance to discovery of the first miocene hominoids
CNN  -- Kevin James trained for 14 months to play a biology teacher who moonlights as a mixed martial arts fighter to raise money for his school in "  Here Comes the Boom . " James said training included working out three times a day , drinking greens , running and sparring . Yet , he was moving pretty slowly when he dropped by CNN last week . "  I threw my back out ... getting into a town car . That 'll show you the kind of shape I 'm in now . How far I 've let myself go , " the self-deprecating comic said . James co-wrote and co-produced the action comedy , which hits theaters on Friday . It 's already garnering positive feedback . Among his favorite early viewer reactions : "  God forgive me , I think I honestly liked this Kevin James movie . " Some people have the idea that "  Here Comes the Boom " is "  just going to be Paul Blart falling around a ring , being the fat guy , tripping over his own feet , " James said . "  But the UFC gave us their blessing to make this movie . ... I had to promise them I 'm going to make this thing as realistic as possible and it 's going to be something that they have n't seen in me before . " As several MMA sites have reported , this is the first film that 's actually been allowed to use the UFC brand name . So far it seems MMA fans like the way the sport is represented . Fight Network 's Sarah Davis wrote , "  I can appreciate all the cameos made by UFC personalities and fighters , whether they play themselves or not and there are a lot of fight scenes with superman punches , Kimura locks and body shots . " Since "  The King of Queens , " James has made a name for himself in the PG arena , headlining family films like "  Paul Blart : Mall Cop " and "  Zookeeper . " And then there are his PG-13 endeavors , which include ensemble comedies like "  Hitch , " "  I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry " and "  Grown Ups . " Despite some critical reviews , James ' flicks have consistently performed well at the box office . As Entertainment Weekly reported after "  Zookeeper 's " 2011 release , 41 % of moviegoers listed "  actor in a leading role " as their reason for seeing the flick about talking animals . James said he does n't feel the need to defend his recent films , and he wo n't apologize for playing "  the goofy guy falling down . " "  I love doing it , " he said . "  It cracks me up sometimes what people will say about ` Paul Blart , ' " the 2009 flick he co-wrote and starred in as a Segway-riding security guard at a New Jersey mall . "  This is for families and for kids . " "  Here Comes the Boom " is a very different kind of physical comedy , full of knockouts and arm bars . Everything that happens in the film is something that has happened during a real MMA fight , James said , noting , "  There was a ring that broke . A guy got thrown through the ring . There was a rain fight . These are all from real life . " James , who was a wrestler and a football player once upon a time , has been a fan of the UFC since watching the first fight in 1993 . He said it was his "  love of trying to be physical and trying to portray what these guys go through " that led him to the project . As for the other half of the story : "  I also have teachers that I remember from when I was going to school that have inspired me , " he said . "  I 've also had really crappy teachers , unfortunately , where they do n't really care that much and you think it 's a great time then because you 're in class ... but literally there is nothing for you later on down the road . I kind of just wanted to tie these two worlds together . " "  It 's tough , " he added , "  because you 're trying to blend a big comedy with inspiration , with heart and realistic fighting . ... There are a lot of ingredients in this one . " James hopes audiences will enjoy the idea of a "  common , everyday guy " fighting in the Octagon for a good cause . "  You can watch ` James Bond ' and enjoy it because it 's something that you would never do , " he said . "  I could never be James Bond . And then there are movies where you watch because you 're seeing yourself through the eyes of the character . And I think I 'm the latter . " Part of James ' appeal as the everyman is his size , which is occasionally written into his story lines , as fans of "  The King of Queens " already know . While he said he does n't mind the jokes , his mother is not a fan . "  If I do a movie where I have to have  a son  and it 's a chubby kid , my mother is always like , ` You were never like that . ' She gets so upset about it , " he said . It 's his own kids , who are 7 , 5 and 17 months , who have greatly influenced his professional decisions . "  I want to do movies that I 'm proud of where my kids , at some point , can see and I can feel comfortable sitting there watching it with them , " he said . "  And just that move people . That make people feel a little bit better about themselves when they leave the theater . " James will next appear in "  Little Boy " and "  Grown Ups 2 , " which is due out in July 2013 . He 's also gearing up to star alongside Kevin Hart in "  Valet Guys , " the comedy he co-wrote about two valet parking attendants who witness a murder .	James trained for 14 months to play a teacher/fighter in "  Here Comes the Boom " James co-wrote and co-produced the action comedy , which hits theaters on Friday Since "  The King of Queens , " James has headlined family-friendly films
CNN  -- Cold and shivering , Habiba Ahmed Abd Elaziz exchanged worried texts with her mother Wednesday morning as Egyptian security forces moved toward and blocked roads leading to a protest camp in Cairo . "  The crowds are massive and on high alert . Pray for us , mother . " "  I entrust you to God the Almighty , " her mother responded . "  I 'm heading to the platform in a little while . There are tanks there , " Elaziz replied . It was her last text . Elaziz , 26 , was one of the scores of people killed as security forces stormed Rabaa al-Adawiya camp filled with supporters of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy . It was not clear who fired the bullet during clashes between the two sides . The dramatic text exchange , published by The National , was confirmed to CNN by Elaziz 's younger sister , Arwa Ramadan . A staff reporter with the United Arab Emirates-based Xpress weekly newspaper , Elaziz was in her native Egypt in a personal capacity , having celebrated the Eid holiday . She was assisting the injured at the camp , according to Ramadan . Bloodiest day since revolution marks new ` beginning ' for Egypt Elaziz joined Xpress as an intern in September 2011 and later took a full-time position , according to Dubai-based Gulf News , a sister publication . "  It 's hard to believe she 's gone , " said Xpress deputy editor Mazha Farooqui . "  She was passionate about her work and had a promising career ahead . " Clashes turn square into bloody ` war zone ' Without knowing what had happened , Elaziz 's mother , who lives in Sharjah , an emirate in the United Arab Emirates , texted a prayer to her daughter and wrote a message of support for protesters in Egypt . "  God I entrust to you with my husband Ahmed and my daughter Habiba . May we not be bereaved over any of them . God empower them and support them and keep them steadfast at the moment of encounter today . " And then this text : "  Habiba , please reassure me . I 've called thousands of times . Please , my darling , I 'm worried sick . Tell me how you are . " The mother called Elaziz 's phone around noon . Someone picked up the phone and told her the young journalist was dead . Elaziz 's father was OK . The mother and three siblings were scheduled to arrive in Egypt late Wednesday . Cameraman killed in Cairo violence CNN 's Leone Lakhani reported from Abu Dhabi and Phil Gast wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Richard Greene also contributed .	Woman at protest camp in Cairo exchanges texts with mother Reporter is there on personal time , assisting injured She dies during a raid on pro-Morsy camp
CNN  By some estimates , about a third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine , including homeopathic remedies because they find Western medicine inadequate . Creams such as Arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as Sidda Flower Essences for male virility are part of a $ 2.9 billion business that has seen "  explosive growth , " according to the FDA . These drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs . But now your over-the-counter homeopathic remedies might soon face stricter scrutiny from the federal government . Products such as the homeopathic cold remedies Coldese and Zicam , among others , came under fire Monday from experts who testified at a Food and Drug Administration hearing Monday . The two-day "  listening session , " as the FDA calls it , is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help the FDA decide how it should regulate these products . Critics say the agency is not doing enough . An analysis of hundreds of published studies from the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia found that homeopathic medicine was no more effective than a placebo . There is no evidence that they actually work , the council claimed , and yet it is a multibillion dollar business . Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease . Homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that "  like cures like , " meaning if something causes a symptom in your body , if you take a diluted form , it will boost your body 's ability to fight it . Typically these remedies include a plant or a mineral in a tiny amount . Do homeopathic treatments for ADHD work ? People who represent the industry , such as Mark Land , a member of the American Association of Homeopathic Pharmacists , argue that the current FDA system is a good one and that the products available today are of high quality and label standards are enough . Critics argued otherwise . Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman testified that most people do n't entirely know what homeopathy is and "  may assume that these products are dietary supplements or are conventional drugs " since they are often sold on the same shelves as traditional drugs . This practice is "  innately misleading , " said Fugh-Berman , an associate professor in the department of pharmacology and physiology at Georgetown . Most consumers , she said , do n't know that the FDA does n't "  routinely review these products for identity , purity , potency , quality or stability prior to marketing . " Opinion : Alternative healing or quackery ? While many people believe the drugs are safe in large part because they are highly diluted , products such as Cold-Eeze , if taken according to the recommendations on the label , would be 10 times the recommended dietary allowance  RDA  of zinc for adult females and eight times the recommendation for males , according to Fugh-Berman . Too much zinc can have toxic effects . More than 130 people using another homeopathic medicine with zinc , Zicam , reported to the FDA that they lost their sense of smell . The FDA issued a warning to consumers about it in 2009 . There is a misconception that all homeopathic products are "  natural " according to the FDA "  and therefore safe . Unfortunately , FDA has become aware of significant safety issues associated with homeopathic products in recent years , " according to an email from the agency . Other issues include a 2010 FDA warning about Hyland 's Teething Tablets . They also recalled the tablets that had inconsistent amounts of belladonna . Larger doses of the substance can be toxic . In 2014 , the FDA warned consumers about Pleo Homeopathic drug products having penicillin or derivatives of penicillin . Another expert asking for stricter standards with homeopathic medicine , Janine Jagger with the Familial Mediterranean Fever Foundation , said that there should be stricter label standards that better explained what was actually in the homeopathic product . She believed there was a "  deceptive illusion of treatment " when people chose these homeopathic options over pharmaceuticals that have been proven to work . A third of Americans use alternative medicine A mother and editor of an alternative medicine magazine and website , Peggy O'Mara , testified that homeopathic medicine has helped her family over the years . As a writer and editor of health publications , she said she has seen a growing interest in this kind of medicine , and she believes it is is well-placed . She believes people have more trust that consumers do their research before purchasing the product , as she does . She wishes doctors were better versed in this kind of medicine and believes others want "  safe , effective and easily accessible " products that are "  nontoxic " alternatives to help people feel better . The public hearing will continue Tuesday . The FDA could make decisions about these labeling and regulation standards some time this year .	The FDA may take a more hands-on approach to regulating homeopathic medicine It does not go through the same approval process as over-the-counter drugs Some studies suggest homeopathic medicine is no more effective than placebos
Washington  CNN  -- The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. as Public Enemy No. 1 ? Well , 50 years ago , that was nearly true . As the nation celebrates the 50th anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington and the anniversary of King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech -- arguably one of the most important speeches of the 20th century -- few are also remembering that the historic civil rights leader was once under heavy surveillance by J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI . Hoover 's techniques were primitive but effective -- bugging hotel rooms , digging through trash cans for telltale receipts or paying close associates to reveal details . Back then , tapping someone 's phone without a warrant -- the 1960s version of high-tech electronic surveillance -- was seen as taboo , condemned today as one of the excesses of that era . Those were the bad old days when law enforcement exercised too much power , and everyday citizens had fewer rights . But now , after a series of revelations about the sweeping extent of the government 's electronic snooping capabilities , it 's a moment to ask whether government surveillance has somehow gone full circle . Opinion : Did we really learn the lesson of the March on Washington ? The modern-day FBI Last week I interviewed outgoing FBI Director Robert Mueller , who has the same job today that Hoover held with an iron fist in the 1960s . Muller said the nation 's approach to surveillance has changed from in the days when the government spied upon King . Today , said Mueller , things are different . "  I do think it 's tremendously important as we develop the capability to gather intelligence that we focus on the goals of collecting that intelligence and assure that the objective is one that is agreed upon by Justice Department , the Congress , administration and the like , " Mueller said . "  You can get out of a lane so to speak on intelligence because there are n't many guides as you have in the criminal justice system . " Mueller added that during his time as head of the FBI , investigations involving civil rights received high priority . The FBI website devotes dozens of pages to civil rights violations , hate crimes , human trafficking and modern slavery . They also investigate so-called color of law abuses -- acts carried out by government officials operating "  within and beyond the limits of their lawful authority " -- excessive use of force , sexual abuse , false arrest and fabrication of evidence . The bureau says 42 % of its total civil rights caseload for 2012 involved these types of investigations . Related : Our lessons with King Muller said cases such as these are part of the FBI 's "  smaller victories " in recent years that also included extensive work in other areas , including public corruption , white-collar crime and mortgage fraud . "  At bottom , for us , it 's the credibility of the institution and the focus on integrity that is at the heart of what we do . And to the extent that the American public believes that we are not political , that we are objective ... and treat everyone the same , it 's tremendously important . It goes back to the integrity of the institution and its individuals . " Under surveillance King had long been watched by law enforcement , including the FBI in the months and years before the speech . Surveillance of King in the 1960s was focused primarily on whether he and his movement were being infiltrated by communists , according to historians . But after King left Washington in August 1963 , the surveillance escalated as the bureau began to view him as the "  most dangerous Negro in America . " The stepped-up surveillance was authorized by the brother of the president , none other than the attorney general of the United States , Robert F. Kennedy , on October 10 , 1963 . The younger Kennedy feared King had ties to top members of the American Communist Party . Ironically , five years later , in 1968 , both King and Bobby Kennedy would be assassinated , just months apart . Humility and scandal The surveillance focused on King 's private life -- both the good and the bad . Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer David Garrow 's meticulous accounts of the day-to-day -- and sometimes minute-to-minute -- details of King 's life show him as being intensely self-critical . Related : Moving out of the dreamer 's shadow Garrow told CNN in 2008 that the secret tapes compiled by the FBI showed that King truly believed he was alive to be of service to others and "  not a man with any egomaniacal joy of being a famous person . " But the tapes also reveal another side of King . Private behavior that would surely attract tabloid headlines today -- including a secret meeting with a woman in Washington 's Willard Hotel after a party -- was highlighted in the recordings . King was married and had four children . Today , the rules -- and the standards -- have changed . Electronic snooping by the government has higher standards , more controls and a completely different justification than in the days of King . Where the enemy was once communism , it is now terrorism . Investigators focus less on the private lives of highly public individuals such as King , and more on the thousands of people whose private communications and activities could come under the watchful eyes of government interceptors . Related : Everyday racism : How bias still sneaks in Government officials say the modern surveillance programs involving telephone calls and Internet activity are carefully controlled by the courts , Congress and the White House . But we do n't know everything about these programs because they are by their very nature , secret . The power of today 's NSA Still , old habits die hard . The most recent revelations involving the National Security Agency show that the government can peer into intimate moments in the lives of everyday Americans . And it has happened before . In his 2008 book about the NSA , "  The Shadow Factory , " author James Bamford wrote about an NSA employee named Adrienne Kinne , who was quoted saying she made a personal decision to erase intimate communications that had been intercepted between Americans living abroad and in the United States . "  A lot of times I would just delete them . ... I would just do that because I did n't feel comfortable leaving it in the system and I did n't . ... A lot of times you could tell they were calling their families , waking them up in the middle of the night because of the time difference . And so they would be talking all quiet and soft , and their family member is like half asleep -- incredibly intimate , personal conversations -- and I just ca n't believe they were frigging recording them , and I do n't know why they would ever have to to begin with . " Fast-forward to this week . A story first reported by The Wall Street Journal asserted that NSA officers have on several occasions "  channeled their agency 's enormous eavesdropping power to spy on love interests . " So perhaps , if a guy like J. Edgar Hoover had access to a tool such as the NSA , it might have been hard for him to resist using it any way he saw proper . Even on a civil rights hero .	The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was the subject of FBI surveillance in the 1960s J. Edgar Hoover spearheaded investigation , with approval from Robert Kennedy Today 's FBI , said its director , operates under different rules and policies
New York  CNN  -- She may be out of Washington and on the road for the week , but the heavy machinery of office has followed Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to New York as she attends the annual United Nations General Assembly meetings . To be sure , the secretary always has a traveling staff with her wherever she may be in the world . But UNGA , with its hundreds of diplomats , ministers and heads of state converging on New York every September , is a much different animal from a trip to a world capitol . Basically , Foggy Bottom moves up to the Big Apple and sets up a mini-State Department on the 24th floor of the Waldorf Astoria . CNN was granted rare and exclusive access to this massive operation , one that involves hundreds of employees , planeloads full of equipment and a ton of coffee . As we exited the elevator on the 24th floor , it became clear this was indeed a secure work space , with numerous Diplomatic Security guards and several signs reminding staff not to discuss classified information in the hallways . It seemed as if U.S. foreign policy had n't skipped a beat despite being a few hundred miles removed from home base . With the beds in each room removed  though the head boards where still bolted to the wall  , the rooms have been transformed into working offices with secure telephone lines , computers , fax machines and all of the equipment needed to do the job of executing the nation 's diplomacy . As we were escorted down one of the halls , Capricia Penavic Marshall , the department 's chief of protocol , was working with her staff to prepare for what was already shaping up to be an marathon of a week . Marshall 's office is responsible for advising on matters of international diplomatic protocol , making sure the right atmosphere is created for conducting diplomacy . Even though Marshall was congratulating the staff for an earlier event that went off successfully , staff members have a long week ahead assuring there are no diplomatic glitches when President Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton meet with many of their counterparts . Helping manage protocol for more than 190 U.N. member states is a juggling act Marshall 's protocol team has to perfect every UNGA . Every regional office , such as the Bureau of African Affairs , the Bureau of East Asian Affairs , and the Bureau of Near East Affairs , which oversees the Middle East , had taken over a room or two and had staff busy working the phones trying to set up meetings for Clinton while she is in town . Benjamin Sand with International Organization Affairs -- the bureau responsible for managing the U.S. relationship with United Nations and all other international organizations -- said the pressure of managing the week 's itinerary was more like "  finals week " in college , except that it would be the entire world grading his office 's performance as opposed to a lone professor . Despite the enormity of the task at hand , some of his staff was already at work preparing for next year 's UNGA . Tuli Mushing set up Clinton 's executive office at the Waldorf . He said brought "  a lot " of people up from Washington to make sure the secretary had everything at her disposal to operate effectively . Special Agent T.J. Lunardi of the Diplomatic Security Service has an office set up to oversee the security for Clinton as she travels around New York for her meetings , as well as the security for all other non-head of state dignitaries . Lunardi says he has to create "  a protective bubble " so the State Department can move into a hotel building where employees can handle and discuss sensitive information the department needs in order to function . Lunardi 's work also extends to the 34th floor of the Waldorf , the floor where Obama and Clinton will hold bilateral meetings with their counterparts this week . A separate staff works on the 34th floor , preparing the room where Clinton would be meeting with the Japanese and Russian foreign ministers , and the pool of reporters who would shuffle in to ask questions and take pictures of the two shaking hands . Linda Dewan works on 34th floor setting up the "  bi-lat " room . Each has what looks like an ordinary conference table dressed up with flowers , but Linda explains how every name card , glass of water and pencil is placed just so , according to diplomatic procedure established under former Secretary of State James Baker . Back on 24 , the General Services Office is busy preparing briefing books of information for Clinton to cover the subject of every meeting on her daily schedule . George Rowland , a senior support specialist in the office , said he expected to go through 40 to 50 cases of paper this week to prepare the books . Many of the rooms had the large brown "  burn bags " -- the final destination for much of that paper -- in which the shredded remains of sensitive documents are placed before they are burned . Down the hall in room 24M , members of the press are getting ready for Clinton 's "  photo-op " with the Japanese foreign minister . Bomb dogs are sniffing cameras and Gladys Boggs is rounding up the journalists and cameramen . Boggs has been running these photo ops for decades . It 's not just shuffling the press into a room : Boggs spends months advancing the site , making sure the media gets a good shot to illustrate the diplomacy secretaries of state are conducting . Matt Lee , a veteran State Department reporter , says UNGA week is always a big hassle because of the famous New York City traffic , but it 's a good opportunity to see lots of sources and get a better sense of the full diplomatic picture . Lee is well-known for his tough questions , but he says he would n't be doing his job if he did n't push the State Department to explain how all the meetings here at UNGA translate in to U.S. foreign policy . As we take the freight elevator up to the 34th floor and wait in a elevator vestibule , reporters are discussing what question to toss out to Clinton . Along with Cami McCormack from CBS , we ask Clinton about her hopes to avert a showdown with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at the U.N. Security Council over the Palestinian statehood issue . Usually Clinton does n't speak at the photo-ops , but she had a message to deliver : The United States does n't think action at the United Nations will lead to a peace deal and she hopes to find a compromise before Abbas ' speech on Friday . It 's not breaking news , but reporters fly back down to 24M file the comments for their outlets . As Obama and Clinton continue a whirlwind schedule of meetings and dinners , the frenetic pace of work will continue on the 24th floor of the Waldorf . When Clinton leaves the secure lines will be removed and the sensitive documents destroyed , and a new set of guests will take their place . Until next year .	U.N. General Assembly week brings the world to New York City The Waldorf Astoria hosts the huge State Department contingent It 's no easy process setting up the meetings that will take place Reams of paper go into producing documents , many of which are later burned
Washington  CNN  -- The mood among American conservatives is now one of apocalyptic despair . Having convinced themselves that this election arrayed freedom against tyranny , they now must wonder : Did their country just democratically vote in favor of tyranny ? On Fox News election night , Bill O'Reilly explained the meaning of the election : The "  white establishment " was now outnumbered by minorities . "  The demographics are changing . It 's not a traditional America anymore . " And these untraditional Americans "  want stuff . They want things . And who is going to give them things ? President Obama . He knows it , and he ran on it . " O'Reilly 's analysis is echoed across the conservative blogosphere . The  non-white  takers now outnumber the  white  makers . They will use their majority to pillage the makers and redistribute to the takers . In the process , they will destroy the sources of the country 's wealth and end the American experiment forever . You 'll hear O'Reilly 's view echoed wherever conservatives express themselves . Happily , the view is wrong , and in every respect . America is not a society divided between "  makers " and "  takers . " Instead , almost all of us proceed through a life cycle where we sometimes make and sometimes take as we pass from schooling to employment to retirement . Opinion : Election a call for purple politics The line between "  making " and "  taking " is not a racial line . The biggest government program we have , Medicare , benefits a population that is 85 % white . President Barack Obama was not re-elected by people who want to "  take . " The president was re-elected by people who want to work -- and who were convinced , rightly or wrongly , that the president 's policies were more likely to create work than were the policies advocated by my party . The United States did not vote for socialism . It could not do so , because neither party offers socialism . Both parties champion a free enterprise economy cushioned by a certain amount of social insurance . The Democrats  mostly  want more social insurance ; the Republicans want less . National politics is a contest to move the line of scrimmage , in a game where there 's no such thing as a forward pass , only a straight charge ahead at the defensive line . To gain three yards is a big play . Whatever you think of the Obama record , it 's worth keeping in mind that by any measure , free enterprise has been winning the game for a long , long time to this point . Compare the United States of 2012 with the United States of 1962 . Leave aside the obvious points about segregation and discrimination , and look only at the economy . In 1962 , the government regulated the price and route of every airplane , every freight train , every truck and every merchant ship in the United States . The government regulated the price of natural gas . It regulated the interest on every checking account and the commission on every purchase or sale of stock . Owning a gold bar was a serious crime that could be prosecuted under the Trading with the Enemy Act . The top rate of income tax was 91 % . Opinion : How progress is possible in second term It was illegal to own a telephone . Phones had to be rented from the giant government-regulated monopoly that controlled all telecommunications in the United States . All young men were subject to the military draft and could escape only if they entered a government-approved graduate course of study . The great concern of students of American society -- of liberals such as David Riesman , of conservatives such as Russell Kirk and of radicals such as Dwight Macdonald -- was the country 's stultifying , crushing conformity . Even if you look only at the experiences of white heterosexual men , the United States of 2012 is a freer country in almost every way than the United States of 1962 . Obama has changes in mind that conservatives and Republicans will oppose . He will want to raise taxes ; he will want to sustain social spending at a permanently higher level ; he has in mind new regulations over health care , energy production and banking . He 'll win some ; he 'll lose some . To the extent that his wins prove injurious , future Republican Congresses and administrations will struggle to undo them . That 's politics : a contest that never ends and in which the only certainty is the certainty of constant change . The Republican challenge next is to reassemble a new coalition for limited government and private enterprise . That coalition must include Americans of all ethnicities . To assume from the start that only certain ethnicities will contribute , and that others aspire only to grab , is not only ugly prejudice ; it is also self-destructive delusion . Opinion : Vote over , but election dysfunction remains People of all backgrounds want to create , save and contribute to society . A party of the center-right should make them all feel at home , regardless of how they pronounce their last name , the complexion of their skin or the way in which they express love and build family . The Roman Catholic Church deems despair a mortal sin . To abandon hope is to reject the reality of goodness and to forswear future action . The United States is a great and good country , and it remains great and good even when we do not get all our own way politically . The United States is a tolerant and free country , which means that there are no "  tipping points " beyond which it becomes impossible to correct mistakes . Fifty years ago , Marxism was still a live intellectual force in British universities . Marxists taught that human society must inevitably evolve into a socialist dictatorship of the proletariat . The great British conservative historian Hugh Trevor-Roper scoffed at this arrogance . He said , "  When radicals scream that victory is indubitably theirs , sensible conservatives knock them on the nose . It is only very feeble conservatives who take such words as true and run round crying for the last sacraments . " We need more sensible conservatives . As for the feeble conservatives , they should take a couple of aspirin and then stay quietly indoors until the temper has subsided and they are ready to say and do something useful again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says conservatives are brooding over the loss of the election He says some see it as the whites being outnumbered by minorities who want handouts Frum : Obama was not re-elected by people who wanted to take but by those who want to work Both parties favor social programs to varying degrees , he says , but socialism not in offing
CNN  -- The body of a missing pregnant wife of a Marine based in California was found over the weekend and her former neighbor was arrested in connection with her death , police in San Bernardino County said . Erin Corwin , 19 and three months pregnant , had been missing since June 28 after she said she was going to Joshua Tree National Park to scout trails . On Saturday , searchers found her body about 140 feet down a mine shaft but were n't able to recover and identify it until the next day , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said . An autopsy determined Corwin had been killed , the sheriff 's department said , without elaborating how she died . On Sunday night , authorities in Anchorage , Alaska , arrested Christopher Lee , who police say had been having an affair with Corwin . CNN affiliate KTLA , citing District Attorney Michael Ramos , reported that charges against Lee will be decided in the next two days . KTLA also reported that it may take four to five weeks before he can be returned to California . The station said Corwin 's husband , Cpl. Jonathan Corwin , has n't spoken publicly about the case . Suspect from the beginning Corwin did n't go to Joshua Tree National Park on the day she disappeared , police said in a statement of probable cause written in July . Instead her car was found a few miles from where she lived next door to Lee and his wife , Nicole . Detectives found footprints next to Corwin 's abandoned car that led to tire tracks . Investigators said those tire tracks were the same width and same width apart as the tires on Lee 's Jeep . According to the court document , several people , including a friend of Erin Corwin 's in Tennessee , told investigators that Corwin and Lee were having an affair . He admitted to kissing her but told detectives the two had never had sexual intercourse . Lee also told police that on the day Corwin disappeared he had gone hunting . San Bernardino County deputies arrested Lee on July 4 for a felony not related to Corwin 's disappearance : possession of a destructive device . KTLA said he posted bail two days later . The search More than 100 mine shafts were searched before the sheriff 's team found Corwin 's body . Authorities used cell phone information to narrow the search area to 300 square miles . The area included remote land belonging to the federal government 's Bureau of Land Management . On Saturday , searchers went to the Brooklyn , Los Angeles and Rose of Peru mines . KTLA described the area as remote and off a dirt road accessible by four-wheel drive vehicles . Searchers located Corwin by using a camera , the sheriff 's department said . Because the body was so far from the surface and the air in the mine was poor , it took another day to get to the body and bring it to the surface .	Former neighbor is arrested in connection with her death , which has been ruled a homicide Erin Corwin went missing June 28 , same day neighbor says he was out hunting Neighbor was arrested a week later , but in connection with another alleged crime Corwin was three months pregnant , authorities say
CNN  -- Serena Williams will get the chance to avenge her worst defeat in 16 years on Sunday when she goes head to head with Simona Halep in the WTA Finals finale in Singapore . The world No. 1 was humbled by the Romanian 6-0 6-2 in the group stages of the tournament earlier in the week , but following Williams ' semifinal victory over Caroline Wozniacki and Halep 's over Agnieszka Radwanska , the pair are set to do battle once more . Few would bet against Williams clinching a third successive title and her fifth overall at the season-ending finals , but Halep will be the fresher of the two women after dispatching her Polish opponent 6-2 6-2 . Williams had to come from a set down to beat Wozniacki in what proved to be a thrilling semifinal on Saturday . An enthralling match saw the Dane take the first set with ease , 6-2 , before Williams rallied to take the second 6-3 to force the match into a decider . Wozniacki had only beaten Williams once in their 10 previous meetings , but looked as though she might double her winning tally as the third set headed towards its climax . A break of serve for Wozniacki in the ninth game gave her the opportunity to serve out the match , but Williams , ever the fighter , broke back immediately to level at 5-5 . Two games later it was Wozniacki who was staring down the barrel as Williams earned a match point on the Dane 's serve , but the world No. 8 bravely resisted to take the match into a tiebreak . With a match point saved , Wozniacki then raced to a 4-1 lead in the tiebreak before Williams bounced back with five unanswered points . Wozniacki saved a further two match points , before Williams finally clinched the tiebreak 8-6 in a marathon deciding set lasting 76 minutes . "  I have to say Caroline played a great match , " Williams said afterwards . "  It was really difficult today . I felt really bad because she 's so amazing and so nice , and she was the only player who had n't lost in this tournament yet , so she really deserved to win . I love you - thank you for playing so well . " The 33-year-old 's 2-6 6-3 7-6  8/6  win was in stark contrast to Halep 's -- this year 's French Open finalist needed just over an hour to breeze past Radwanska in straight sets . Victory sees Halep reach the final in her first appearance at the WTA Finals , but the world No. 4 played the percentages when asked if she thought she was favorite to beat Williams again . "  She 's older than me and she knows how to manage this final tomorrow , " Halep said . "  For me it 's first time . But still , I believe that I have a chance . " Murray reaches Valencia Open final Andy Murray sealed a 17th win in 19 matches to book a place in the final of the Valencia Open . The Scot , who is chasing down a spot in the season-ending ATP Tour Finals , beat home favorite David Ferrer in Saturday 's semi 6-4 7-5 . Murray will face Tommy Robredo on Sunday after the Spaniard completed a narrow 7-6  9/7  7-6  7/2  victory over France 's Jeremy Chardy . Meanwhile in Switzerland , Roger Federer reached his 11th Swiss Indoors Basel final with a three-set -- 7-6  10/8  3-6 6-3 -- win over Croatia 's Ivo Karlovic . The 17-time grand slam champion will face David Goffin in the final after the Belgian beat another Croat Borna Coric 6-4 3-6 6-3 in the other semifinal . Seventeen-year-old Coric had knocked out Rafael Nadal on Friday . The defeat turned out to be the last action of the year for the Spaniard who announced he will undergo appendix surgery at the beginning of next month . "  As you know , I wo n't be playing in Paris or London . I 'm having an operation for appendicitis on November 3rd . Thanks for you support , " he tweeted . Nadal , who was playing for the first time since being diagnosed with appendicitis at the Shanghai Masters earlier this month , was clearly still out of sorts and will miss the Paris Masters and the lucrative season-ending finale in London for the second time in three seasons . The 28-year-old 's withdrawal from the event , which starts on November 9 , means there are four places still up for grabs -- Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer , Stanislas Wawrinka and Marin Cilic have already qualified for the eight-man tournament . Read more : Serena angry over Russia chief 's remarks Read more : Who will triumph in Singapore ?	Serena Williams battles past Caroline Wozniacki in WTA Finals semi Simona Halep beats Agnieszka Radwanska in other semi Romanian humbled the world No. 1 in group stages earlier in the week Williams looking to clinch a fifth WTA Finals title ; Halep reaches final in first appearance
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Now that the company has a phone , Sony can finally answer opportunity 's calls . The Japanese tech company 's latest revival efforts are partly hinged on selling customers every type of gadget , all seamlessly integrated . But without a cellular phone division to call its own until recently , Sony was missing the one electronics product that people tend to carry with them most often . Now , a newly acquired division called Sony Mobile Communications is tasked with building smartphones that align with its parent company 's strategies and plays well with other types of Sony gadgets . Phones are not only central to how people stay connected . They can also link disparate devices together , by synchronizing over the Internet or acting as a remote control . Sony 's Music Unlimited and Video Unlimited services , which offer streaming music and video downloads , are expected to find their way into every Internet-connected gizmo Sony makes , executives said . The PlayStation Network will let users play the same games on their phones and tablets , they said . All of these services will be part of Sony Network , and users will only need to remember one login name and password . Sony Mobile developers are working on a feature that will let people flick a video on their Sony phone 's screen to be played instantly on a Sony television set , Sony Mobile head Bert Nordberg said in an interview . This ability is already built into Sony 's Tablet S , which , like Sony 's phones , runs Google 's Android operating system . ` The same elements ' as Apple Sony engineers companywide will be required to work with the new Integrated UX Group , Kazuo Hirai , Sony 's executive deputy president , said at a meeting with reporters last week .  UX is an abbreviation for "  user experience , " meaning how people interact with the products . Sony Mobile contributed some engineers to the group , Nordberg said . "  I think this is crucial , " he said of the integration group . The new committee appears to strive for the way Apple runs its businesses . It 's not unusual for Apple engineers to work on phone software and then shift to the tablet and then to the Mac . Steve Jobs , the late Apple co-founder , described his company as the world 's largest start-up . "  We have the same elements that Steve  Jobs  was talking about , " Sony CEO Howard Stringer said at the meeting with Hirai and reporters last week . "  We have far more products than anyone else . " The new Sony initiative that prompted the company to purchase a phone manufacturer is called "  the four-screen strategy . "  Sony also has a "  lens to the living room " strategy , which describes its offerings of video production and consumption tools . Sony apparently likes for its corporate policies to have cute names . The four pillars of Sony 's attack plan are computers , tablets , televisions and phones . Sony has had the first three . The Japanese company entered the tablet market in September , around the time when many other electronics piled in with hopes to challenge Apple 's iPad . The decline of Sony Ericsson Sony 's status in phones was complicated . It had a joint venture with Ericsson that had been slowly sinking since the iPhone launched in 2007 and reconfigured the concept of a smartphone . Last year , Sony Ericsson was finally able to build some buzz , especially in the United States , where its market share is practically nonexistent . The Xperia Play was the first PlayStation phone , which had a slide-out controller and let players download classic console games . The Xperia Play did n't turn out to have the impact it promised , and it was n't a huge hit , despite being available on the two largest U.S. carriers , Verizon Wireless and AT&T . When asked about Sony Ericsson last week , Steve Elfman , Sprint network operations president , said , "  I would n't consider them a major hardware company . " The key opportunity for Sony was when the mobile venture posted yet another dismal financial quarter in October , and Ericsson was finally ready to sell . Less than two weeks later , Sony announced that it was purchasing Ericsson 's share in the company . Sony Ericsson is not the only cell phone manufacturer to get scooped up by a technology giant last year . Google announced plans to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion in August . But it was unusual for an electronics Goliath such as Sony not to be fully invested in the mobile industry . And it was perhaps unrealistic for Sony Ericsson to try to float at arm 's length from its parents . Without being a part of a larger entity , the joint venture had little hope , said Nordberg , the Sony Mobile head . "  My view since I joined 21/2 years ago is that it 's always been a Sony company , " Nordberg said . "  It 's very hard , I think , to survive as a mobile hardware-only company . " ` U.S.-first strategy ' After the adoption , Sony Mobile is focusing its efforts on the United States . In other words , it has instituted a "  U.S.-first strategy , " Nordberg said . "  The U.S. has taken back the lead in the mobile industry , " he said , citing deployment of fourth-generation network technology . "  It 's the first LTE country . " Sony announced last week at the International Consumer Electronics Show that the Xperia Ion will debut first in the United States . AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega showed the product at his news conference . Relations between the carrier and Sony have improved greatly , AT&T executive Glenn Lurie said in an interview . "  They 're making it easier to do business with Sony , " Lurie said . However , AT&T spent more time at the CES event talking about competitors ' phones , and de la Vega practically hugged Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , who was there to promote Windows phones . The Xperia Ion will be Sony 's flagship phone for the time being , but it is still a Sony Ericsson product , Nordberg said , even though it does n't have Ericsson 's name on it . The first true Sony phone is expected to debut later this year , he said . "  Next year , I 'll be up there hugging Ralph , " Nordberg said with a laugh .	Sony bought Ericsson 's stake in their joint venture last year Sony plans to integrate phones into its "  four-screen strategy " All Sony devices are expected to work seamlessly together
CNN  -- Seiji Ozawa is Asia 's most successful conductor , a maestro in a quintessentially Western art form , and a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan . But the affable 74-year-old is used to crossing cultural boundaries . Born in Manchuria during the Japanese occupation - his father a Buddhist , his mother a Presbyterian - he was raised in Tokyo , and greatly influenced by western culture and a Christian upbringing . His love of music was first explored through the church , but later he studied at the Toho School of Music in Tokyo . A career as a pianist was curtailed when the 16-year-old sports-loving Ozawa broke two fingers during a rugby match . From Toho he traveled to Europe and New York to further his studies . It was a steep learning curve where he learnt how to deal first-hand with other cultures and prejudices . "  I have many problem , beginning . Um ... maybe now , I do n't know , but beginning especially . It was difficult . Some people ask me , ` You came from China , you came from Japan , do you really understand Bach or do you really understand Mozart ? ' " he told CNN . After years abroad , his return to Japan in 1962 to conduct the NHK Symphony Orchestra for six months was far from a happy homecoming ; the orchestra rebelled and refused to play for him . "  I made mistake , and I think it was too soon -LSB- for me -RSB- to take a professional orchestra for six months and at the end I think they had enough . "  I think I was a little bit stuck up ... I mean , I was conducting the best orchestra in Japan already I 'm still 26 or 27 . Very young . And I think I 'm sure during rehearsal I say something not so nice . And in Japan very bad if conductor say something not so nice . But I learned , so I become more careful and I think I started more studying , so not make mistake . "  But in a way , it may sound very strange , but really it did me good that boycott . " It meant Ozawa explored opportunities outside of Japan , directing festivals and orchestras across Europe , Canada and the U.S. . He became musical director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra a post he held for 29 years until 2004 . He left Boston for Vienna to embrace a new challenge with the State Opera . As well as the challenge of a new city and repertory , Ozawa believes it was a move that rounded out his musical education , even if he was 68-years-old at the time . When a young conductor his interest in opera had been fostered by his early tutor Herbert von Karajan . "  He said if you do n't study this , one half of Mozart you 'll never touch and almost 99 percent of Wagner , almost 100 percent of Puccini and Verdi , you know , half of Mozart is gone . " While Ozawa will step down from his position at the Vienna State Opera next summer , he will remain active in directing , conducting and educating the next generation in classical music . "  I have big hope all Asiatic people and countries ... everybody love music basically , " he said . "  Teaching has become , I think , more and more important my life , really . "	Seiji Ozawa was musical director of Boston Symphony Orchestra for 29 years Successful career has seen Ozawa conduct some of world 's greatest orchestras Had to deal with prejudice and expectation as Asian in Western dominated art form
CNN  Turns out , talking to strangers is not so bad after all . At least for a North Carolina teen , who went to Target to look for a clip-on tie for a job interview . Instead , he became the subject of a touching moment and a viral photo . Audrey Mark told CNN affiliate WTVD she was shopping at a store in Raleigh on Wednesday when she noticed something unusual . "  I see this young teen being hovered over by this Target employee , " Mark said . Curious , she got closer to see what was going on . The employee was not just tying the teen 's tie , he was imparting some wisdom as well . "  I hear him peppering him with all this advice on interview skills and handshakes , " she told the affiliate . Employee Cathy Scott said the teen walked into the store looking for a tie . "  I asked him if he needed help , and he told me he needed clip-on ties , " Scott told the affiliate . "  We did n't have any . " She turned to her co-worker , Dennis Roberts , and asked him if he knew how to tie a regular tie . He said yes , so the teen bought one and handed it to Roberts . But Scott and Roberts went a step further and prepared the teen for his interview . "  We said , ` Make sure you look him in the eye . ' I 'm saying , ` Make sure you give him a firm handshake , ' and she showed him ... he tucked his shirt in , " Roberts said . Mark snapped away . "  It was a very quiet , simple moment , but it was very profound , " she told the affiliate . "  He leaves and all these Target employees are screaming ` Bye ! Good luck ! Tell us how it went . ' I got so emotional . I got teary . " But it did n't just end there . A day later , a Target team went to a nearby Chick-fil-A , where the teen interviewed , according to the affiliate . Though they did n't know his identity , they shared their experience with the restaurant 's manager . The teen appears to have had a good initial interview at the restaurant . He 's 15 and "  definitely left a memorable impression , " said David Langston , operator of the Chick-fil-A . "  We have a three-part interview process , and we are inviting him back to have his second interview , " Langston said . "  He 's a really nice kid . We hope to talk to him today  Friday  , but we have to wait until he gets out of school and check his availability to set up the second interview . " CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Chick-fil-A operator says the teen "  left a memorable impression " in his initial interview Audrey Mark was shopping at a Target in Raleigh , North Carolina , when she noticed something unusual Employees were tying a customer 's tie and preparing him for a job interview
It started with a chance conversation between a doctor and a nurse several years ago . But that brief encounter may end up exposing what could be one of the largest Medicare frauds in U.S. history . Dr. Alon Vainer , a medical director at dialysis clinics in Georgia , was discussing clinic procedures with one of the nurses , Daniel Barbir . The two men say they saw something they believed was very wrong : expensive medicine , and lots of it , was being tossed in the trash . And the clinic workers were being told to do it , the two men say . "  When we sat down and started talking about it and getting into details , we actually realized exactly what was going on , " Vainer said . The alleged waste was being carried out on a massive scale and , the nurse and the doctor said , they knew why almost immediately . They claim it was a way for their company , DaVita Inc. , to defraud the government , overbill Medicare and Medicaid and make a fortune . "  We 're talking in the hundreds of millions , easily , " Vainer said . "  The profit this company raked from those two schemes , only from those two drugs , was hundreds of millions of dollars . " The allegations of massive fraud have implications for all Americans . The alleged fraud would have involved Medicare and Medicaid patients , whose medicine is paid for by U.S. taxpayers . Vainer and Barbir said the alleged fraud schemes they discovered were going on at the company 's clinics all across the country -- at the time , about 2003 through 2010 , more than 1,800 -- with tens of thousands of patients . It was enormous , they claim , and Vanier said it was all a deliberate strategy coordinated by the company . "  It was just a scheme in order to fraudulently increase and maximize and boost the Medicare revenue , Medicare payment , so therefore fraudulently increase their revenue , " he said . DaVita Inc. , based in downtown Denver , is one of the nation 's largest dialysis companies . The name means "  Giving Life " in Italian . The company just moved into a brand new $ 101 million office tower , complete with fountains , gardens and even a suspended ski gondola inside for private meetings . DaVita has grown in the past couple of years and now runs roughly 2,000 dialysis clinics across the country , which has added up to a $ 7 billion business . The dialysis empire is run by CEO Kent Thiry , who dresses like one of the Three Musketeers , has adopted a company slogan of ` One for all and all for one ' and in company staff meetings leads his employees , who he calls villagers , in cheers of "  DaVita ! " Thiry is reportedly paid an estimated $ 15 million a year , according to the Wall Street Journal , which has called him the best compensated CEO in Colorado . Most of DaVita 's revenue comes from a single source : taxpayers . More than two-thirds of DaVita 's revenue comes from Medicare and Medicaid payments . If Vainer and Barbir 's allegations are true , the company threw away hundreds of millions of dollars of medicine , and taxpayers paid for it . And , if true , the alleged fraud schemes could represent one of the largest Medicare frauds in U.S. history . Vanier explained to CNN how DaVita instructed its nurses to administer a 100-milligram dose of the iron drug Venofor . "  For example , if a patient requires this dose once per week , you 'd administer 100 milligrams , waste nothing and charge Medicare for 100 milligrams , " he said . "  But what DaVita did , instead of charge  for  one vial , they give 50 milligrams of this vial  and  put the residual into the trash . " he said . With another vial , he said , the company would give 25 milligrams to a patient and put the rest in the trash , then repeat it with yet another vial , when one vial could have been given without waste . The more vials DaVita used , the more the company was able to bill the government , the men say . Vainer and Barbir claim they tried to call attention to the massive waste and tried to get it stopped . But instead , they say , they were basically told to stop causing trouble and to continue following the company 's protocols . "  That 's what upset me the most , " Barbir said . "  and that 's when I went to Dr. Vainer . I said , ` Dr. Vainer , I ca n't do that . ' " Barbir says he quit his job and left the clinic rather than continue where fraud was going on . Vainer claims the company punished him for speaking up . "  Of course , once they found out , they did not renew my medical directorship or my practice , " Vainer claimed . "  We are a three-physician practice , and it was a significant loss of revenue . " Today , both men have filed a whistleblower lawsuit under the U.S. False Claims Act on behalf of the U.S. government , charging DaVita with massive Medicare fraud . They stand to make millions if DaVita is found guilty . DaVita 's CEO would n't talk , but the company 's attorney Kim Rivera did . When asked about the plaintiffs ' allegation that DaVita had come up with so-called schemes to throw away drugs and maximize profits , Rivera said : "  Well that 's just wrong . If you look at the facts of the case , first of all , the doctors make the dosing decisions ... . When you look at what the practices were -- decisions being made by doctors , based on what was in the best interest of their patients . And they took into account a variety of things . "  You ca n't just look at one issue . You have to look at things like infection control , what the patient 's going to do , how the patient 's going to do with particular doses . And so , during that entire time what we did , what the doctors did , was appropriate . " But other companies , including DaVita 's main competitor , used smaller vials and smaller combinations at times , limiting what was thrown away . DaVita reiterated its decisions to throw away medicine were for "  sound clinical reasons " and "  never to increase wastage . " Plaintiffs ' attorneys Lin Wood and Marlan Wilbanks , who claim DaVita made as much as $ 800 million over-billing the government , say that DaVita 's defense wo n't hold up in court . "  It 's not just the taxpayers that are the victims here , it 's the health care system , " Wood said . "  It does n't take a graduate degree to understand what 's going on here , " Wilbanks said . "  This is just dishonesty . " DaVita denies that and vows to fight the case in court . But earlier this year , while denying it did anything wrong , DaVita settled a similar case in Texas for $ 55 million . Pat Burns , with the watchdog group "  Taxpayers Against Fraud , " says the bigger problem is that even if a company gets caught cheating the government , the company executives never seem to face any punishment . Fines are paid and business continues as usual . "  The way it 's set up right now , if the fraud is not caught , then taxpayers foot the bill , Burns said . "  If the fraud is caught , stockholders foot the bill . " Burns and others have been arguing for much harsher treatment when companies are found guilty of defrauding the federal government . He points to record billion-dollar fines , particularly in the pharmaceutical business , that are paid , but executives do n't get punished and the companies continue to do business with the government . In fact , one of DaVita 's defenses to CNN is that the federal government itself declined to charge the company with wrongdoing , even after reviewing the fraud allegations . "  The government has come in and thoroughly investigated what the allegations are , and in both cases the government decided to drop it and move on , " Rivera said . Federal prosecutors in Georgia declined to intervene in the case but stated in a letter that decision "  should not be construed as a statement about the merits of the case . " The short-staffed U.S. Department of Justice declines to join lawsuits all the time , instead allowing private citizens who hire private lawyers to essentially prosecute for the government , Burns said . "  The U.S. Department of Justice simply does n't have the people , " Burns said . "  It should have the people . I think we all would agree to that . It simply does n't . " Which brings us back to the original meeting of one doctor and one nurse who now stand to make millions if these allegations of fraud are proven true . The biggest winners , though , in their lawsuit could be taxpayers . The U.S. government will recover the bulk of whatever they win . They and others like them are essentially the U.S. taxpayers ' deputies in the fight against health care fraud . Asked if they are surprised that they have to defend the U.S. taxpayer , Barbir said simply , "  I 'm not surprised . It 's not easy to come forward and stand up and tell the truth , but it 's the right thing to do . " The case is set for trial later next year .	A doctor and nurse have filed a whistleblower suit against DaVita Dialysis The two claim the company was over-billing Medicare and Medicaid They say the company was wasting medication and throwing it away The company denies the claims , saying decisions were made in patients ' best interests
The barrage of threats from North Korea has sparked talk from within South Korea of the need to develop its own nuclear weapons . A recent poll shows that two-thirds of South Korean citizens surveyed support the idea , especially in the wake of North Korea 's third nuclear test in February . "  We , the Korean people , have been duped by North Korea for the last 20 to 30 years and it is now time for South Koreans to face the reality and do something that we need to do , " said Chung Mong-joon , a lawmaker in the governing Saenuri  New Frontier  Party and a former presidential conservative candiate . "  The nuclear deterrence can be the only answer . We have to have nuclear capability . " The talk of South Korea arming with its own nuclear weapon used to be taboo in the country -- and there 's no apparent official government move to do so . But the tensions between the two Korean nations have amplified over the weeks , becoming reminiscent of the Cold War . U.S. lawmaker questions North Korean leader 's ` stability ' Earlier this month , South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok responded to North Korea 's threat to attack the South with a pre-emptive nuclear strike saying : "  If North Korea is to attack the South with its nuclear weapons ... Kim Jong Un 's regime will cease to exist on the face of Earth . " After North Korea conducted its third nuclear test last month , the South unveiled a cruise missile , which it claims to be so precise that it can target "  a specific window of a North Korean military commander 's office . " Some commentators in South Korean media have been calling for a nuclear weapons option , claiming that the country has the technology and economy to develop them in a short period of time . And public opinion is following in line . According to a February poll conducted by South Korea 's private think tank , Asan Institute , 66 % of South Koreans said they support developing a nuclear weapons program . The poll suggests that just under half of South Koreans in 2012 believed that the United States would provide South Korea with what 's known as the "  nuclear umbrella " in the case of a North Korean nuclear attack , indicating a 7 % decrease from 2011 . Under the nuclear umbrella , the U.S. is to provide South Korea with defensive means to ensure deterrence against a nuclear threat . In recent times , South Korea has been known for little if no reaction on North Korea 's provocations and threats . Its attitude changed after the 2010 attack on its battleship That killed more than 40 sailors -- North Korea was blamed . That same year , there was also outrage after the North shelled Yeonpyeong Island . South Korea returned fire and also began responding to North Korea with its own strong words . North Korea : Nuclear program not a bargaining chip But not all South Koreans are rallying behind the cause of developing South Korean nuclear weapons . If South Korea makes nuclear weapons , nonproliferation in the region would soon fall apart , Han Yong-sup , professor at the Korea National Defense University said . "  Japan and Taiwan could follow the suit . Then , a domino effect of nuclear proliferation will result , " he said . To assuage anxieties in South Korea , "  Washington needs to make an official statement in order to make U.S. extended deterrence more credible , " Han added . Experts say that China , also a powerful economic partner with South Korea , will never agree with the idea of nuclear armed South Korea , because "  it will affect Sino-U.S. ties , " said Yang Zhaohui , a professor of international relations at Peking University . North Korean video shows imagined attack on Washington But so far , China has n't been pleased with Kim 's nuclear ambitions , although it is North Korea 's closest ally and economic supporter . China recently signed on to tougher U.N. sanctions against the north , targeting that country 's nuclear program . "  China appears to be getting impatient on North Korea , " Yang said . "  The Chinese government does not appear to be controlling its public opinion on North Korea anymore . North Korea is not popular here . " Recently , criticism of North Korea have become rampant on Sina Weibo , the popular Chinese microblog . Kim Jong Un has even earned a nickname "  Jin Sanpang " which means "  Fat Kim the Third , " and has become a popular subject of satire among Chinese netizens . An editorial printed in China 's state-run newspaper Global Times in January warned North Korea that if it conducted a nuclear test it would not hesitate to reduce assistance to North Korea . "  China 's attitude towards North Korea appears to be changing , " Yan said . "  But China 's priority is peace and stability in the region . It wants to maintain good relationship with both South and North Korea . " U.S. to beef up missile defense against North Korea , Iran	Under heated rhetoric from North Korea , some South Koreans call for nuclear weapons South Korea does not have nuclear arms because of the ` nuclear umbrella ' provided by U.S. Recent poll : 66 % of South Koreans support developing nuclear weapons program
CNN  -- The second season of the Showtime hit "  Homeland " ended with an explosive finale that left the CIA headquarters in shambles and a former war hero on the run , suspected of setting a bomb that killed 219 innocent people . The third season , which premieres Sunday , begins 58 days where season two left off . At the Washington premiere of the new season , the cast told CNN what to expect when "  Homeland " returns . With that in mind , here are 10 things you need to know about what 's coming up on the Emmy-winning drama : 1 . Brody is missing . In the two episodes provided to critics , former military hero Nicholas Brody  Damian Lewis  is nowhere to be found . Now that he 's a wanted terrorist -- whose videotaped confession from season one is public -- nobody knows where he is . The show 's trailers reveal he 's in hiding overseas , but how soon he shows up is anyone 's guess . 2 . The bomber of the CIA is revealed . The last season left viewers wondering if Brody was responsible for the bombing , but the true culprit  or culprits  will be revealed sooner rather than later . Jackson Pace , who portrays Brody 's son , Chris , said we find out who set up the bombing and if Brody is culpable "  relatively early in the season . " 3 . The CIA is in a mess of trouble . After missing all the signs of Brody 's continued ties to terrorism and the plot to bomb the memorial service of the vice president , the CIA faces the consequences of another massive intelligence failure . Claire Danes , who plays intelligence expert Carrie Mathison , put it this way : "  The CIA is in a very precarious position , is being held on trial and may not survive . " 4 . Brody 's family is left to deal with the consequences . With her husband a wanted terrorist , Jessica  Morena Baccarin  is struggling to raise her two children under intense media scrutiny with the assistance of her mother after the military has turned its back on the family . 5 . Dana is in a very dark place . Brody 's daughter , Dana  Morgan Saylor  , starts out the season in a really bad psychological place . "  Her father was one of her closest allies and his bombing , as it 's known ... has really put her in a bad place , " Saylor said . In fact , we learn early on that Dana recently attempted to kill herself . 6 . Saul 's loyalties are put to the test . In the aftermath of the bombing , Saul Berenson  Mandy Patinkin  is in charge of the CIA . His loyalty to long-term prot  g  Carrie will again be put to the test as he tries to clean up the department 's mistakes while seeking to protect the woman he 's often clashed with in the past . 7 . Carrie and Mrs. Brody will interact more . "  We have a lot of really great scenes together this season , " Baccarin said about her work with Danes . In the earlier seasons , the two -- who have fought over the heart and loyalty of Nicholas Brody -- have only appeared together onscreen a few times , but expect more fireworks when they reunite . 8 . The investigation into the bombing will play a major role . A Senate investigation is under way into the terrorist bombing . Both Saul and Carrie are asked to testify at heated hearings , where questions about Brody and his alliances with the CIA take center stage . 9 . Everyone is at risk . In the season two finale , several main characters were killed off , showing that anyone could die at any moment . In fact , there were plans to kill off Brody , both in the first and second seasons . When asked how he makes the writers keep him alive , Lewis laughingly responded , "  I have something on each of them . " But no one knows how long those secrets can keep him -- or any of the other characters on the show -- alive . 10 . Despite it all , the cast is hopeful about the future . Members of the cast sounded optimistic when asked what they would like to see happen to their characters . "  It would be amazing if the Brody family found a way to reconcile , " Baccarin said . Danes said that if she could decide , her character "  would live happily ever after . " But as the show 's fans know , that seldom happens on "  Homeland . "	Showtime 's "  Homeland " returns for third season on Sunday Brody has disappeared and the CIA is in trouble after last season 's bombing Previous seasons show that no character is safe from getting killed off
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's flamboyant former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi plans to marry a former television showgirl-turned-politician a half century younger , he told an Italian talk show this week . Francesca Pascale , 27 , is "  a girl who is beautiful on the outside , but even more beautiful on the inside , " the 76-year-old Berlusconi said . The billionaire , who resigned as prime minister just over a year ago at the height of his country 's debt crisis , told an interviewer earlier this month that he will run again to be Italy 's leader . The bride-to-be is from Naples , Italy , where she appeared as a showgirl on a local television station . She later became an activist and was elected to be a local council official representing Berlusconi 's People of Liberty Party . Italians on the street -- or at the market -- revealed mixed feelings about Berlusconi 's latest news . "  If it 's fine for him an also for her , it should be fine for everyone , " said one shopper . A butcher who was asked said he found it hard to believe . "  What can a man of 76 do with a 27-year-old girl ? " he asked . Opinion : What does Silvio 's return mean for Italy ? Berlusconi , who has been married twice before , is accused of involvement with someone even younger . He faces trial on charges that he hired an underage prostitute for sex and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was accused of theft . The woman involved in the long-running case is Moroccan dancer Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " Berlusconi has been accused of embezzlement , fraud and bribery over his career , but a tax-evasion case marked the first time he had been convicted of an offense . In October , a Milan court sentenced Berlusconi to four years in prison for tax evasion . However , under the Italian legal system , he and his fellow defendants have the right to appeal their sentence twice , in the appeals court and a higher court . Also , because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire next year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Berlusconi , who dominated Italian politics for nearly two decades , did not reveal a wedding date . CNN 's Ben Wedeman in Rome contributed to this report .	Berlusconi 's bride-to-be is 27-year-old Francesca Pascale "  What can a man of 76 do with a 27-year-old girl ? " a butcher asks Italy 's former prime minister faces trial on charges he hired an underage prostitute for sex Berlusconi dominated Italian politics for nearly two decades until resigning last year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Listening to writer Brian K. Vaughan summarize the plot of his comic book , "  Y : The Last Man , " makes it sound like just another pulp title . Brian K. Vaughan says he 's "  depressed " about the end of "  Y : The Last Man , " but he 's got other projects to work on . "  A plague of mysterious origin destroys every male mammal , human being and animal on the planet , " he says , "  except for one boy and his monkey . And wackiness ensues . " Well , that 's the story boiled down to its basics . But the tale of amateur escapist Yorick Brown , the last man alive on an Earth now home to only women , and his monkey , Ampersand , is actually far more complex than Vaughan 's description reveals , involving long journeys , the value of memory and the politics of gender roles . The title , which has had a very successful five-year run , is coming to an end this week with the release of issue No. 60 . It is a finale that is equally emotional for both fans and its creator . "  I guess I 've moved into acceptance but that does n't mean that I 'm not still depressed about it , " says Vaughan , 31 , a soft-spoken Cleveland , Ohio , native who now makes his home in Los Angeles . Gallery : The worlds of Brian K. Vaughan " "  It 's been weird because it 's a gradual -LSB- form of -RSB- saying good-bye , " he says . "  First , you finish the script , but then it still has to be penciled and inked , and there 's so many stages in comics that it 's sort of been like the stages of death . " Vaughan 's career in comics dates back more than a decade , but his love for the medium stretches back to his adolescence . Already an avid fan of comic books , he discovered Alan Moore 's seminal graphic novel "  Watchmen " on a family vacation . It would be the spark that inspired him to give life to his own stories . Watch Vaughan pick out some of his influences " When Vaughan first pitched his concept for "  Y : The Last Man " to Vertigo , an imprint of DC Comics , he was focused on a specific ending , without knowing whether the series would last long enough to reach it . "  We had a long-term idea -LSB- of doing -RSB- five years but realistically , I knew I had just gotten ` Swamp Thing ' canceled at Vertigo and most people had n't heard of Pia -LSB- Guerra -RSB- , the artist , " he says . "  It 's not like we were destined for a long and successful run , " he adds , smiling . Almost immediately following its debut in 2002 , the series found success , earning critical praise as well as five Eisner Awards , the comic-book Oscars , along the way . Yorick 's quest to find his girlfriend , lost somewhere in a world forever changed by this mysterious plague , was just as much an international adventure story as it was the tale of the women in his life : his bodyguard , the enigmatic Agent 355 ; medical researcher Alison Mann ; even his sister , Hero , and his mother . Their experiences can be read as parables on humanity in a world where gender has been all but eliminated from the equation . Now , as their stories come to a close , Vaughan likens it to ending a relationship . "  It 'll be a drag not to get to spend more time with these characters , " observes Vaughan . He adds he will also miss his collaborating with Guerra , who has provided the art for the entire series run . "  It 's hard to not think about working with Pia , just because I think she is the best ` actor ' in comics , " he says . " -LSB- That 's -RSB- a weird thing to say , but she captures emotions better than anyone . I 'm very hopeful we 'll work together again . " Meanwhile , Vaughan 's other work in comics , including "  Ex Machina "  Wildstorm  and "  Runaways "  Marvel  , has captured the attention of Hollywood . Both "  Y " and "  Ex Machina " are currently being developed into films . Meanwhile , Vaughan , a one-time film student , has begun a career in television , working as a writer on ABC 's "  Lost . " Remaining true to the mysteries of the island , Vaughan says he can share "  just about nothing " from the upcoming fourth season of the series , which has been cut from 16 episodes to eight as a casualty of the continuing writer 's strike . The fourth season premieres Thursday night . "  Everything is still sort of in flux , sadly , but I know I 'm disappointed , " says Vaughan , who was a fan of the show before "  Lost " producer and fellow "  comic book geek " Damon Lindelof approached him to write for it . "  I think these eight episodes are eight of the best in the entire series . " As production remains shut down both on "  Lost " and the film adaptation of "  Y : The Last Man , " Vaughan considers himself fortunate . Comic books are n't covered by the Writer 's Guild of America , allowing him to continue to work while his colleagues can not . Despite the accolades and opportunities , Vaughan sees his growth , both personally and professionally , as very much a work in progress . "  I was just a kid when I came up with the idea for ` Y ' so I like to think that I 've evolved as much as Yorick has over the course of the book . But I 'm a comic book writer , " he continues , "  so I 'm still a big dumb child , and I think I always will be . " DC Comics is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN . E-mail to a friend	Brian K. Vaughan 's "  Y : The Last Man " ending its run Comic book took on big themes with its story of last man on earth Vaughan , now a writer on "  Lost , " believes the show 's next 8 episodes terrific
Arne Duncan , the U.S. secretary of education , set off a firestorm last week when he suggested that most of the opposition to the Common Core State Standards for education was coming from "  white suburban moms " who have suddenly discovered from standardized test results that their children are n't as "  brilliant as they thought they were and their school is n't quite as good " as they thought it was . Duncan later apologized for the remarks , made at the annual meeting of the Council of Chief State School Officers . But the damage was done . Opponents of the Common Core academic standards seized on his remarks as a sign that the Obama administration was unwilling to acknowledge legitimate concerns about the standards and that it would insult anyone who criticized its education agenda . Unfortunately , the way Duncan framed his comments -- and the backlash they 've created -- are just more distractions in what should be a serious conversation about the very real education problems we face , and about the role the Common Core might play in increasing rigor and improving opportunities for American students . Education Sec . Duncan under fire for comment about ` white suburban moms ' I ca n't presume to know exactly what Duncan meant , but I suspect he was hinting at the notion that pushback from parents to reform driven by standards and accountability was fairly muted when those policies shined a spotlight on achievement gaps and the relative low achievement of our nation 's most disadvantaged students . But it began to explode when test scores in states implementing Common Core-aligned tests showed that our typically high-performing students were also failing to meet expectations . The truth is that the backlash against the Common Core has grown strongest in areas where state tests results showed many previously "  proficient " students failing to meet expectations . We 've seen this most clearly in New York , where anti-Common Core sentiment reached a peak after the release of results from the latest state reading and math tests , which showed less than one-third of students across the state met grade-level expectations . The question , though , is not whether Duncan 's comments were ill-advised -- they were -- or insulting . Focusing on his gaffe distracts us from the very real and important conversation we should be having about the educational challenges we face in an increasingly competitive world , where school quality matters more than ever . The evidence suggests that for too long , the expectations we have set have been too low for far too many of our students . Too many students , for instance , simply do n't have access to the rigorous courses they need to propel them forward . And even within courses , expectations can and do vary so that some students are being fed a watered-down curriculum while others are being exposed to rigorous content . We see expectation gaps not just within states but across states . Year after year , the gap between the number of students deemed "  proficient " on state assessments and the number meeting proficiency standards on the Nation 's Report Card is unacceptably large across all grade levels and in most states . Even more critically , far too many of our nation 's high school graduates , students who 've been told they successfully completed requirements necessary to move from K-12 to the postsecondary level , have been ill-prepared for the rigors of college-level coursework and careers . According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , between 28 % and 40 % of four-year college students have to enroll in at least one remedial course to learn content and skills they should have learned before earning their high school diplomas . It goes up to more than 50 % at community colleges . Worse , according to a U.S. Department of Education study , only 27 % of students who needed a remedial math course completed college . For those who took remedial English , only 17 % eventually graduated . Although these challenges are most obvious in schools and districts that serve our nation 's most disadvantaged youth , Common Core implementation in at least a few states has shown , perhaps uncomfortably , that may well be reaching beyond our urban centers . In the end , the most unfortunate consequence of Duncan 's gaffe is that it suggested a division where instead urban and suburban schools and parents could have found unity in talking about the school and classroom changes we need to give all students access to the rigorous content and skills they need to succeed .	Education secretary caught flak calling opponents of standards "  white suburban moms " Kathleen Porter-Magee : His comments distract from serious consideration of Common Core She says standards are more rigorous than before for proficiency , which upsets many But she says expectations for students have been too low for them to succeed
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Egypt have ordered the arrest and extradition of ex-prime minister and presidential runner-up Ahmed Shafik , along with other Mubarak-era officials , according to Egypt 's state-run Middle East News Agency . The move is tied to an investigation into alleged corrupt real estate dealings involving the illegal sale of state property to the sons of former President Hosni Mubarak . Shafik , a former air force chief and the last prime minister to serve under Mubarak , lost a June presidential runoff to Mohammed Morsy . He left Egypt for the United Arab Emirates after the vote , but his attorney told CNN at the time that he was not fleeing the country . And in an interview with Egypt 's state-run Al-Ahram newspaper on Tuesday , Shafik said he expected the charges and would await the results of an investigation . The judge ordered Shafik held in connection with the sale of 40,000 square meters  9.9 acres  of land in the lakeside city of Ismailia to Mubarak 's sons , Gamal and Alaa . The judge also referred allegations against Gamal Mubarak , two Egyptian generals and a member of the country 's pilot officer 's association to a criminal court for investigation . The allegations against them include profiteering , facilitating the seizure of public property , forging official documents and deliberately damaging public property , MENA reported . Four of the counts involve Shafik alone . Legal petitions accusing Shafik of corruption were submitted in April , but prosecutors had taken no action against him when he left for the UAE , his attorney , Showee Elsayed , told CNN at the time . CNN 's Aroub Abdelhaq and John Defterios contributed to this report .	NEW : Shafik tells Egyptian newspaper he expected charges NEW : The corruption probe includes Mubarak sons , two generals Shafik is suspected of involvement in alleged corrupt real estate dealings He left Egypt in June for the United Arab Emirates
CNN  -- People who go to Daytona Beach , Florida , by car this weekend will probably wish they had n't -- they 'll definitely stand out in a crowd . Bobby Mitchell , left , and Sheila Justin enjoy Bike Week in Daytona Beach , Florida . The city is being taken over by half a million motorcycle enthusiasts enjoying Bike Week , which began Friday and will end Sunday . The economy may be in a recession , but bikers are n't passing up the chance to soak up some sun and rev up their engines for a few days in Florida for the biggest motorcycle event in the country . "  Every indication we 've had so far is that this year 's going to be a good one , " said Kevin Kilian , senior vice president of the Daytona Beach/Halifax Area Chamber of Commerce . The chamber is the managing arm of the city 's involvement in Bike Week , a 10-day event that Kilian said takes an entire year to prepare for . Events like Bike Week and its little brother , Biketoberfest , are what keep Daytona Beach running , Kilian said . With 8.5 million visitors each year , special events bring in about $ 1.3 billion . The two biker events alone generate $ 650 million of that , he said . The festival did n't always pack in a half-million people , though . In 1988 , said Paul Crow , the Daytona Beach police chief at the time , the event had morphed into something very different from what it was when it started . He said he had to battle what he called "  the 1 percent problem " -- the small group of gangs whose viciousness and threats against outsiders had allowed them to take over Bike Week . He decided he would n't have any more of their troublemaking , Crow said , so he created a task force that evolved into the office of special investigations for the Daytona Beach Police . Its specific purpose was to deal with the problem . Today , Bike Week has been restored as family-friendly event . The event has even drawn in other nearby Central Florida communities -- including Ormond Beach in the north and Port Orange and New Smyrna in the south -- giving bikers more events to attend and places to go . Bike Week caters to a wide demographic of people . "  These are people with a lot of disposable income , " Kilian said . "  They can afford a $ 30,000 toy . " Factors like the economy and this year 's long hard winter probably got people more excited about Bike Week because it 's a chance to get away , he said . "  Everybody needs a break . " Ken Logan , 50 , a radio producer from Orlando , Florida , has been going to Bike Week for four years . He said he goes to "  keep updated on motorcycle stuff as far as styles , what 's done to them , meet people who enjoy bikes , to get patches and all the toy stuff , so to speak , and enjoy other people who enjoy the same thing . " The ride from Orlando is only 35 minutes , and he said that 's half the fun . "  Everybody should go -- whether you have a bike or not -- at least once , just to take it in and see what it 's about , " Logan said . Bobby Mitchell , 52 , also a radio producer in Orlando , grew up in Daytona Beach and has been going to Bike Week his entire life . He said it 's been more fun in recent years , though . "  It 's more fun when you actually have a motorcycle , " he said . "  You get out there and ride alongside people . You 're part of the roar , the noise . " Not only is Bike Week becoming more family-friendly , but it 's more diverse as well , with more women participants , said Kathleen Tolleson , president and CEO of Roar Motorcycles . There 's even a "  sisterhood bikeride " in which 35 to 50 women ride together . Daytona Beach-based Roar Motorcycles specifically markets accessories and motorcycles for women . This year , Tolleson said , the company is unveiling a new motorcycle designed by women and made specifically for women and their needs . "  It 's becoming more culturally acceptable , so more and more women are riding . " she said . The bike has a lower seat so that a woman can use her legs and hips when picking the bike off the stand , and can put her feet firmly on the ground when stopped . Most bikes are designed for men , who have more upper body strength and longer limbs . "  Women , " she said , "  need a lower center of gravity . " The company is taking orders now , and the bikes will be available in six to nine months .	Bike Week in Daytona Beach , Florida , began Friday and ends Sunday Bike Week caters to a wide demographic of people Bike Week and Biketoberfest generate $ 650 million , official says
The testimonies , one after another , have been damning , disturbing and , at points , excruciating . A North Korean prison camp survivor told of a pregnant woman in a condition of near-starvation who gave birth to a baby -- a new life born against all odds in a grim camp . A security agent heard the baby 's cries and beat the mother as a punishment . She begged him to let her keep the baby , but he kept beating her . With shaking hands , the mother was forced to pick up her newborn and put the baby face down in water until the cries stopped and a water bubble formed from the newborn 's mouth . It 's just one example of the kind of testimony heard during an 11-month inquiry into alleged violations of human rights in North Korea , and documented in a report released by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights on Monday . The commission concluded that North Korea has committed crimes against humanity . The commission investigated issues regarding the right to food , prison camps , torture and inhuman treatment , arbitrary detention , discrimination , freedom of expression , the right to life , freedom of movement , and enforced disappearances , including abductions of other citizens . The panel reported a stunning catalog of torture and the widespread abuse of even the weakest of North Koreans that reveal a portrait of a brutal state "  that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world . " It remains to be seen what impact the report might have and whether China , a member of the U.N. Security Council and staunch ally of North Korea , will block action seeking human rights redress . Collection of evidence Since its creation last year , the commission of inquiry has examined satellite imagery , evidence and testimonies from more than 100 victims , witnesses and experts regarding North Korea . Some of the testimonies were held confidentially because of protection concerns for family still remaining in North Korea . International attention on North Korea has previously focused on halting its nuclear weapons program , but , in response to increasingly detailed reports of human rights abuses emerging from the isolated state , the U.N. 's Human Rights Council elected in March to establish the commission . For many North Koreans who testified , it was an acknowledgment of the sufferings they endured living and fleeing the regime . North Korea is said to practice "  guilt by association " -- punishing members of a person 's family and succeeding generations for one person 's perceived misdeeds . Pyongyang has refused to cooperate with the investigation and rejects the commission 's validity . The commission of inquiry requested access to North Korea and also invited its authorities to examine its evidence and also contribute in the process . In May 2013 , North Korea sent a letter saying it "  totally and categorically rejects the Commission of Inquiry " and has not answered subsequent letters , said Michael Kirby , the chair of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry . The commission comprises three appointees , chaired by Kirby , a former Australian High Court judge , along with Sonja Biserko of Serbia and Marzuki Darusman of Indonesia . Through its official news agency , KCNA , North Korea in August condemned the hearings as a "  charade " to "  hear testimonies from human scum . " A life in imprisonment Throughout public hearings held in Seoul , Tokyo , London and Washington , D.C. , former North Koreans told of torture and imprisonment for watching soap operas or trying to find food to sustain their families . Many of them ended up in prison camps for crossing the border to China or for having family members who were suspect to the regime . The North Korean prison camps have survived twice as long as Stalin 's Soviet gulags and much longer than the Nazi concentration camps . One witness said that young male inmates in North Korean prison camps became so desperate for food they would eat live worms or snakes caught in the field to feel something in their stomachs . "  Because we saw so many people die , we became so used to it , " one prison camp survivor told the commission . "  I 'm sorry to say that we became so used to it that we did n't feel anything . In North Korea , sometimes people on the verge of dying would ask for something to eat . Or when somebody died we would strip them naked and we would wear the clothes . Those alive have to go on , those dead , I 'm sorry , but they 're dead . " Jee Heon A told the commission of her time in a North Korean prison . She was sent there after being repatriated from China . She befriended a young girl , named Kim Young Hee and became like a sister to her . While they were forced to work in the fields , they were looking for a type of grass to eat , as their prison rations were not enough . "  We finished our work and we were about to pick up this grass or the plant that we knew we could eat , " Jee told the commission . "  And then the guards saw us , and he came running and he stepped on our hands and then he brought us to this place and he told us to kneel . " They were forced to eat the grass along with the root and the soil as punishment . Kim became increasingly sick with diarrhea after eating the soil . "  There was nothing I could do , " Jee said . "  I could not give her any medicine . And when she died , she could n't even close her eyes . She died with her eyes open . I cried my heart out . " She wrapped Kim 's body in a plastic bag and the other prisoners buried her and about 20 other bodies from the prison on a hill . Orphaned and homeless in North Korea "  We covered the hole with clumped and frozen earth , but after a week when we went to the tomb , it was gone , the bodies were not there . We felt strange when we were going up that hill . We later found out that the old man who was guarding the place had his dogs eat the bodies . He raised five dogs and the dogs were eating the heads and the body parts of dead bodies . " This is the reality of the North Korea prison , Jee stated . She ended her testimony saying : "  I am embarrassed , I am ashamed to be here . There are people dying but because I was so desperate to make ends meet for myself , I was not able to help and I 'm guilty of it . " "  I live like a prisoner , the reason for my living , the reason that I had to come to South Korea , in addition for my own freedom , is to survive and live on behalf of those who did n't make it . People died for no reason . To help their souls rest in peace I have to be accountable for their lives . "	Report by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry released Monday Testimony by North Koreans refugees presents bleak portrait of human rights in regime Witnesses tell of inhuman treatment , arbitrary detention , abuse and starvation Pyongyang has refused to participate in the investigation , condemning it as a "  charade "
CNN  -- If Pakistan prosecutes one of the men who helped the CIA hunt down Osama bin Laden , what does it say about the state of relations between Washington and Islamabad ? Nothing good , according to national security experts contacted by CNN . New questions are being raised about strained ties between the United States and Pakistan in the wake of a Pakistani commission 's recommendation of treason charges this week against a Pakistani doctor who helped U.S. intelligence officials track bin Laden to a compound in Abbottabad . Abbottabad is a largely military community on the outskirts of Islamabad . "  A case of conspiracy against the state of Pakistan and high treason is made " against Dr. Shakeel Afridi , the information ministry declared , summarizing the commission 's investigation into the death of the al Qaeda leader . The recommendation is nonbinding . It remains to be seen whether the government will act on it . Afridi allegedly helped the CIA use a vaccination campaign to try to collect DNA samples from people who lived in bin Laden 's compound . The goal of the effort was to acquire DNA evidence from bin Laden family members , according to The Guardian , a British newspaper . The vaccination campaign , a senior U.S. official told CNN , occurred shortly before U.S. forces raided the compound and killed bin Laden on May 2 . Pakistani officials insist they were unaware of bin Laden 's location , and have expressed anger over President Barack Obama 's decision to move ahead with the raid without consulting them . Incidents such as the bin Laden raid and continued U.S. drone strikes within Pakistan 's borders have also raised questions of U.S. violations of Pakistani sovereignty . Several analysts also have noted lingering Pakistani anger over the case of Raymond Davis , a CIA contractor and U.S. citizen charged with killing two men in January in Pakistan . Davis was released in March after compensation was paid to the victims ' families . For their part , U.S. officials have expressed concern over the alleged infiltration of Pakistan 's intelligence services by Islamic extremists , as well as growing anti-American sentiment in Pakistan , among other things . They 've also expressed concern about Afridi being jailed without charges . "  This was one small piece of a very large intelligence effort , " the U.S. official said . "  People need to put this into some perspective . " The recommendation is "  a short-sighted move to gain leverage by the Pakistanis in a troubled U.S.-Pakistan relationship , " said Fran Townsend , a former national security official in George W. Bush 's administration . "  They 're obviously angry at the U.S. for the bin Laden raid , and this is just another way they can express their anger . " "  Each time one side does something to insult the other ... it undermines the ability to rebuild trust between the two sides , " Townsend said . "  Every public move  such as the recommended treason charge  makes the private ability to negotiate a path forward harder . " Michael Rubin , a national security analyst at the conservative American Enterprise Institute , called the continuing uproar over the bin Laden raid the latest "  in a long line of reasons for Pakistan being angry at the United States . " "  Never have we had an ally with whom we 've agreed on so little over such a long period of time , " Rubin told CNN , noting U.S.-Pakistani ties dating back to the Eisenhower era . "  The bin Laden raid was simply the icing on the cake . " But "  any doubt Pakistan was n't knee deep in the bin Laden mess has now been put to rest , " Rubin argued . "  The fact that they 're prosecuting the doctor shows that given a choice between the United States and al Qaeda , Pakistan would rather be an ally with the latter , " he said . Some analysts , however , draw parallels between Pakistan 's possible decision to prosecute Afridi for treason and an earlier U.S. decision to prosecute former U.S. Navy intelligence official Jonathan Pollard on the same charge . Pollard was caught spying for Israel -- a close U.S. ally -- in 1985 . He was ultimately sentenced to life imprisonment . "  Pakistan has a pretty legitimate " case , said Peter Bergen , a national security expert and director of the New America Foundation , a non-partisan Washington think tank . "  It does n't really matter how valid the goal is . That does n't change the fact that you 're spying for a foreign intelligence service . " Why , Bergen asked , "  should Pakistan somehow not play by the same rules that a lot of countries play by ? " Bergen called the recent Davis case "  seismically important " in Pakistan . It "  seemed to confirm a widely held view in Pakistan that a bunch of people working for CIA are wandering around their country . " "  That 's the context in which  the recommendation of treason charges  is happening , " he said . Is there anything the U.S. government can do to help Afridi ? "  The U.S. finds itself with very little leverage " in this case because Afridi is a Pakistani national , Townsend said , drawing a contrast to Davis ' situation . A solution can be found , she argued , but "  I expect the Pakistanis will exact some price for this . " It 's possible , Bergen said , that Afridi "  may just become a bargaining chip at some point . " Regardless of the circumstances , U.S. policymakers have an obligation to do what they can to help Afridi , Rubin asserted . "  It 's not just about this man . It 's about signaling we 'll protect anyone who comes forward to assist our fight against terrorism , " Rubin said . "  Bin Laden is dead , but there 's always going to be a new bin Laden out there . We 'll always need help like this doctor provided . " CNN 's Pam Benson and Reza Sayah and journalists Nasir Habib and Shaan A. Khan contributed to this report	Pakistan may charge a doctor with treason for helping U.S. officials find Osama bin Laden Case creates new strains in already troubled U.S.-Pakistan relationship , analysts say The United States may have little ability to help the doctor
CNN  -- It 's as if he came from the Dark Side of the Moon . Few would have predicted that an 18-year-old Egyptian , who was n't even born the last time Pink Floyd released an album , would become the cover designer of the British band 's latest album "  The Endless River " . However , Ahmed Emad Eldin was plucked from obscurity when a creative agency working for the band saw his design portfolio on Behance , an online notice board for creative professionals . Born in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , Eldin is a self-taught digital artist , who says he used the internet as a tutor to hone his skills . The offer to create the images for the band , he says , was "  a total surprise . " Featuring a lone figure punting a boat across a sea of clouds , Eldin says the image was created while he was "  thinking about life and nature . " Despite his young age , Eldin says he was a fan of the band before they contacted him and is really excited to work with them . He could only hint that he may be working with the band on future releases or projects . The British band formed in the 1960s but found global fame in the 1970s with progressive rock albums such as "  Wish You Were Here " and "  Animals . " The cover art for "  The Dark Side of the Moon " , designed by Storm Thorgerson , and "  Animals " , with a pig floating above Battersea Power Station , remain some of the most recognizable album covers of all time . "  The Endless River " will be released in November and is Pink Floyd 's first album since "  Division Bell " in 1994 . It is mostly instrumental apart from one song called "  Louder than Words " and comes from the same sessions that produced the 1994 album . Last year David Gilmour and Nick Mason from the band revisited the music from those sessions and decided that the tracks should be made available as part of the Pink Floyd repertoire . The band state that the new album is a tribute to Rick Wright , "  whose keyboards are at the heart of the Pink Floyd sound " and died in 2008 .	Designer of Pink Floyd 's new album is teenager from Egypt Ahmed Emad Eldin says he was excited to be asked to design the cover art Eldin had not been born the last time the band released an album ` The Endless River ' will be released in November
CNN  -- Inter Milan took the first step toward becoming the only Italian team to clinch a hat-trick of titles in one season by beating 10-man rivals Roma 1-0 in the final of the Italian Cup on Wednesday night . Diego Milito 's first-half goal was enough to separate the two teams , who are only two points apart in the race for the Serie A title with two games to play . The Argentina forward fired his 26th goal this season five minutes before halftime to give Jose Mourinho his second trophy since taking charge of the Italian league leaders two years ago . Milito ran onto a fine pas from midfielder Thiago Motta , who made some amends for his red card in the second leg of the Champions League semifinal against Barcelona , and shrugged off a challenge to blast a shot past Roma goalkeeper Julio Sergio . Roma , who won the cup in 2007 and 2008 but saw city rivals Lazio lift the trophy last season , were reduced to 10 men with two minutes to play when veteran striker Francesco Totti received his second booking in the space of 25 minutes . Totti , usually the team 's captain , had come on as a substitute at halftime . Mourinho had to make an early change when Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder went off injured in the fifth minute , to be replaced by young striker Mario Balotelli . Milito had the ball in the net in the 17th minute , but it was ruled out for offside . Meanwhile , Marseille won the French league title for the first time in 18 years with a 3-1 victory against Rennes on Wednesday night . The home victory put coach Didier Deschamps ' team eight points clear of Lille and Auxerre with two matches to play . Lille claimed second on goal difference with a 2-0 win at Toulouse , while Auxerre lost 2-1 at fourth-placed Lyon .	Inter Milan take first step to becoming only Italian team to clinch a treble of titles in a season Diego Milito nets only goal in the 40th minute as Inter beat Roma 1-0 in Italian Cup final Roma reduced to 10 men when Francesco Totti is booked twice in the second half Marseille win French league title for the first time in 18 years with two games to play
Beau Willimon has learned a key characteristic to succeeding in both politics and entertainment : not revealing too much . The "  House of Cards " creator , show runner and primary writer talks freely about his show , which concerns a powerful South Carolina congressman , Francis Underwood  Kevin Spacey  , and his maneuvers to get his way in the conniving world of Washington . But ask Willimon something basic , such as the premiere date of the popular Netflix series ' second season , and he offers an elegant "  no comment . " "  I ca n't give you that tidbit right now , unfortunately , " the former campaign aide says in a phone interview with CNN , occasionally straining to be heard over the roar of military helicopters . But Willimon , 35 , is willing to talk about plenty of other things : the show 's Emmy nominations -- including best drama -- the value of power , the balance between idealism and cynicism and who some of his models are . The Oscar-nominated producer and playwright  his "  Farragut North " was turned into the George Clooney film "  Ides of March "  talked to CNN last week . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Were you surprised by the Emmy recognition ? Beau Willimon : I always keep my expectations pretty low . I believed and I know everyone on our team believed we had done a good job and we were curious to see whether the television academy agreed , and we were thrilled when they did . That 's the icing on the cake , and it tastes pretty good . Netflix joins the Emmy club CNN : How much of your political experience has shaped "  House of Cards " ? Willimon : My jobs on campaigns were pretty low on the totem pole -- I was an advance man . But a number of my friends , including my best friend , Jay Carson , who is a political consultant on the show , were in the upper tiers and really knew what was going on .  Also ,  I built up a lot of relationships in D.C. and the political world in general , and I draw from that all the time . And when any of my friends are n't sure about something , they usually know the person who is . It 's a rough-and-tumble game whenever power is involved -- people 's ambitions , their desires , their competitive spirit will often push them to play outside the rules . It 's dramatic , it 's interesting , and I think it 's something we can all identify with to a degree . CNN : Some rule-breaking on the show seems par for the course , and some might be beyond the pale . Willimon : Well , beyond the pale ethically for most people , sure . But not beyond the pale in terms of reality . That 's an extreme version , but in the history of humanity , a lot of heads have rolled in order for people to ascend to the throne . CNN : What sources have you relied on ? Willimon : Inspiration is drawn from books like  Robert Caro 's LBJ biography and Jeremy Larner 's "  Nobody Knows "  , and other times it 's talking to people who worked in that world . I really do n't think it 's a show about politics at all . It 's a show about power . And that power is displayed in our love lives , or our work environments , the way we comport ourselves when randomness brushes up against us . CNN : Francis often says that he prefers power over money . Do you have any personal views on that , given the influence money has in D.C. nowadays ? Willimon : There 's certainly a lot of overlap , right ? To a degree , money is a form of power . But I think the differentiation he 's drawing is what the end goal is . For some people the end goal is money . And then you see people like Francis who do n't deny the importance of money , but that 's not the reason he gets up in the morning . Money is finite , it 's limited by a number and what you can buy with it . Power has no limits if you 're willing to go far enough in order to get as much of it as you can . CNN : I wanted good things to happen to certain characters . They did n't . I can be a cynic but I guess I want to be an idealist . Is the show cynical ? Willimon : I do n't consider myself to be a cynic nor the show to be cynical . In fact , Francis Underwood is an optimist . Where I think people mistake his optimism for cynicism is that he 's unapologetically self-interested . He believes ideology is a form of weakness -- a form of cowardice . It hems you in in ways that do n't allow you to be flexible . And inflexibility is anathema to progress . The problem with Washington right now is that people are too stuck to their ideology . When you have both parties who will not find ways to compromise , who wo n't meet in the middle , you have paralysis . It 's the perversion of idealism . I think what Francis has done is liberate himself from belief systems altogether . He says , I 've got people over here who think this , and people over there who think that . I 'm going to find ways -- whether it 's through persuasion or seduction or intimidation or blackmail , whatever my tactics are -- to make sure everyone moves forward . I think that 's attractive to people . One of the comments we often get is people root for Francis because he actually gets things done . He makes an argument for the ends justifying the means . CNN : Have you gotten much reaction from the actual denizens of Washington ? Willimon : Sure . A lot of people in Washington have watched the show and think it 's one of the more authentic portrayals they 've ever seen . We definitely push the limits of probability , but everything that happens on the show is more or less plausible . And we do n't shy away from the nuts and bolts and nitty-gritty of what it takes to get things done . And sometimes it 's ugly . CNN : I do find the sausage-making ugly . When I watch the show , and Francis talks about "  looking weak , " I 'd be the person he 's talking about . Willimon : Francis is an extreme example because he says , I do n't have ideals in the traditional sense . I think he sees an intransigent belief system as a form of cowardice because it dictates your behavior for you . You do n't have to make hard choices , you do n't have to come up with solutions , you do n't have to compromise , you do n't have to think outside the box . That 's like a sanctioned form of impotence that has the appearance of strength , but not if you scratch the surface . CNN : Do you think that news media play too much of a role in making that impotence look strong , because they enjoy conflict ? Willimon : That 's an interesting question . I do n't think that the media actually has the power to determine the course of history . What the media does is respond to narratives that are already coursing through the nation 's system . Conflict always makes for a good story , and stories that interest people will always rise to the top of the headlines . But I just see that as a function of the media doing what it has always done since the first leaflet was printed -- trying to find its audience and keep them engaged . CNN : Does the binge-watching aspect affect the way you write it or make it ? Willimon : It 's sort of yes and no . When I first began season 1 , we had not made a decision that we would release all 13 episodes at once . So I wrote it thinking it has to be able to work both ways . What affected the writing most was knowing we had two seasons guaranteed before I even started . I knew we had 26 hours , and there were things I could lay into the very beginning of season 1 that would n't boomerang back to the very end of season 2 . So it 's knowing you have such a large canvas to paint on . CNN : Is there any political figure or artistic figure you see as a model ? Willimon : There are so many . In terms of political figures , someone we keep going back to for inspiration is LBJ . I do n't necessarily say he 's a model for me -- there are aspects of the way he conducted business that I find admirable and others I find abhorrent .  But  I think there 's so much to be gained by digging into this life story . It 's an epic American story that happens to be real . As far as models in the arts , one would be the screenwriter William Goldman , who 's a friend and mentor of mine . The thing about Bill that 's so extraordinary , besides the fact he 's had a career that 's spanned half a century , he continues to keep challenging himself . In a similar vein I would say Ken Burns . There you have someone who has such a singular vision and really stuck to it . The documentary world is a tough racket . The ability to make documentaries that are not only so epic and thorough and artful , but have them reach mainstream audiences -- I find it to be not short of miraculous . CNN : We saw bits of Frank 's roots in the first season . Are we going to see more in season 2 ? Willimon : I wish I could tell you , but I 'm not going to . You 'll have to watch and see .	Netflix 's "  House of Cards " is up for nine Emmys Show 's creator , Beau Willimon , currently at work on season 2 "  Cards " follows the machinations of a congressman , Francis Underwood Show has been a critical and popular success
CNN  -- Formal trial proceedings against the alleged planners of the 9/11 atrocities have finally begun . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four co-defendants were arraigned on capital charges before a military judge in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , on Saturday . The Obama administration claims that its improved military commission rules ensure a fair and credible trial . But outside the United States , who will view a U.S. military trial and potential execution of our enemies as credible ? Doubters will have ample reason for skepticism : If there is indeed sufficient evidence of the defendants ' guilt , why not try them before the same civilian courts that try homegrown terrorists like Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh ? Resorting to trial by military commission amounts to an admission that the government is unwilling to take the risk of proving the 9/11 defendants guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , under the same rules that apply to trials of heinous criminals . If we want to hand al Qaeda a re-energizing martyrdom , this may be a good way to do it . Doubts will be magnified by the fact that the Obama administration initially planned to try the defendants in federal court in New York City . It backed down only under intense political pressure . So the decision to try one of the most important crimes in American history before a military commission was made for reasons of politics , not justice . The Pentagon 's military commissions web site is headlined , "  Fairness , Transparency , Justice . " All three are dubious . The rules overlook forests of unfairness for trees of trivia . For example , after the government held the 9/11 defendants incommunicado in CIA "  black sites " for years , without access to lawyers , family or the Red Cross , and then imprisoned them without trial for five more years at Guantanamo , it seems ludicrous that it had to arraign them in an unusual Saturday session , in order to comply with a rule requiring their arraignment within 30 days of being charged . Transparency also took a hit on Saturday . During their long imprisonment , the 9/11 defendants say , they were repeatedly tortured or otherwise abused . Mohammed , for example , was subjected to "  water board " torture 183 times , according to a former CIA official . Yet none of this could be mentioned at the arraignment . One defendant refused to enter the courtroom voluntarily and so was brought in shackled to a chair . When his military defense counsel , Capt. Michael Schwartz , explained that his client was reacting to longstanding abuse , the audio feed to press observers in the U.S. was cut . Apparently Schwartz had dared to say the word "  torture . " The military judge admonished him not to cross over the line of what could be said in open court . So much for transparency . Finally , and above all , justice will be cheated at this trial . For example , although the rules now prohibit admission of statements obtained by torture or by cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , the rules still allow admission of evidence derived from statements made under torture , so long as a military judge concludes that admission is "  consistent with the interests of justice . " It did not have to be this way . There are better ways to reconcile the competing demands of justice for 9/11 victims and their families , versus justice for defendants who have been detained and allegedly brutalized for years in violation of standards recognized by international law . One way might have been to let the defendants pursue their torture claims through separate lawsuits against the Bush administration officials who authorized their alleged mistreatment . But U.S. courts have blocked these lawsuits on the ground that the officials enjoy immunity from such suits . Another way might have been to refer the 9/11 prosecutions to an international criminal court whose judgments would have more credibility in the world in general , and in the Muslim world in particular . U.S. officials have raised objections to the International Criminal Court . But the ICC is not the only such court . The U.S. has supported the Special Court for Sierra Leone , where former Liberian tyrant Charles Taylor was recently convicted , and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , which has indicted individuals for the assassination in 2005 of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . Granted , every approach has its drawbacks . But the U.S. has settled on the worst alternative of all : military trials . As a former lawyer in the Navy Judge Advocate General 's Corps , I know that military trials -- of American service personnel -- can be scrupulously fair . However , as the common law maxim states , justice must not only be done , it must be seen to be done . In the long view of history , and around the world , justice will not be seen to be done if convictions and death sentences are imposed on our alleged enemies by a U.S. military court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglass Cassel .	Military trial of the alleged planners of the 9/11 attacks on America began on Saturday Douglass Cassel : Trying them in a U.S. military commission will not be seen as credible He asks , why not try them before the same civilian courts that try homegrown terrorists ? Cassel : The decision to use a military trial was made for reasons of politics , not justice
CNN  -- Oscar de la Renta was far from just a fashion designer . The man who died Monday at the age of 82 was as much an icon as some of the celebrities he dressed over the years . From haute couture to causal wear , his name became synonymous with glamour and style . After he spent decades making the beautiful all the more so , he became a part of the zeitgeist . The following are five examples of the designer 's influence on pop culture . 1 . On the small screen Fans of "  Sex and the City " often tuned in as much for the style lessons as for the spicy plotlines . Sarah Jessica Parker 's Carrie Bradshaw helped put Manolo Blahnik shoes on the map and had viewers trying to emulate some of her looks . Devotees can quote from season six when Bradshaw 's artist boyfriend , Aleksandr Petrovsky  Mikhail Baryshnikov  , casually mentions his friendship with de la Renta . "  Oscar ? You ... you call him Oscar ? " Carrie asks Aleksandr , stunned . He later gifts her with an Oscar de la Renta dress , scoring points with us all . Parker wore one of the designer 's gowns at this year 's Met Gala . It was literally a signature piece , as she had de la Renta 's John Hancock etched on the back . "  I said to Mr. De la Renta , please let me use scarlet embroidery thread and splash your name across the back , " the actress told Vanity Fair . "  It was my idea . He would never in a million years have done it ; he 's far too modest . " 2 . In the music industry Hip-hop often finds rappers waxing about luxury . So it 's no surprise that more than a few incorporated the designer into their lyrics . Whether it 's Nicki Minaj musing about being "  front row at Oscar de la Renta " or Kanye West 's clever word play -- "  especially if she ca n't get that dress from Oscar de la Renta they would n't rent her " -- many artists used his name to express the good life . Clinton family remembers Oscar de la Renta 3 . With the movers and shakers His fashions were a favorite of this country 's first ladies from Jacqueline Kennedy to Hillary Clinton , and he continued to draw the rich and powerful even in his later years . Celebs like Beyonce and Victoria Beckham were often spotted at his shows , and some , like Oprah Winfrey , clamored to be photographed with the man who dressed them so elegantly . "  So sad for the loss of this legend . Oscar de la Renta thank for all the beauty and inspiration you shared with us , " "  Project Runway " judge Nina Garcia tweeted . 4 . At the movies Who can forget the scene in "  The Devil Wears Prada " in which Meryl Streep as fashion editor Miranda Priestly explains to her assistant Andy Sachs  played by Anne Hathaway  how high fashion filters down to the masses -- including the blue sweater she is wearing . "  You 're also blithely unaware of the fact that in 2002 , Oscar de la Renta did a collection of cerulean gowns , " the tough-as-nails Priestly says . "  And then I think it was Yves Saint Laurent , was n't it , who showed cerulean military jackets ? And then cerulean quickly showed up in the collections of eight different designers . Then it filtered down through the department stores and then trickled on down into some tragic Casual Corner where you , no doubt , fished it out of some clearance bin . " 5 . Among the people His jeans were hot in the 1980s , and his brand encompasses everything from fragrance to sleepwear . Though his name often showed up in the media for designing Amal Clooney 's wedding gown or dressing stars on the red carpet , de la Renta 's style was also available to the much less famous . For that , we 'll all remember him .	Oscar de la Renta was more than just a designer His name was synonymous with class and style His influence spread to film and TV
CNN  -- A grueling qualification campaign is over , and for 32 footballing nations the dreaming can begin . On Friday those lucky enough to have qualified for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil will learn who they are to meet in the group stage at one of the biggest sporting showpieces on the planet . The fixtures will be finalized -- this year by a more complicated process than previous events -- the participants will discover where their matches are to be played and they can start plotting a route to the final in Rio de Janeiro . For the host nation , too , this is a chance to generate some positive news after months of headlines detailing delays in construction and public protests at spiraling costs . The most recent , and tragic , tale to emerge concerned the death of two construction workers after a crane collapsed at the Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo -- due to host the World Cup 's opening match . Friday marks the start of a countdown to June 12 next year , when Brazil will begin a month-long festival of football , likely to captivate the world . Where ? The draw will take place in the resort of Costa do Sauipe in Bahia on the northeast coast of Brazil . In attendance will be representatives from each World Cup nation as well as FIFA 's top brass , including president Sepp Blatter . The ceremony will be broadcast live to 193 countries from 1 p.m. local time  1700 CET  with 1,300 guests alongside a bank of 2,000 reporters . As ever , there will be entertainment , including turns from Brazilian singers Alexandre Pires and Vanessa da Mata as well as dance troupe Companhia de Danca Deborah Colker . There has been some controversy already when the two actors scheduled to host the draw -- Lazaro Ramos and Camila Pitanga , who both have dark skin -- were replaced by another married celebrity couple , Fernanda Lima and Rodrigo Hilbert , who are blond and white . What is it ? The World Cup draw determines which of the 32 nations will face each other in the group stages . Teams will be drawn into eight groups of four , based on FIFA 's seeding system and geographical separation , meaning that teams from the same qualification zone ca n't be drawn in the same group . There is an exception for European countries , given there are 13 participating in the tournament , but no more than two from the region can be drawn in the same group . The winners of a particular group will face the runner-up of another when the tournament enters its final-16 stage -- the first of the knockout rounds . The seedings Eight teams in the draw are seeded -- seven are the highest placed teams from FIFA 's rankings , the other is host Brazil . The top seven when the seedings were announced in October comprised of defending champion Spain along with Germany , Argentina , Colombia , Belgium , Uruguay and Switzerland . The seedings are calculated on how a team has played over the past four years , with the most recent year given greatest importance . Teams earn ranking points for a win or a draw but nothing for a defeat . The points vary with each game depending on who is playing and whether it is a friendly or qualifying match . Uneven numbers When there are eight unseeded European teams -- as in 2010 -- the draw works easily and smoothly , meaning FIFA can organize the nations into four pots of eight teams . But because there are nine unseeded European teams in the 2014 World Cup , things become a little more complicated . FIFA has decided to put these nine teams into one pot , and prior to the draw they will pull out one nation to go into pot two with five African nations and the two unseeded South American sides . That country will be selected at random , despite France -- which qualified through the playoffs -- being the lowest ranked nation from the European qualifying phase . This random element has not gone down well with some of the other countries in that part of the draw . Pot X As a starting point , Brazil will automatically be drawn into Group A due to its role as host . Then the other seeded teams will be allocated their groups , which runs as far as Group H. And then it gets rather complicated . With one of the unseeded European teams now residing in pot two , there are now nations from three geographical zones in the same pot . That increases the chances of three European teams ending up in the same group , a violation of FIFA 's "  geographical separation " principle . As such , the governing body decided to create "  Pot X " into which four of the seeded South American teams will be placed . One is drawn out and then paired together in a group with the unseeded European team from pot two . After that , the rest of the teams will be allocated to their groups -- with the only other issue residing with Chile and Ecuador , who can skip a group in order to avoid being drawn with seeded South American teams . Group of Death As ever with any high-profile soccer draw there is the potential for the much-touted "  Group of Death . " Whichever unseeded European team is plucked out of pot four and put into pot two might be forgiven for watching the rest of the draw from behind their sofa . That nation will be guaranteed to face one of the South American seeds from Pot X -- Brazil , Argentina , Colombia or Uruguay . Then they could face the United States from pot three and either Italy or Netherlands from pot four , making qualification for the last 16 much harder .	The draw for the World Cup finals takes place in Bahia , Brazil on Friday Thirty-two nations from across the globe await their fate for the 2014 tournament Teams are seeded and organized into four different pots , with an extra "  X - factor " No more than two countries from Europe of South America in each group
CNN  -- The number of women dying in pregnancy and childbirth has dropped by a third in the past two decades , according to a report out Wednesday from four world bodies including Unicef and the World Health Organization . The report says the number has decreased by 34 percent , from an estimated 546,000 in 1990 to 358,000 in 2008 . "  The global reduction in maternal death rates is encouraging news , " said WHO Director-General Margaret Chan . While the progress is notable , the rate of decline is still less than half of what is needed to achieve the Millennium Development Goal of a 75-percent reduction by 2015 , the report said . That would require an annual decline of 5.5 percent , whereas the 34-percent drop represents an annual decline of 2.3 percent . The reason for the decline in deaths is that countries with greater risks during pregnancy and childbirth are taking more effective measures , such as training more midwives and strengthening hospitals and health centers to assist pregnant women , Chan said . "  No woman should die due to inadequate access to family planning and to pregnancy and delivery care , " she said . There are four major causes of death for pregnant women , according to the report : severe bleeding after childbirth , infections , hypertensive disorders , and unsafe abortion . Those four reasons caused 1,000 women to die in 2008 . More than half of those deaths happened in sub-Saharan Africa , and a third happened in South Asia . Women in developing countries are 36 times more at risk of dying from a pregnancy-related complication than a woman in a developed country , the report said . "  To achieve our global goal of improving maternal health and to save women 's lives , we need to do more to reach those who are most at risk , " said Unicef Executive Director Anthony Lake . "  That means reaching women in rural areas and poorer households , women from ethnic minorities and indigenous groups , and women living with HIV and in conflict zones . " Unicef and the World Health Organization issued the report together with the World Bank and the United Nations Population Fund .	Deaths have gone from 546,000 in 1990 to 358,000 in 2008 The figures are in a new report from Unicef and the WHO The report says more progress still needs to be made
CNN  -- One more time , Whitney Houston brought a crowd to its feet . "  I Will Always Love You " had earned record of the year at the 1994 Grammy festivities , with the accompanying "  The Bodyguard " soundtrack taking home best album . But for all the awards that Houston earned that night , it was her voice that resonated most -- as it did throughout her career . The iconic songstress ' range and power were on display once again Sunday night , echoing through the packed Staples Center moments after the music world 's luminaries bowed their heads in prayer in honor of her death . By the time a replay of her 1994 performance was complete , the audience 's applause gave way to an emotional standing ovation . A day earlier , Houston was pronounced dead in her fourth floor room at a Beverly Hills , California , hotel . The world may wait as many as eight weeks -- when results from toxicology and other tests should be in -- to learn what happened , with Assistant Chief Ed Winter of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office saying little Sunday besides "  foul play is not suspected . " Headlines in recent years about Houston have tended to focus more on her battles with drug addiction and her relationship with her ex-husband , "  New Edition " performer Bobby Brown , than her musical accomplishments . Yet recollections of her enormous talent took center stage Sunday night in Los Angeles , as did the six-time Grammy winner 's membership in the music world 's "  family . " LL Cool J , host of the 54th annual Grammy Awards , spoke right away to Houston 's personal and professional legacy , soon after taking the stage following an opening performance by Bruce Springsteen . "  Tonight , we ask ourselves : How do we speak to this time ? To this day ? There is no way around this . We 've had a death in our family , " he said . The rapper and actor then offered his prayer , thanking God "  for sharing our sister Whitney with us . " "  And although she 's gone too soon , we remain truly blessed to have been touched by her beautiful spirit and to have her lasting legacy of music to cherish and share forever , " he said . During the show , stars of past and present -- from Bruno Mars to Stevie Wonder -- celebrated the late singer . The sentiments voiced Sunday night echoed those that have been offered ever since news broke of Houston 's death from close friends , musical icons and everyday fans who never met the iconic performer but were moved by her music . Then , after a memorial honoring other stars from Amy Winehouse to Clarence Clemons who also died this past year -- and nearly three hours after LL Cool J promised the Grammys "  will remember you the best way we know how : with a song " -- Jennifer Hudson appeared under a bright , solitary spotlight . Wearing a black sleeveless dress and anchored firmly in the middle of the stage , the Oscar and two-time Grammy winner offered her own rendition of "  I Will Always Love You . " Twice during the song , the crowd burst into applause . Hudson offered one small embellishment , changing a lyric to sing : "  Whitney , we will always love you . "	NEW : Jennifer Hudson sings "  I Will Always Love You " in a Grammy tribute A clip of Houston 's 1994 Grammy performance of the song is replayed Sunday Music luminaries in the audience respond with a standing ovation Stars from Bruno Mars to Stevie Wonder offer their own personal tributes
CNN  -- From the men on "  Guys with Kids " to "  The New Normal 's " dads-to-be , prime time is full of fathers . And it 's not just NBC . ABC 's "  Last Man Standing , " which stars veteran TV dad Tim Allen , will premiere its second season in November , while ABC Family 's "  Baby Daddy " will be back with season 2 in 2013 . Yep . It 's a good time to be a TV dad . Just ask Scott Baio . The former "  Happy Days " and "  Charles in Charge " stars ' "  See Dad Run " is making its time slot debut on Nick at Nite Sunday . Baio plays David Hobbs on the network 's first scripted series . Hobbs is an actor , famous for playing "  America 's favorite dad " on TV , who decides to stay at home with his three kids after his sitcom comes to an end and his wife  Alanna Ubach  goes back to work as an actress . The show-within-a-show premise prompts most of the laughs . Like when Hobbs recycles lines from his sitcom to try and communicate with his lovelorn teenage daughter  Ryan Newman  . "  I promise you , " he recites , "  there 's one guy that will always be there for you no matter what . " It 's been awhile since Baio 's fans have seen him in this capacity . After an arc on the third season of "  Arrested Development " and two VH1 reality shows , the actor said he wanted to focus on his family and the Bailey Baio Angel Foundation , named after his daughter , which supports families affected by metabolic disorders . As a dad , Baio told CNN it was the premise of "  See Dad Run " that lured him back to the soundstage , the same one "  Happy Days " was filmed on , no less . "  I related to it easily and that was it , " he said . Of course , this is n't the first time Baio has cared for kids on TV . On the CBS sitcom "  Charles in Charge , " which ran from 1984 to 1990 , Baio played a 19-year-old student who babysat three children in exchange for room and board . "  There 's nothing new under the sun . No new ideas , " Baio said . "  This is an idea that 's not particularly original , but it 's fun and it 's funny . " What makes "  See Dad Run " different , Baio said , is the fact that "  it 's a story about a guy who is not an idiot like a lot of TV dads are . He 's just ... playing catch up  after playing a dad on TV for 10 years  , and he 'll never really get there because nobody every really gets there . " Being a dad in real life is "  helpful " when it comes to playing a dad on "  See Dad Run , " Baio said , adding , it has shaped the way he approaches his character . "  You do n't really know what the hell you 're doing most of the time anyway , " Baio said . "  I just sort of get through the day hoping I did n't screw it up totally . So that 's what I try to do on the show , not screw up my kids emotionally . "	Scott Baio 's "  See Dad Run " makes its time slot debut Sunday on Nick at Nite Baio plays David Hobbs on the network 's first scripted series Baio , who is a dad , said the premise of "  See Dad Run " lured him back
CNN  -- Amid all the talk of helicopter parents and Tiger Moms , let us now praise Stealth Dads . Not to be confused with the Absentee Father , who flamboyantly disappoints , the Stealth Dad exceeds expectations without drawing attention to himself . I am the son of a Stealth Dad , as are a number of my friends . Several have lost their Stealth Dads in recent years . For the rest of us , time is precious . The Stealth Dad is at the end of a good run . Social media has made stealth unfashionable , with every utterance now an exhibition . And private family milestones have been outsourced to consultants . When I read about the parent hiring a coach to teach a kid to ride a bike , I mourned for the Stealth Dad . In the end , the passing of a generation will finish the job . Demographers William Strauss and Neil Howe describe Americans born between 1925 and 1942 as the Silent Generation . This is the rich vein of Stealth Dad ore . Stuck between Greatest Generation heroes and look-at-us Boomers , the Silent Generation never produced a U.S. president . Instead , say Strauss and Howe , Silents became America 's "  facilitators and technocracts . " Silents had ready access to college and jobs and avoided heavy war casualties . Silents experienced other frustrations , forever the "  gap " in the Generation Gap that divided World War II leadership from 1960s revolutionaries . Strauss and Howe explain that , for Silents , "  their solutions -- fairness , openness , due process , expertise -- reflect a lack of surefootedness , but also a keen sense of how and why humans fall short of grand civic plans or ideal moral standards . Silent appeals for change have seldom arisen from power or fury , but rather through a self-conscious humanity and tender social conscience . " I like the notion of a tender social conscience . It fits my own Stealth Dad , who married the pretty girl at a Wake Forest College picnic , became a math teacher and then the principal who peacefully integrated the high school in the town of Garner , North Carolina . He served for years as an associate superintendent in Wake County , indispensable in the technocrat role . Once retired , he worked as the business manager for a church . Now , at 76 , Wayne Bare keeps marshmallows in his pocket , for his granddaughter Leah . My close friends and I are also generational misfits , too young to be authentic Boomers and too old to line up neatly with Gen X. Stealth Dad attended some , not all , of our sporting events . When Stealth Dad was there , he never threw a tantrum . When he was n't there , we behaved as if he was . In crisis , Stealth Dad lowers the volume . Stealth Dad does n't speak up unless he can improve upon the silence . Stealth Dad is parsimonious with counsel . Having been spared a thousand aphorisms , we had no choice but to direct our attention to the specific Stealth Dad behaviors plainly predictive of a successful life . Stealth Dad puts fairness above nearly everything else . I walked to my elementary school . On the few rainy days when my Stealth Dad would drive me , he used our family car . Then he drove back home and set out for the office in a county-owned car provided by the school system . This vehicle was only to be used for work . While he follows rules , Stealth Dad challenges authority . Back in 1968 , when many country clubs where still accessible only to whites , my Stealth Dad appointed an African-American man , James Farris , to be golf coach for our town 's newly integrated high school . My Stealth Dad was in the audience last month when Farris was inducted into the Garner Athletics Hall of Fame . In the Baptist church we attended through my childhood , there came a time when one half of the congregation grew furious at the other half . If you have spent time in Baptist churches , this is not as consequential as it sounds . Yet in this case , the dispute could not be settled without a public airing of grievances . The hearing would take place during a business meeting that would follow the Sunday service . The only thing the feuding groups could agree on was that my Stealth Dad would facilitate , from the pulpit . There I sat in the church balcony , like Scout Finch looking down at the trial below , learning to turn off the fury and manifest self-conscious humanity . On good days , I can pull it off myself . Happy Father 's Day to Stealth Dads everywhere .	John Bare : My father was part of a generation of Stealth Dads He says today 's fathers are more likely to draw attention to themselves , in social media era He says his father was always there for him when he needed to be Bare : Stealth Dad does n't speak up unless he can improve on the silence
When the NBA 's most popular player Lebron James re-signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers this summer , he announced it by posting a photo on his Instagram account . Not Twitter -- the favored social vehicle outlet for so many celebrities -- but Instagram . The player 's choice in social media reflected the apparent demise of Twitter 's cool factor . Two months later , Twitter has dropped off the top 20 coolest brands list for the first time in three years . Its rival Instagram has made its first appearance in the elite club . The annual CoolBrands Top 20 ranking is based on a survey of independent influencers and over 2,000 British consumers . Although there is no exact definition of "  coolness , " the judges are asked to consider the brands ' style , innovation , originality , authenticity , desirability and uniqueness . Apple retained its position as the coolest brand , despite suffering a blow to its reputation when it added music in people 's libraries without asking . High-end luxury brands continue to dominate the ranking with Aston Martin , CHANEL , Dom Perignon and Rolex all making appearance in the top 10 . "  If anything , this year 's CoolBrands rankings illustrate that a solid reputation is hard to undermine or , in the case of rivals , overcome , " the head of CoolBrands Council Stephen Cheliotis said . In total , 13 brands retained their Top 20 status from last year . Prada , Adidas and Mercedes-Benz all lost their spots among the leading cool brands . The U.S. streaming and DVD service Netflix broke into the top 20 for the first time , a result of its popularity rising in Europe .	Twitter has lost its position in the top 20 coolest brands for the first time in three years The CoolBrands ranking is based on a survey of influencers and consumers Apple continues to dominate the ranking , with many luxury brands represented
Celeste Ng may want to prepare for a deluge of attention from the literary set . Her debut novel , "  Everything I Never Told You , " just topped Amazon 's list of the 100 best books of the year . "  We loved it , " said Amazon editorial director Sara Nelson . "  This book is a gem . It 's beautifully written , it 's pitch-perfect . ... It 's a bit of a sleeper , but a beautiful one . " "  Everything I Never Told You , " which was released in late June , concerns an Asian-American family in Ohio . Their star student daughter Lydia has just died , found in the bottom of a nearby lake , and the family is torn apart trying to figure out what happened . In a rave review , The New York Times Book Review praised the book 's freshness . "  If we know this story , we have n't seen it yet in American fiction , not until now , " wrote Alexander Chee . There are a number of well-known authors on Amazon 's list -- Stephen King 's newest , "  Revival , " came in at No. 6 , and David Mitchell 's long-awaited "  The Bone Clocks " was No. 14 -- but Nelson recognizes that singling out Ng could make her book a best-seller as well . "  It 's thrilling to see that picking a book like this can actually make a difference , that people now will know about it who did not know about it before , " Nelson said . The selection was made by six people on Amazon 's editorial team who lobbied one another furiously but tried not to let outside forces -- including reviews from major literary publications -- influence their choices , Nelson said . The site picks best books monthly , so with those winners , as well as others on their radar , the group started with about 150 choices . Nelson added that business politics are also kept away from the process . Amazon has been involved in a months-long dispute with Hachette , a major publishing firm that owns such imprints as Little , Brown and Grand Central Publishing . "  No one has said anything to me , ever , about choosing by publisher , even amidst this Hachette business , " Nelson said . "  Nobody called me up and said , ` You 're in trouble , you put Hachette 's books on this list . ' " She added that she keeps an open mind . There are a number of titles on the list , including "  The Bone Clocks , " Jodi Picoult 's "  Leaving Time " and Lena Dunham 's "  Not That Kind of Girl , " that have earned their share of brickbats from critics . Some choices are unanimous , Nelson said , and others benefit from some strong votes . "  A lot of this job is being able to evangelize for the books that you love . I 've had people on my team that love something that I 'm so-so on , and sometimes they speak about it so passionately that it makes me go back and read the book , " she says . "  And sometimes I agree with them and sometimes I still do n't agree with them . "  It 's a democracy , " she chuckles , "  but I sort of guide a little bit . "	Celeste Ng 's "  Everything I Never Told You " tops Amazon 's 2014 best books list Other titles include Stephen King 's "  Revival , " David Mitchell 's "  Bone Clocks " Amazon 's Sara Nelson : We try to keep business out of it
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- For the first time since the start of unrest in Yemen 's capital , youth protesters numbering in the tens of thousands marched toward the Republican Palace on Monday , eyewitnesses said , in an act of defiance against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime . Witnesses told CNN that security forces made no move to repel the youths , who were marching in support of protests Monday in the city of Taiz , where at least 14 people were killed when security forces reportedly opened fire on demonstrators . Field medics in Taiz said more than 500 people were injured , including 154 who suffered gunshot wounds . Medical team leader Sadiq Shugaa said the field hospital "  can not give health care to all the injured , and is coordinating with hospitals outside Taiz to help the injured . " More than 20 tanks and armored vehicles surrounded the principal government building in Taiz as security forces tried to hold back advancing protesters , a senior government official said . Witnesses said the protesters in Taiz numbered more than 90,000 . Another rally Monday in Hodeida , on Yemen 's Red Sea coast , was met with sniper bullets and tear gas , witnesses said . At least two people were killed and nine injured there , medical sources said . Witnesses said "  tens of victims " were laid out on the streets awaiting emergency aid , and more than 300 people were suffering from gas inhalation . The youth protesters in Sanaa , whom witnesses estimated at more than 55,000 , were chanting , "  Saleh wait wait , the revolution youth are coming your way ! " The Republican Palace is considered Saleh 's second-most important palace after the Presidential Palace . Protests also took place in the cities of Aden and Ibb . A spokesman for the Yemeni opposition called for international help to "  stop the bloodshed caused by the Saleh regime against innocent , peaceful protesters . " "  Saleh is killing people without fear , " said Mohammed Qahtan , spokesman for the opposition Joint Meeting Parties bloc , "  and the international community must not watch quietly . "  Protesters have been shot by Saleh 's snipers today in Taiz and Hodeida . The seat of presidency is more valuable than Yemeni blood , " Qahtan said . In Washington , White House press secretary Jay Carney said the administration is monitoring the situation in Yemen and has "  been very clear about our view on the need that all sides refrain from violence , that there be an open process that addresses the legitimate needs and aspirations of the Yemeni people . " Carney noted that Saleh has "  publicly indicated his willingness to engage in a peaceful transition of power , and we believe the timing and form of that transition should be accomplished through dialogue and negotiation . " Foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council member states , who were meeting Monday in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , issued a statement affirming their support for a secure and stable Yemen , and calling on "  all parties ... to return to a national dialogue in order to end the current crisis and maintain the nation 's unity and security . " Eyewitnesses in Hodeida said snipers in civilian clothing shot into a crowd of protesters in Change Square on Monday , and security forces used tear gas on demonstrators . A senior government official in Hodeida said the violence began when protesters attempted to get into a palace there . The official said security forces were only defending government property from theft . In Taiz on Sunday , three people were killed and 1,700 injured , according to medical sources , who said the casualties were caused by central security police and riot police . On Sunday , Taiz Gov. Hamoud al-Soufi had denied reports of a killing and said that the clashes did not occur in a city square , but on the main street , the state-run Saba news agency reported . As riot police intervened to clear the road , "  infiltrators and some young hotheads " threw stones at soldiers , wounding eight , including one seriously , the governor said . The same day , Yemen 's parliament speaker rejected a transition plan by the country 's largest opposition bloc , indicating a continued stalemate over how Saleh should hand over power . Calls for Saleh 's ouster have grown louder in recent weeks following revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia . Saleh has ruled since 1978 and has been fighting to hold on to power , arguing that he is best equipped to lead the fight against radical Islamists . He has been a staunch U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Saleh has offered to step down by the end of the year after constitutional reforms and new elections . The Joint Meeting Parties bloc has demanded Saleh 's immediate ouster , and a plan unveiled Saturday called for Saleh to hand over all authority to Vice President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , a spokesman for the bloc told reporters . Once power is handed to Hadi , he should change the structure of the security forces -- including the Republican Guard -- in a way that is "  fair " and in accordance with the Yemeni Constitution , the spokesman said . The bloc wants Hadi , as president , to form a council that focuses on transparency in the military , a national transition council that will represent all factions in the country and a committee to oversee new elections . The bloc also wants him to affirm the right of peaceful protests and investigate allegations of brutality against opposition demonstrators . Yahya Al-Raee , the Parliament speaker who also is a senior officer of the ruling party , dismissed the bloc 's plan , saying , "  it was prepared during a khat chew and has no value . "  Many Yemenis chew khat , a tropical plant that acts as a stimulant , as part of social and business transactions . In Taiz , eyewitnesses said security police aided by riot police moved in before dawn Sunday to try to disperse demonstrators who had gathered the day before . According to the eyewitnesses , some protesters were beaten , and when others tried to help them , the security police fired tear gas . On the other hand , Tahrir Square , also in Sanaa , belonged to the president 's defenders . Thousands have gathered there to show support for Saleh . Journalist Hakim Almasmari and CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Christine Theodorou and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 55,000 youths were marching toward the Republican Palace in Sanaa At least 14 reportedly were killed and hundreds injured in violent protests in Taiz An opposition leader urges international help to stop bloodshed Field hospitals are full after bloody clashes in Taiz , a medical team leader says
CNN  -- Red Bull has appealed Daniel Ricciardo 's disqualification from last weekend 's Australian Grand Prix , the first round of the Formula One season . The Australian driver , making his debut for the all-conquering team , crossed the line in second place before learning of his expulsion . The International Automobile Federation says it will hear the appeal on April 14 , the Monday before the fourth race of the season takes place in China . Race stewards found that Ricciardo 's car exceeded the sport 's "  fuel-flow " limit during the maiden race of 2014 . The limit was introduced in an attempt to make the sport more fuel efficient . Each car is limited to 100kg of fuel per race . Red Bull has cast doubt over the equipment used by F1 's governing body the FIA to measure fuel-flow , despite its manufacturers Gil Sensors receiving "  positive feedback " from the FIA . "  Inconsistencies with the FIA fuel flow meter have been prevalent all weekend up and down the pit lane , " Red Bull said after Sunday 's race . "  The ream and Renault  Red Bull 's engine suppliers  are confident the fuel supplied to the engine is in full compliance with the regulations . " A statement on F1 's official website read : "  Red Bull 's appeal will now be processed by the FIA , who will then set a date for its hearing . " Sunday 's race was won by Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg , with McLaren rookie Kevin Magnussen taking second place in Ricciardo 's absence with his teammate Jenson Button in third . The drivers will next be on the grid for the Malaysian Grand Prix , which takes place on March 30 .	Red Bull appeals Daniel Ricciardo 's disqualification from the Australian Grand Prix Ricciardo initially finished the race in second position The Australian 's car was found to have exceeded the sport 's "  fuel-flow " limit Ricciardo was making his debut for Red Bull at his home race
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday they are assisting in the investigation of a newborn baby who died of a rare bacterial infection that could be linked to powder-based infant formula . The two agencies are also investigating the case of another baby who survived after being infected by the same bacteria . Both cases happened in Missouri within the past month , but it was not clear whether they are connected . Late Wednesday , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced it had pulled from its outlets nationwide all cans of Enfamil Newborn powdered formula that matched the size and lot number of the formula involved in the fatal case . The retailer said it removed the product "  out of an abundance of caution " during the investigation , because it has still not been determined whether the formula caused the baby 's death . "  We extend our deepest condolences to this baby boy 's family as they try to come to grips with their loss , " said Dianna Gee , a Wal-Mart spokeswoman . "  As soon as we heard what happened , we immediately reached out to the manufacturer of the formula and to the Department of Health and Senior Services to provide any information we may have to help with the investigation . " The maker of Enfamil , Mead Johnson Nutrition , said it is working with health authorities "  to identify the source or cause of the infant 's infection , " though it remained "  highly confident in the safety and quality of our products . " The formula involved is Enfamil Newborn Formula in 12.5-oz . cans , with the lot number ZP1K7G . Consumers who have purchased formula with that lot number should discard the product or return it to the store , according to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services , which is in charge of the investigation . The infant died of an invasive Cronobacter sakazakii infection , Missouri health officials said . The bacteria is ubiquitous in the environment , but the source of infection is still unclear . Because of a growing number of Cronobacter infections among newborns , however , there is compelling evidence that milk-based powdered infant formulas are the source of infection , Missouri health authorities said . The bacteria has been detected in other types of food , but only powdered infant formula has been linked to outbreaks of disease , they said . The FDA has collected samples of powdered formula , both opened and unopened , from the home of the deceased infant and the Walmart store , located in Lebanon , Missouri , FDA spokeswoman Siobhan DeLancey said . The FDA has also collected samples of the water used to reconstitute the formula , which in this case was bottled water , not from the tap . Test results are expected sometime next week , DeLancey said . CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said the agency is conducting separate tests of similar samples . DeLancey warned against jumping to conclusions in the case . "  There has n't been a connection found with infant formula at this time , " she said . "  We are investigating and the samples are still pending . We do n't have lots and lots of cases , we have one case , and we 're investigating this one very tragic case . " DeLancey said the FDA investigates between four and six cases of Cronobacter infection in infants every year . Because powdered infant formulas are not commercially sterile , the FDA recommends the following steps to reduce infection in newborn babies : -- Prepare only a small amount of reconstituted formula for each feeding so as to reduce the amount of time the formula is held at room temperature . -- Do not hold reconstituted formula for longer than two hours without refrigeration . -- Minimize the time reconstituted formula is held in the refrigerator before it is fed . The World Health Organization has guidelines for the safe preparation and handling of powdered infant formula , which include washing hands with soap and water , thoroughly sterilizing all feeding equipment in hot , soapy water , and preparing enough formula for only one feeding at a time . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Christy Lenz , Saundra Young , and Philip Cantor contributed to this report .	The baby died of a rare infection that has previously been found in formula Investigators have found no link yet between the formula and the baby 's death Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has pulled the specific formula from its locations
Beijing  CNN  Earlier this month , "  nut rage " prompted the pilot of a Korean Air flight on the tarmac of New York 's JFK airport to turn back to the gate . Now , "  hot watergate " has forced a China-bound Thai AirAsia flight to return to Bangkok , angering not just the passengers on board but also the Chinese government and public . Shortly after flight FD9101 took off last Thursday evening from Bangkok for the eastern Chinese city of Nanjing , a male passenger asked a flight attendant for boiling water for his girlfriend 's instant noodles , witnesses told China 's state media . When told they had to wait for the plane to reach cruising altitude , the young man reportedly dumped food on the aisle , stomped on it and yelled at other passengers who tried to calm him down . He was allegedly still fuming as a flight attendant of the budget airline brought a cup of hot water and charged him 60 Thai baht  $ 2  for it . Another argument ensued when he demanded Chinese currency for change as well as an official receipt , state media reported . As the quarrel dragged on , the man 's girlfriend threw hot water on the back of a flight attendant , witnesses said . When the purser demanded the woman apologize , the boyfriend exploded . In a cell phone video taken by a fellow passenger and posted online , a man in a gray T-shirt and jeans can be heard shouting in Mandarin : "  You do n't think I have money ? ... You caused all the problems and I 'm going to blow up the plane ! " When the couple realized the flight was being turned back , the woman reportedly grew hysterical , hitting windows and threatening to jump off the plane , according to state media . The plane -- carrying 174 passengers and six crew members -- had n't even left Thai airspace before it turned around . "  The captain of the flight decided to return the plane to Don Mueang Airport -LSB- Bangkok 's secondary airport -RSB- deeming her actions as endangering to other passengers and impeding in-flight service , " the airline said in a statement . Thai authorities reportedly questioned the couple -- along with two of their friends who were also involved in the incident -- and ordered them to pay the flight attendant 50,000 baht  $ 1,500  . The woman was also fined 200 baht  $ 6  and the other three passengers 100 baht  $ 3  each for disturbing public order . As news of "  hot watergate " spread online , many Chinese Internet users lamented that the airline did n't press criminal charges , calling the fines imposed by Thai officials a slap on the wrist for such "  shameful " behavior . Air rage on the rise in China Air rage is a common sight in delay-prone China . In recent years , state media has reported numerous dramatic incidents involving irate passengers , ranging from blocking moving aircraft on an active runway to fistfights with airport employees . With the exponential growth of outbound tourism , Chinese fliers now seem to be exporting their rage overseas . In February 2012 , a Chinese couple was kicked off their United flight from Guam to Shanghai , after they repeatedly yelled at a flight attendant and told her to "  shut up " when she tried to move their luggage in the overhead bin to accommodate other passengers . In September that year , a Swiss flight bound for Beijing was forced to return to Zurich when a fight broke out between two Chinese men over a reclined seat . In February this year , a fight erupted between two groups of Chinese passengers before their flight could take off from the Thai resort island of Phuket , resulting in 29 people being taken off the plane . Then , in April , a Thai Airways red-eye from Bangkok to Beijing turned bloody when a brawl involving three Chinese men broke out . During an official visit to the Maldives in September , President Xi Jinping personally asked Chinese tourists to behave themselves while traveling abroad . Last year the government released a lengthy list of do 's and do n'ts aimed at turning Chinese travelers into "  civilized tourists . " After the latest incident , the National Tourism Administration said in a statement that actions of the four passengers had "  severely damaged the overall image of Chinese people " and demanded local authorities to review the case . All the warnings and cajoling seem to have fallen on deaf ears , though . When they arrived in Nanjing on the same Thai AirAsia flight the following day , the four passengers refused to disembark , state media quoted a witness as saying . They demanded a written statement from the airline that would exonerate them from having caused the incident Thursday -- delaying the flight going back to Bangkok .	A flight is turned back to Bangkok after a woman throws hot water on a flight attendant Witnesses say the woman 's boyfriend grew irate , threatened to blow up the plane Many Chinese Internet users felt the airline should have pressed criminal charges
Paris  CNN  -- Part of Paris Charles de Gaulle airport was evacuated Friday due to the accumulation of snow on the roof , and hundreds of flights were canceled because of a shortage of de-icing fluid , authorities said . Nearly 2,000 passengers were moved from Terminal 2E to other parts of the airport , authorities said , calling the measure "  preventative . " Part of the roof of that terminal collapsed in 2004 , shortly after the state-of-the-art building was inaugurated . Four people were killed , media reports at the time said . About a foot of snow had fallen on the roof Friday by the time authorities decided to close the terminal , French media reports said . Authorities were working to clear it and reopen the terminal . French authorities earlier Friday asked airlines to cancel half their morning flights to and from the airport because de-icing fluid is running low , they said . That led to the cancellation of 400 flights Friday morning -- 200 arrivals and 200 departures . Then , early in the afternoon , they asked airlines to scrap a third of their flights for the rest of the day . Charles de Gaulle is the second busiest airport in Europe , after Heathrow in London . Paris ' second airport , Orly , has not had to cancel flights because they are not running out of glycol , which is using for de-icing , authorities said . Airports in Europe are still struggling to get passengers to their destinations after they were snarled by unexpected snow over the weekend . Dublin airport was experiencing delays Friday because of de-icing and because airplanes are in the wrong places after the week 's disruptions , it said in a statement .	Charles de Gaulle cancels a third of afternoon and evening flights About a foot of snow falls on the roof , forcing a partial evacuation Charles de Gaulle is the second busiest airport in Europe Airports were snarled by snow over the weekend
CNN  -- The show went on . One day after police say Kansas City Chiefs player Jovan Belcher fatally shot his girlfriend and then himself , the team faced off against the Carolina Panthers on Sunday , as scheduled . Immediately after the apparent murder-suicide , there had been some question as to whether the game would happen . It did , though a moment of silence was held before play got under way , and the mood at Arrowhead Stadium was somber . "  I think they made the right decision to play the game because you got to continue on . Life goes on . It 's a tough decision , but I think they made the right decision , " said Mark Mendenhall , a long-time Chiefs fan . Mike Beisner , another fan , said he felt there was n't really a right or wrong choice . "  I think either way , the fans would have supported the decision . I think the league would have supported it , " he said . The Chiefs beat the Panthers 27-21 , a welcome boost to the struggling team 's record , now 2-10 . After the game , Chiefs Coach Romeo Crennel spoke to his players in the locker room , congratulating them on their win and for sticking together . "  Really good , you overcame a lot . You stuck together as a team like we talked about -- helped each other , " he said . "  Family and friends , you relied on those people . You relied on your faith to help get you through this , and we got through it . " "  The win was a really good win , " Crennel said . So far , police have said little about what happened Saturday . What is known , they say , is that linebacker Belcher , 25 , killed his girlfriend , Kasandra Perkins , 22 , before turning the gun on himself just outside the front door of the Chiefs ' practice facility . He and Perkins left behind a 3-month-old daughter . Before Saturday , Belcher 's name had never come up with police , nor had officers ever been called to the residence where the first shooting occurred . But later , they learned the football player and his late girlfriend "  had been arguing , " including "  before the shooting occurred , " said police spokesman Darin Snapp . Belcher , a 6-foot-2 , 228-pound left-inside linebacker , spent all four of his NFL seasons with the Chiefs , who signed him as a free agent out of college . In all , he played in 59 games , including 44 starts . Belcher was from West Babylon , New York . He played for the University of Maine Black Bears , where he started in all 45 games of his four-year career . Asked about the apparent murder-suicide , Jo Brown , another Chiefs fan , described the situation simply as sad . "  It 's sad for that little baby , " she said . In a separate weekend incident , an employee of the Cleveland Browns organization killed himself , authorities in Cleveland said . Eric Eucker was a member of the groundskeeping staff , "  a good friend and colleague , and an outstanding employee , " said team spokesman Neal Gulkis . NFL launches help line for current , former players Engage : NFL star 's death puts spotlight on mental health issues CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Chiefs coach Romeo Crennel congratulates players , says they "  overcame a lot " A moment of silence is held for victims of domestic violence Police say player Jovan Belcher fatally shot his girlfriend , then himself The two shared a 3-month-old daughter
A car bomb exploded just outside the French Embassy in Tripoli early Tuesday morning , injuring two French security guards and a Libyan girl , officials said . The blast was so powerful it blew the front wall off the embassy . Homes can cars adjacent to the embassy sustained heavy damage , and the windows of nearby buildings in this upscale , largely residential neighborhood were also blown out . During a visit to the area , Deputy Prime Minister Awad Barasi said a 13-year-old girl in a nearby house was injured in the attack and will be taken to Tunisia for treatment . Barasi , who condemned the attack , said he had spoken with the French ambassador to Libya , who assured him he will not leave Tripoli . The French Foreign Ministry issued a statement condemning the attack . "  In conjunction with the Libyan authorities , our government departments will make every effort to ensure that all light be shed on the circumstances of this heinous act and its perpetrators quickly identified , " the foreign ministry said . Barasi told CNN it was too early to "  jump into conclusions " about who might have carried out the attack . A criminal investigation is under way to try to determine who was behind the attack and why . At least four French investigators were at the scene with what appeared to be forensic equipment gathering evidence . They seemed to be leading the investigation and working with Libyan officials from the Criminal Investigations Division . Libya 's Interior Minister Ashour Shuail , who visited the site along with the country 's justice minister , said one of the two French security guards had undergone a surgery in Tripoli and was now in stable condition . He would not say who the government believes is behind the attack and said the investigation would reveal that . The minister said security will be increased around diplomatic missions in the capital . Responding to questions about lax security , Shuail said no country is immune to this sort of security breach , not even the United States , referencing last week 's Boston Marathon bombings . Residents in the area complained about lax security at the French Embassy . While there has been no claim of responsibility , Libyans at the scene blamed extremist groups . "  We have to admit they exist here in Libya , " said Mustafa , who was in a nearby house . "  They are small groups , no one likes them or supports them . " Western intelligence officials have said militants linked to al Qaeda had training camps in Libya . After the French military intervention in Mali in January , there were fears militants could strike French interests in the region , including Libya , which has been struggling to impose security across the country since the 2011 revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi . At a news conference , Shuail said he could not link the attack to Mali . He said Libya has to first deal with the widespread weapons in the country . Rami El Obeidi , former intelligence chief during the Libyan revolution , blamed the attack on al Qaeda-linked groups . "  Without a doubt , extremist Jihadi movements aligned to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  are responsible  . Same alliance that 's responsible for the attacks on the British , American , and Italian missions in Benghazi , their proven involvement in the Algeria attack , and the logistical support that was given to AQIM elements in Mali , " El Obeidi said . The French Embassy bombing follows a series of attacks last year that targeted foreign diplomatic missions and the International Committee of the Red Cross in the eastern city of Benghazi . The attacks are believed to be the work of Islamist extremist groups with ties to al Qaeda . Last September , U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed in a militant attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi . According to El Obeidi , Tuesday 's early morning blast was a message to the French government about the capabilities of these groups , rather than a blast that aimed to kill . Residents and embassy staff said the bomb detonated an hour before the area is busy with dozens of Libyans who line up daily to apply for visas . "  This was a political message because the attack was not designed to kill anyone , especially not Libyans , as this would have caused fractures within the extremist movements currently operating inside Libya " El Obeidi added .	Libyan deputy prime minister : The French ambassador said he will not leave Tripoli Two French security guards and a 13-year-old girl are injured The car bomb destroys the front wall of the embassy and shatters windows nearby The attack comes 7 months after four Americans were killed at a consulate in Benghazi
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Monday detailed what his campaign called a four-part "  economic rescue plan " for the middle class . "  I 'm proposing a number of steps that we should take immediately to stabilize our financial system , provide relief to families and communities , and help struggling homeowners , " Obama said at a campaign event in Toledo , Ohio . "  It 's a plan that begins with one word that 's on everyone 's mind , and it 's easy to spell : J-O-B-S . " Obama 's plan comes as aides to Sen. John McCain said their candidate would likely wait to lay out any further plans until the Treasury issues a report or recommendations on what to do with the bailout . McCain has already unveiled a plan to buy $ 300 billion in troubled mortgages and renegotiate the terms directly with homeowners . On Friday , he endorsed the idea of suspending the current requirement that seniors start drawing down their retirement plans -- IRAs and 401  k  s -- once they reach age 70 1/2 . Obama on Monday proposed a temporary tax credit for firms that create new jobs in the United States over the next two years , and penalty-free withdrawals from IRAs and 401  k  s in 2008 and 2009 . The Democratic candidate called for new legislation that would give families the option of withdrawing as much as 15 percent of their retirement savings -- up to a maximum of $ 10,000 -- without facing a tax penalty this year or next . He also called for a temporary lifting of taxes on unemployment insurance benefits . The Illinois senator also proposed a 90-day foreclosure moratorium for homeowners acting in good faith , and a new effort to address the growing credit crisis at the state and local level . Under the Obama plan , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury would provide much the same kind of backing to state and municipal governments as the recent federal bailout did to the commercial credit market . "  We ca n't wait to help workers and families and communities who are struggling right now -- who do n't know if their job or their retirement will be there tomorrow ; who do n't know if next week 's paycheck will cover this month 's bills , " Obama said . "  We need to pass an economic rescue plan for the middle-class ... and we need to do it right now . " The McCain campaign said Obama 's economic rescue plan was a political move that would not provide solutions . "  It is clear that the economy is hurting , that Americans need across-the-board tax relief , and yet Barack Obama has proven unwilling to break with the left-wing of his party and stand up for the American taxpayer , " spokesman Tucker Bounds said . Fact check : Obama 's tax plan and small businesses "  Interestingly , Barack Obama called -LSB- for -RSB- a moratorium on foreclosures , which is a policy he had previously labeled ` disastrous ' when it was proposed by a political opponent . Proving yet again that Barack Obama 's positions on the issues are tied to elections , not solutions for the American people , " he said . During the primaries , Obama criticized Sen. Hillary Clinton 's plan , which , unlike his , included a freeze on interest rates . Earlier Monday , McCain delivered a speech that a senior aide predicted would "  begin a turnaround for the campaign . " On the new tone , the aide said the campaign decided to go "  back to basics " with McCain on what he can offer . McCain told voters Monday that they should elect him because "  what America needs in this hour is a fighter . " "  I will fight to take America in a new direction from my first day in office until my last . I 'm not afraid of the fight , I 'm ready for it , " McCain said at a rally in Virginia Beach , Virginia . Watch what 's going on in battleground Virginia " "  Let me give you the state of the race today and some straight talk . We have 22 days to go . We 're 6 points down . The national media has written us off , " McCain said to a sea of boos . CNN 's most recent poll of polls shows Obama leading McCain by 8 percentage points , 50 to 42 percent . "  Sen. Obama is measuring the drapes , and planning with Speaker -LSB- Nancy -RSB- Pelosi and Sen. -LSB- Harry -RSB- Reid to raise taxes , increase spending , take away your right to vote by secret ballot in labor elections , and concede defeat in Iraq . ... But they forgot to let you decide . My friends , we 've got them just where we want them , " he said . Obama 's campaign dismissed the Arizona senator 's remarks as a "  political speech about where he is in the polls . " Watch where the election stands " "  Less than 12 hours after his campaign announced that Sen. McCain would finally have some new ideas on the economy , he decided that it was more important to give a new political speech about where he is in the polls , " said Obama-Biden communications director Dan Pfeiffer . McCain advisers downplayed weekend reports that the Arizona senator would be unveiling several economic proposals over the final three weeks of the campaign , saying it was likely he would lay out one or two new ideas , but not the swarm that had been rumored . They also downplayed a Sunday suggestion by McCain surrogate Lindsey Graham that a new economic plan rollout might focus on plans to cut taxes on capital gains and dividends , saying that the South Carolina senator had good ideas but that they had not yet been approved by the campaign . CNN 's national poll of polls consists of six surveys : ABC/Washington Post  October 8-11  , Fox News/Opinion Dynamics  October 8-9  , Newsweek  October 8-9  , Reuters/C-SPAN/Zogby  October 10-12  , Gallup  October 10-12  and Diageo/Hotline  October 10-12  . It does not have a sampling error . CNN 's Dana Bash and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	NEW : Barack Obama lays out four-part plan for middle class NEW : Obama proposes 90-day moratorium on foreclosures John McCain says Obama would drive country further into debt McCain to voters : "  What America needs in this hour is a fighter "
CNN  -- In his first court appearance in nearly two years , former police officer Drew Peterson entered an Illinois courtroom Friday for a hearing in his upcoming murder trial . Wearing blue jail clothes , the former police sergeant walked in shackles and looked older and a bit thinner than his last appearance . He is accused of killing his third wife , Kathleen Savio , in 2004 . He remains under investigation in the October 2007 disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson . Judge Sarah Jones presided briefly on Friday before the case was transferred to Judge Edward Burmila . The next hearing is set for May 17 , though no trial date has been set . Friday 's hearing comes after a controversial ruling was made earlier this year in the widely followed murder case . In April , an Illinois appellate court ruled that prosecutors can use potentially incriminating statements made by Savio and Peterson 's still-missing wife against him . That ruling overturned an earlier judge 's decision that forbid prosecutors from using eight statements made by Savio before her death and by Stacy Peterson before her disappearance . When Savio was found dead in 2004 , her death was ruled accidental . After Stacy Peterson went missing in October 2007 , her husband became the focus of a police investigation . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body and conducted a second autopsy , this time ruling her death a homicide . Since Savio is dead and Stacy Peterson is missing , the defense has argued that using their alleged statements to family and friends violates Peterson 's Sixth Amendment right to confront the witnesses against him . In general , hearsay statements made to third parties can not be introduced at trial unless a defendant can cross-examine the person who made them . There are some exceptions if prosecutors can prove the statement is reliable . But a new Illinois law , which some call "  Drew 's Law , " goes beyond those exceptions . The law , passed while investigators were looking for Stacy Peterson , allows courts to consider statements from "  unavailable witnesses , " provided prosecutors can prove the witness was killed to prevent his or her testimony .	NEW : The case was transferred to Judge Edward Burmila NEW : The next hearing is set for May 17 , though no trial date has been set In April , an Illinois appellate court ruled hearsay evidence may be used against Peterson
London  CNN  -- The release of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito from an Italian jail after they were cleared on appeal of killing British student Meredith Kercher has received extensive coverage throughout the European media . Britain 's Daily Telegraph concentrates its reporting on the murder victim with a series of stories centered on the Kercher family . Under the headline "  Meredith 's family : Knox acquittal sends us ` back to square one ' " its lead story says the family will continue to seek justice as Amanda Knox flies to Seattle via London . Quoting Meredith Kercher 's father John as saying the verdict by the appeal court in Perugia was "  crazy " and made a "  mockery " of the original trial , it devotes much space to reporting the Kerchers ' distress . Italian newspaper la Repubblica offers comprehensive coverage of the case , with picture galleries , video and a timeline . It quotes both Meredith Kercher 's brother Lyle and sister Stephanie as saying they respected the court and the Italian justice system but still want the truth . "  We do not want innocent people to pay . We think that there is still much work to do , " Stephanie Kercher is quoted as saying . El Pais , the Spanish daily , headlines its account of the appeal with a quote from the Kerchers saying "  someone out there has done it " and includes a story about the "  forgotten victim . " Questions over "  inadequate " DNA evidence , which featured in the courtroom battle , are examined in detail in a separate article by Andrea Rizzi , and the main story story asks "  If it was n't Amanda , who did kill Meredith ? " Parisian daily Le Monde described the contrasting scenes inside the courtroom in Perugia as the ruling was read out : Amanda Knox breaking into sobs , portions of the audience applauding as shouts of joy could be heard from the crowd outside , and finally Arline Kercher , the mother of murder victim Meredith , sitting silent and still , as Knox was acquitted . France 's Le Figaro reports on the media circus which surrounded the trial . "  Cameras from across the world transmitted the court 's verdict live . Some 500 journalists followed the latest phase of this media-saturated trial , with American channels taking the acquittal for granted , after 1,448 days of preventative detention , " it said . Throughout the case , German media dubbed Knox "  the angel with eyes of ice "  Der Engel mit Eisaugen  . Berlin-based broadsheet Die Welt tells how Knox is already on her way home to the United States , having thanked her supporters in an open letter to "  all those who wrote to me , to all those who defended me , to all those who prayed for me " for helping her to remain hopeful while in prison . And the website of German tabloid Bild shows a photograph of the plane on which , it says , a tired Knox is "  flying to freedom " -- after a wait in the VIP lounge at Rome 's Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino airport . However , it reports that although she has been freed , "  she is still being hunted , this time by TV channels keen to secure the first big interview with her . " The DNA evidence is revisited by the British tabloid , The Daily Mail , and the BBC . In a blog commentary in the Mail , Michael Hanlon writes : "  The sensational acquittal of Amanda Knox and her co-defendant Raffaele Sollecito should serve as a warning to prosecutors the world over who rely on hi-tech DNA evidence to make their case : be careful what you wish for . Because it is clear that DNA , the very stuff of life , does not always provide the ironclad evidence that modern forensic scientists insist it does . " Forensic expert , Professor Jim Fraser of the University of Strathclyde , told the BBC 's radio news program Today that the problem was with the stories woven by Italian lawyers rather than the DNA evidence itself and blamed "  mishandling or failure to use rigorous procedures . " Meanwhile , the UK Press Gazettte which reports on the British media industry , highlights several news outlets which appear to have been initially confused by the guilty verdict on the separate charge of slander and wrongly reported on their websites that Amanda Knox 's appeal had been rejected . It says The Daily Mail , The Sun , Sky News and The Guardian 's live blog all made the same mistake .	The Daily Telegraph says the Kercher family will continue to seek justice Italian newspaper la Repubblica quotes Kerchers as respecting Italian justice system Many in the media focus on the courtroom battle over the DNA evidence Some British news websites initially reported that the appeal had been rejected
CNN  -- Never underestimate the little guy . At just 22 meters long , the new hi-tech America 's Cup yacht is more than three meters shorter than its predecessor . But that has n't stopped the $ 10 million boat -- dubbed AC72 after its 72-foot hull -- making big waves in the sailing world . The super sleek yacht makes its America 's Cup debut this year , replacing the larger 25-meter ACC , which first raced in 1992 . Along with its shorter hull , the new vessel will also have far fewer members on board -- down from around 17 to 11 . But if you thought its smaller size and smaller crew made it less speedy , think again . The new yacht features two hulls , giving it the appearance of a "  flying boat , " and helping it to cut across the water with ease . But with greater speed -- around 40 knots -- comes greater safety concerns . Earlier this year , British Olympic gold medalist Andrew "  Bart " Simpson was killed when the AC72 he was training on capsized in San Francisco Bay . As the 34th America 's Cup kicks off in San Francisco next month , all eyes will be on the new fleet of futuristic -- and stripped back -- vessels .	Introducing AC72 -- the new America 's Cup yacht Much smaller , lighter and faster than predecessor But with greater speed has also come some safety concerns Follows death of Andrew Simpson , after yacht capsized during training
Bethlehem , West Bank  CNN  In the biblical city of Bethlehem , Sana Jamaani is warmed up and ready to run . This is n't her first race , but she says it is her most important . "  I 'm running in the Holy Land , " Jamaani smiles . "  I 'm running in Palestine . " More than 3,000 runners came to the West Bank for the Palestine Marathon on Friday . For Jamaani , this is n't just a race for time . It is a run for recognition . "  It means that you run for peace , " Jamaani says . Two weeks before this marathon , more than 25,000 runners took part in the Jerusalem Marathon . The race was a celebration of sport in a citywide event that drew international attention and competition . The course took runners through old and new Jerusalem . They were free to run . But in Bethlehem , runners say they run to be free . "  We are trying to inspire people to take their own rights , " says organizer Signe Fischer , "  and the right of movement is the only right that you can physically just claim . You can put on your running shoes and just take it . " The Palestine Marathon is put on by the Palestine Olympic Committee and the Right to Movement , a nonprofit organization that uses running as a means of activism . They focus their efforts on what they see as one of the most basic rights : movement . Many of the runners are Palestinian , and their movement is limited , Israel says , for security reasons . The marathon course took runners along the West Bank separation barrier , into the Aida refugee camp , and under guard towers . Nader al-Masri won the marathon . He is from Gaza , and he says he had to wait five hours at the Erez border crossing to compete . He arrived in Manger Square at the finish line to a hero 's welcome . "  I saw parts of the wall all over . It 's very hard , but I 'm still proud of myself as a Palestinian , " says al-Masri . In its third year , the marathon drew runners from all over the world , pilgrims of a sort making a journey to the holy land , not for religion , but for sport . "  It 's an achievement , " said Jamaani after finishing . "  Everyone looks for an achievement in life , and one of them was crossing this line , especially in the Palestine Marathon . " For runners like Jamaani , the marathon is a statement made one step at a time .	More than 3,000 runners came to the West Bank "  It means that you run for peace , " Sana Jamaani says
New York  CNN  -- In a city as big as New York , finding long-lost loved ones is no easy task -- especially after they 've died . For Elaine Joseph , it took decades . During a massive blizzard in 1978 , doctors tried to save her newborn daughter , who was suffering from what turned out to be a fatal heart condition . Joseph , who was still recovering from giving birth at the city 's Beth Israel Medical Center , said hospital officials notified her of her baby 's death and had her sign off on a city burial . "  It was a nightmare , " said Joseph , who was then 23 years old and later found it nearly impossible to find where her daughter 's remains were buried . "  For years and years , I did n't even know where to look , " she said . "  I did n't know what to do . " Joseph did n't get answers until much later , when she met a woman named Melinda Hunt of Westchester , New York . Hunt , 53 , has made it her life 's work to document the undocumented at Hart Island , reportedly the nation 's largest taxpayer-funded potter 's field -- a term used for a place where the unclaimed dead are buried . The site , located at the western end of Long Island Sound , dates to the mid-1860s , when it was used as a Union training camp during the American Civil War and then as a prisoner-of-war camp for captured Confederate soldiers . But today , its use as a public burial ground is n't always common knowledge -- even to the families of those entombed there . And observers say keeping track of the island 's current inhabitants remains a challenge . Joseph said she first found Hunt by happenstance during an Internet search , a part of her unending attempt to locate her daughter 's remains . "  For 33 years , I 've been trying to find where my child is , " said Joseph , who said her baby 's official burial records were missing . Joseph contacted Hunt through her website at hartisland.net -- a resource Hunt created for family and friends in search of lost loved ones , as well as a nod of acknowledgment to the city 's unclaimed dead . Hunt suspected Joseph 's child was buried on Hart Island despite the incomplete records . She worked on Joseph 's behalf , contacting city officials who eventually granted Joseph access to the island . Though it remains uncertain whether her daughter is buried there , it appears very likely . "  I started the Hart Island Project having lost a number of friends to AIDS in the 1980s , " Hunt said . "  Many of these people in their 20s simply disappeared . " She first began taking photographs on the thin jut of land , which sits just off the Bronx shoreline , in 1991 . Authorities later made the area off-limits to the general public . Hunt has since produced a documentary about the island and has put on art exhibits featuring her own drawings of its inhabitants devised from photos taken during their lives . She is also founder of The Hart Island Project , a nonprofit organization largely dedicated to informing the public of the island 's inhabitants . After submitting a series of Freedom of Information Act requests to the city , Hunt got her hands on thousands of the island 's burial records and worked to create an online database . She currently has more than 60,000 records listed online . And while Hunt has focused on New York 's Hart Island , many other regions of the country have similar sites . In Los Angeles , unknown bodies are cremated and buried in a Los Angeles County burial site . In Chicago , most John and Jane Does are buried at a Cook County public cemetery outside city limits . But in Gotham , where some 50,000 deaths are reported each year , about 1,200 unknowns are buried on Hart Island , according to New York 's Department of Correction . It is now the final resting place for up to a million people . City officials say they 've tried to create a more official database for public users . But until that happens , those like Joseph and New Jersey resident Lisa-Michele Russo have turned to Hunt and her website for help . From an early age , Russo called herself a "  twin-less twin , " having lost her twin brother , Anthony , at birth . "  I knew , " she said , and she pressed her parents until they eventually told her about Anthony . "  As a twin , you 're born together , but you do n't die together . " Still , her parents remained reluctant to discuss her brother 's death . "  It was n't something that my parents liked to talk about , " said the now 38-year-old Blairstown resident . "  It was a heartbreaking situation . " Her mother , who was a 21-year-old parent coping with the emotional fallout of having a still-born child , also decided on a city burial . For Russo , that meant Anthony went missing . "  I had all these strong feelings that I needed to do something for him , " she said . Her years-long search for his grave had gone cold until 2009 when she , like Joseph , enlisted Hunt 's help after finding her Hart Island website . Using Anthony 's death certificate , Hunt again petitioned city officials to arrange a visit to the island for the baby 's now-adult sister . The request was eventually granted . "  We do our best to accommodate every legitimate request , " said Department of Correction spokeswoman Sharman Stein , who noted that in most cases , family members must first provide documentation proving that their loved ones are buried on the island before they visit . Joseph 's case , in which records were incomplete , was among the exceptions . Russo said her trip , however , was restricted to a single gazebo overlooking the plots . Her cell phone and camera were also temporarily confiscated by authorities after she arrived by ferry -- an experience akin to "  an excursion on a cruise ship , " she said . "  We were never left alone . " Still , the visit seemed to fill a void . "  She is helping so many people and she does n't know any of us , " Russo said of Hunt . In October , Hunt testified at a City Council hearing to amend New York 's administrative code and force the Department of Correction to cede control of the island , arguing that the agency was n't equipped to operate a place that ought to be open to the public . "  To me it 's a basic human rights issue to be able to visit the dead , " Hunt said . The Department of Correction declined to comment on her petition , but noted security concerns and a lack of public facilities as reasons to keep the area restricted . Hart Island currently employs inmate labor from neighboring correctional institutions to maintain the graves . Hunt , who sustains the Hart Island Project largely through donations and sales of her documentary and artwork , says she 's recently received a grant from the state 's Council on the Arts to create a "  posthumous Wiki " -- a user-generated database of stories , photos and information about those on Hart Island . Since her website launched in 2009 , Hunt says , more than 2,000 people from around the world have registered to search for their lost friends and family members .	Melinda Hunt , 53 , has made her life 's work documenting the undocumented at Hart Island The island is reportedly the nation 's largest taxpayer-funded potter 's field It took Elaine Joseph decades to locate her baby 's likely burial site ; Hunt helped her do it Hunt also helped Lisa-Michele Russo track down her twin brother , who died at birth
London , England  CNN  -- Proving that records are meant to be broken , even after 114 years , a British-led rowing team Saturday won bragging rights for crossing the North Atlantic . The four men , who left New York City on June 17 , completed their journey at St. Mary 's Harbour on the Isles of Scilly after rowing , rowing , rowing and more rowing for almost 44 days , the Ocean Rowing Society International reported . The Artemis Ocean Racing team , led by Leven Brown , finished in 43 days , 21 hours , 26 minutes and 48 seconds , knocking more than 11 days off the 55-day record set by a pair of Norwegians in 1896 , according to the UK Press Association . Dozens of people lined up at the dock and crowded on to boats in the harbor to witness the team 's arrival . Other members of the crew are Ray Carroll of Ireland , Don Lennox of Britain and Livar Nysted of Faroe Islands . "  The funniest thing for me was walking up the quayside -- after more than six weeks of not walking , my legs felt more than a bit unsteady , " Brown , 37 , of Edinburgh , Scotland , told the BBC .	The four-man crew from Artemis Ocean Rowing were in their boat for six weeks Team broke North Atlantic rowing record set in 1896 Boat traveled from New York to islands off England
CNN  -- Scientist and conservationist Eugene Ratagarama has spent 20 years protecting Africa 's endangered mountain gorillas in war-torn Rwanda . Today he is the Director for the International Gorilla Conservation Program  IGCP  , the first African to be appointed . But it has not been an easy task . In his quest to preserve the mountain gorilla , Ratagarama has faced persecution , death and has seen a number of his colleagues killed during one of the worst ethnic conflicts of the 20th century . Ratagarama first became involved with mountain gorillas in 1990 , when he worked as a plant researcher for the Karisoke Research Centre , in Volcanoes National Park , Rwanda . It was during this time a rebel group calling themselves the Rwandese Patriotic Front attacked the country . Ratagarama was arrested as a Tutsi and persecuted . Released in 1991 , he fled to Burundi , lucky to escape with his life , he told CNN . He lived in exile for three years and at the end of the 1994 genocide , Ratagarama returned home determined to protect the mountain gorilla and its natural habitat . But he was unprepared for the devastation his country had suffered , and returned to find his entire family , including his mother , father and three brothers dead ; slaughtered during the genocide . Speaking of the genocide , Ratagarama said : "  Rwanda was devastated . You would see the bodies of dead people , thousands of people . The whole country had to resume from scratch . My attention went to the national park , " he told CNN In order to save the mountain gorilla , his goal was to maintain and preserve the national parklands . But after so many years of war the environmental degradation was extensive . Extremist militia groups and government officials continued to fight in the parks . This was perhaps the most dangerous time for the conservationists , with a number of park rangers and guides killed , either by the numerous land mines scattered along forest paths or caught in the cross fire of the warring factions . But it was the mass movement of refugees that was the greatest threat to the regions ' mountain gorillas . Forced from their homes , they swarmed into national parks on an unprecedented scale . The sheer numbers of displaced people could have spelt the end for Volcanoes National Park , but it was Ratagarama 's persistent efforts and intense lobbying that ensured huge areas of wildlife were preserved , as the country struggled to resettle more than two million people . Today things are looking brighter . Ratagarama and his team are at the forefront of eco-tourism , with the money they make going towards the preservation of mountain gorillas and the neighboring communities near the parks . Not only has Ratagarama helped to save the endangered mountain gorilla , but his conservation tactics are now used in other war-torn regions struggling to preserve their wildlife . For his tireless efforts , Ratagarama was awarded the Jean Paul Getty Prize in 1996 , the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2001 and recognized as a CNN Hero in 2007 . Susannah Palk contributed to this report	Exiled from Rwanda in 1991 , Ratagarama lived in Burundi for three years He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2001 Appointed director of the International Gorilla Conservation Program in 2005
CNN  -- One of the scariest scenarios of any sport must be the realization by a jockey that the half-tonne animal underneath him is not going to land successfully as it flies over a fence six feet high at nearly 50 kilometers per hour . The onrushing blades of grass appear like blurred lines of green just prior to the ground stopping both rider and horse in brutal fashion . In the blink of an eye , a kaleidoscope of colors can turn to black -- and lives can be turned upside down . It is the nightmare prospect for any jockey , his family and friends too , in a sport whose protagonists are constantly followed by an ambulance -- a regular reminder of the all-too-real threat of severe injury , potential paralysis and , in extreme cases , death . "  I was numb when I heard the news , " said Fidelma Toole , whose son Peter was in a coma for 13 days after he fell at Liverpool 's Aintree racecourse , on Grand National day , in 2011 . "  It just was n't really sinking in . " Thankfully , after years of hard work , which involved being taught to talk again during 18 months in rehab , the Irishman 's prognosis is overwhelmingly good . Now 25 , Peter is not only walking and talking , albeit at a somewhat slower pace , but is also -- miraculously in the eyes of many -- riding again . Despite his experiences , Toole still gets tongue-tied when meeting a fellow Irish jockey . In March , JT McNamara -- widely regarded as one of the most effective amateur jockeys in the history of British racing -- fell at the popular Cheltenham Festival . Reportedly a month away from retirement , the 37-year-old has been paralyzed from the neck down ever since . "  John Thomas will never leave your mind , " said Toole , who had visited his friend a couple of days before talking to CNN . "  I just pray to God that that did n't happen to me . It was the simplest of falls and you ca n't believe the damage . He can move his head around and talk just fine , but he ca n't do anything else . " Given his own past , does Toole have any words of advice ? "  No chance , " he replied solemnly . "  All I can do is just go to see him and be there for him . " As he knows only too well , the advantages of having someone thinking of you can be immeasurable . For from the moment his charge Classic Fly fell in an incident he still does n't remember , the pioneering Injured Jockeys Fund  IJF  was by Toole 's side . Quite literally so . Founded in 1964 to assist two paralyzed riders , one of whom had fallen in that year 's Grand National , the organization has been easing the lives of those with career-debilitating injuries ever since . Not only does the IJF provide instant logistical support and limitless rehabilitative work at a state-of-the-art building , its host of initiatives also include the provision of mortgages for those whose incomes have been decimated by injury . "  Basically , we are a charity to support beneficiaries in a financial , medical and emotional way , " Lisa Hancock , the CEO of the IJF , told CNN . "  In over 49 years , we have supported over 1,000 beneficiaries . " Last year , the Suffolk-based organization assisted more than 500 members of the racing family , with 35 -- or 7 % -- being new cases . Not all of them are jockeys , for a quarter of the workload is devote to stable lads and grooms , but the procedure is often the same whenever anyone is seriously injured . Leaving all medical care to professional doctors , the IJF initially concentrates on arranging the logistical needs that can overload friends and family -- dispatching one of its so-called "  almoners " to assess all the varying requirements . "  The most difficult bit of the job is when you do get somebody who is seriously injured because as much as you try to stay distant from it , you ca n't help but have it get under your skin , " said Karen Sharpe , one of the body 's nine almoners . "  You are living and breathing the accident with their family and friends yet you must remain separate from it and not let it affect you . "  If you 're falling to pieces because you find it hard , you 're absolutely no use to anyone else -- and that can be quite difficult . But equally , if you are able to do even a little bit to help , then it 's hugely rewarding . " Described as "  a one in a million " by Fidelma Toole , Sharpe was the almoner sent to look after the family when Peter suffered his career-ending fall . With doctors attending the comatose jockey , Sharpe devoted her attentions to the family , arranging their transfer from Ireland and accommodation in Aintree among a myriad of other measures . "  I just ca n't imagine how it would have been without Karen or the IJF , " said Fidelma . "  You are not thinking those first few days . You 're just in a different world , wondering how the outcome is going to be . "  Having Karen there was hugely important . You wonder where you would have started otherwise . From the time Peter got hurt , she was on the scene at the hospital and she never left . " Today , Peter is back home in Ireland , his racing career cruelly taken from his grasp  "  forget that -- that 's gone , " he says sadly  , but he is able to ride out horses for one of his old trainers . His road to recovery was hugely helped by a lengthy stay at Oaksey House , the purpose-built rehabilitation center opened in the southern English county of Berkshire and named after IJF founder Lord Oaksey . The charity also flew Toole back to Ireland , so how can it afford such extensive service ? "  Generous supporters , donations , legacies and Christmas work , " said Hancock . "  We need $ 4m to cover our costs every year and that is what we typically get . We are very fortunate the racing community has taken the IJF to its heart . "  They empathize with the dangers of a jockey 's life . Those supporters who watch on TV or go to the course see what the jockeys are doing , derive pleasure from it and this is their way of giving back . " So much so that the charity is in a position to give significant financial benefit to those in need . Take the case of Chris "  Red " Kinane , an assistant trainer kicked so hard in the head by a horse that his life hung in the balance . After a year in hospital and 14 operations to rebuild his skull , Kinane 's wages crumpled -- so the IJF stepped in . "  We take over the mortgages of jockeys who can not fulfill their payments , " Hancock explained . "  We then link the mortgage to the house price index , which means our money is secure and which means they do not lose their home . It is a long-term way of helping our beneficiaries . " It is also yet another remarkable service from an organization little known outside British racing circles . Next year , the IJF will celebrate its 50th birthday -- and is opening a new building in the north of England , in Yorkshire , as it does so . Yet this will not set the tone for the second half of its century . "  We ca n't open any more centers as we have to cut our cloth accordingly , " says Hancock . "  There are only so many jockeys . We are reasonably well-financed and that is due to prudent care . " In the meantime , the IJF will go about its essential business : an organization no fit jockey wants to know too well , yet one that none can live without should misfortune come calling .	Injured Jockeys Fund caters for those who suffer severe injury in the British racing community Founded in 1964 , the charity has eased the lives of over 1,000 beneficiaries Generous donors and charitable sales bring in the $ 4 million needed to run the organization
London , England  CNN  -- The days of discussions have ended , demands issued , concesssions made and a decision finally reached -- but even before they formed a government , the UK 's political parties must wait for approval from one more person : The queen . Labour leader Gordon Brown on Tuesday announced his resignation as prime minister and said he was recommending his Conservative rival David Cameron as successor . As a head of state , Queen Elizabeth has numerous traditional roles when it comes to elections and government . Although these are usually no more than ceremonial , they are a key part of the protocol without which nothing can happen . Before he could fully resign Brown asked the queen 's permission . Likewise , David Cameron -- whose Conservative party is trying to form an alliance with the third placed Liberal Democrat to secure a parliamentary majority -- had to be invited by the queen to replace Brown . Full story : Political rivals jockey for power The queen is the embodiment of Britain 's constitutional monarchy and everything is done in her name . No laws can be passed nor parliaments opened or dissolved without her approval . Such strict protocols bind all stages of the process to install a new prime minister -- often with a pomp and grandeur far removed from the boisterous world of British politics . The 2006 film "  The Queen " offered insight into this when Helen Mirren , playing the monarch , invites a nervous and kneeling Tony Blair to become prime minister after his 1997 landslide victory . In her six decade reign , Queen Elizabeth has dealt with 11 prime ministers , including Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher , who reputedly had a tense relationship with the monarch during the weekly audiences that are also a traditional necessity . Typically , although it is her role to anoint prime ministers , the queen does not get involved in the political process , remaining above the fray . After an election , the queen will wait to see if the current prime minister gets a majority or assembles a coalition before inviting them to form a government . Only if they admit defeat and resign can she start to look elsewhere . As negotiations to form a coalition progress , the queen will be kept informed from a distance , avoiding any direct involvement in the decision . A high level group including her private secretary and the Cabinet secretary will brief her , but she will not be drawn into controversy . But , in the unlikely event that no decision can be reached among the parties over who should become prime minister the queen does have powers to intervene . She can , in theory , call a fresh election or stop a new election being called if she thinks there is another solution . The queen has faced election hiccups before . The last was in 1974 when after days of party negotiations , she invited Labour to form a minority government . That administration lasted less than a year before Britain was back at the polls . It usually falls to royal advisers to ensure the rules work and that the queen is kept well away from the political wheeling and dealing .	British prime ministers must be invited to take up the role by the queen Queen Elizabeth has dealt with 11 prime ministers including Winston Churchill Queen does not get involved in political decision making but has power to intervene
Coastal Living  -- There 's a stillness that permeates the streets -- and the water -- in Irvington , Virginia . The glasslike surface of Carter 's Creek is so calm you ca n't help but touch it to see if you 'll cause a ripple . The scent of warm , dry grass fills the air . Colors appear softer . It feels almost magical . Irvington , Virginia , is three hours from Washington , D.C. , and 90 minutes from Richmond and Norfolk . But wander around a bit and you 'll discover something more : an energy beneath the quiet facade . A former steamboat port , Irvington is reestablishing itself as the hub of the state 's Northern Neck . Just three hours from Washington , D.C. , and 90 minutes from Richmond and Norfolk , the town that George Washington called the "  Garden of Virginia " still serves as a quiet getaway from the city . But now it also offers two fine inns , several upscale restaurants and trendy shops . The Dandelion -- once a church parsonage -- fills its two floors with apparel , accessories and gifts . Across the street , Avolon specializes in hip designer clothing , and , two doors down , Khakis offers way more than neutral slacks . River Cottage 's 19th-century building is as captivating as its merchandise : Check out the wavy-glass windows and original flooring from Washington , D.C. 's historic Willard Hotel . Owner Paul Carlson welcomes clientele to browse his hodgepodge of Peacock Alley linens , Maine Cottage furniture , Zekiah stained glass and Hobie kayaks . At The Bay Window , Nancy Drake , Candy Terry and Mary Ragland provide knitting supplies and classes . "  It 's so quiet here , " Mary says . "  This is truly country . " She 's right . Locals spend time outdoors . Nightlife consists of gazing at stars in the velvety sky . It also consists of dining at Irvington 's sophisticated but playful social mecca , Trick Dog Cafe . Many patrons return for homegrown dishes , prepared by chefs Jeffrey Johnson and Tony Filiberti and flavored with ingredients harvested within 10 to 15 miles of town . Although still largely undiscovered , Irvington revels in its new identity as a destination -- thanks in part to the Tides Inn . Renovated in 2002 , the 480-acre resort features 106 rooms overlooking Carter 's Creek and a 64-slip marina . Four on-site restaurants include the Chesapeake Club for local seafood and regional cuisine . Guests can golf , bike , play croquet , and take sailing lessons at the resort 's Premier Sailing School . For a more eclectic getaway , The Hope and Glory Inn 's recently refreshed accommodations comprise seven rooms in an 1890 schoolhouse , plus six cottages . Owner Dudley Patteson says he encourages guests to "  step away from what 's going on in life and reconnect . " That 's easy to do this time of year , when autumn brightens the town 's trees , and straw-color mums decorate Victorian porches on King Carter Drive . Irvington , even with its metropolitan touches , offers its visitors a low-key respite from daily life . In this "  Garden of Virginia , " the harvest may just be peace and quiet . If you go ... For general information , visit townofirvington.com . Sweet Dreams : Rates at the Tides Inn start at $ 210 ; 800/843 -3746 or tidesinn.com . Rates at The Hope and Glory Inn start at $ 165 ; 800/497 -8228 or hopeandglory.com . Cuisine : The Chesapeake Club at the Tides Inn  reservations recommended  ; 800/843 -3746 or tidesinn.com . If you stay at The Hope and Glory Inn on a Saturday , make reservations at the Chef 's Table for a four-course meal paired with wines selected by the chef ; 800/497 -8228 or hopeandglory.com . The Trick Dog Cafe  reservations recommended  ; 804/438 -1055 . The Local serves gourmet coffees and sandwiches , and doubles as an Internet caf ; 804/438 -9356 . Shops 'n' Such : Avolon ; 804/438 -6793 . The Bay Window ; 804/438 -6636 . The Dandelion ; 804/438 -5194 or thedandelion.com . Khakis ; 804/438 -6779 or khakisofirvington.com . The River Cottage ; 804/438 -9007 or therivercottage.net . Local Attractions : Try your hand at grape harvesting during the Irvington Stomp , September 1 this year ; 804/438 -5559 or irvingtonstomp.com . The Steamboat Era Museum gives visitors a glimpse into vessels that helped shape cities and towns along the Chesapeake ; 804/438 -6888 or steamboateramuseum.org . For a more reverent experience , visit Historic Christ Church , a restored Colonial-era church and national landmark ; 804/438 -6855 or christchurch1735.org . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	Irvington , Virginia , is just three hours from Washington , D.C. The former steamboat port is drawing more weekend visitors The 480-acre Tides Inn resort is one reason for Irvington 's higher profile
MADRID , Spain -- David Nalbandian battled back to stun world No. 1 Roger Federer with a 1-6 6-3 6-3 victory in the final of the Madrid Masters on Sunday . David Nalbandian celebrates after upsetting Roger Federer in the Madrid Masters final . The Argentine , ranked 25th in the world , repeated his 2005 upset win over the Swiss star in that year 's season-ending Masters Cup -- also an indoor event . Defending champion Federer , playing in his first tournament since winning the U.S. Open six weeks ago , made 38 unforced errors . Nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after Novak Djokovic in Montreal in August -- to beat the world 's top-three players en route to winning a title . German legend Boris Becker was the first to perform the feat 13 years ago . Nalbandian ousted second-ranked Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals and then Serbian Djokovic in Saturday 's semis . The 25-year-old , who lost in the Madrid final in 2004 , claimed his first triumph on the ATP Tour since May , 2006 , on clay in Portugal . He spent a year without a coach , but has revived his career since teaming up with Hernan Gumy . "  I 'm extremely contented to beat the world number one , " Nalbandian said . "  Roger and I have a long history and I think that influenced the match . "  It was an extremely hard first set . But I tightened the teeth and I began to play more strongly . Things came out fine , I played incredible , and that of course that helps . " Federer added : "  He served well , I was quite surprised with how well he served . "  He came back strong and played well in the end . "  He was a better player all in all . I was struggling after the first set to play aggressively , for some reason . He played tough and did n't miss any more . I could n't play way I wanted to . It was a pity , he played a great tournament . " E-mail to a friend	David Nalbandian won Madrid Masters after beating top seed Roger Federer The Argentine triumphed 1-6 6-3 6-3 against the Swiss defending champion He became third man to beat world 's three top players en route to a title
President Barack Obama 's historic move to loosen the U.S. embargo on Cuba set off an immediate clash with Republicans keen to use the dramatic foreign policy shift to further their own White House aspirations . The announcement immediately threw two Florida politicians -- Sen. Marco Rubio and former Governor Jeb Bush -- into the spotlight and served as another reminder of the state 's enduring importance in presidential politics . Rubio , the son of Cuban immigrants , quickly took a hardline position , vowing to block any nominee the administration might put forward to be an ambassador to Cuba . He called Obama 's announcement "  truly outrageous and counterproductive " because there has been no "  democratic opening " in Cuba . "  It is a lifeline for the Castro regime that will allow them to become more profitable ... and allow them to become a more permanent fixture , " he said on CNN . "  The embargo is leverage , these sanctions are leverage . " Rubio continued : "  We have just lost a significant part of our leverage ... not a single democratic concession . " In a subsequent press conference , Rubio expanded his critique into a direct attack on Obama 's foreign policy , previewing the assault Republican hawks could adopt in the presidential race . "  This president has proven today that his foreign policy is more than just naive , " Rubio said . "  It is willfully ignorant of the way the world truly works . " Rubio called Obama "  the single worst negotiator we have had in the White House in my lifetime . " Bush , who shocked the political world on Tuesday by announcing he would explore a White House bid , welcomed the release of US contractor Alan Gross but said it was too early to transform Cuba policy . "  He should n't have been in prison to start with . He did n't do anything to deserve it . But the fact that he 's coming home is spectacular news for himself and his family -- on the first day of Hanukkah , " Bush said when asked about the Cuba news at a holiday event with Florida Governor Rick Scott . In his first major foreign policy comments of the nascent 2016 campaign , Bush then warned in a statement that only Fidel and Raul Castro , who between them have ruled Cuba for over half a century , would benefit from Obama 's "  ill-advised move . " "  Cuba is a dictatorship with a disastrous human rights record , and now President Obama has rewarded those dictators . We should instead be fostering efforts that will truly lead to the fair , legitimate democracy that will ultimately prevail in Cuba , " Bush said in a statement posted on his Facebook page . Bush 's consistent hard line towards Havana could be appealing to thousands of Cuban Americans in Florida . But there 's also the question of whether the issue will be as potent in 2016 as it has been in previous election cycles , as the younger generation of Cuban-Americans , many of them born in the U.S. , are not as steeped in the Cold War-era struggle as their parents . Bush has been a strong supporter of the trade embargo and believes it should only be lifted once political prisoners are freed , Cuba fully embraces democracy and a market economy is established . "  Instead of lifting the embargo , we should consider strengthening it again to put pressure on the Cuba regime , " Bush said at a meeting of the US-Cuba Democracy PAC earlier this month . Meanwhile , Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz , whose father fled Cuba , expressed "  rejoice " that Gross is back in the U.S. . But he slammed Obama for easing restrictions on Cuba . "  Make no mistake , although we are glad Alan is now free , the agreement the Obama Administration has entered into with the Castro regime has done nothing to resolve the underlying problem , " he said in a statement . "  Indeed , it has made it worse . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , who is also considering a presidential run , tweeted "  this is an incredibly bad idea . " The GOP positions set up a clear contrast with a possible 2016 Democratic election rival Hillary Clinton , who expressed support for Obama 's moves in a statement released Wednesday night . "  I support President Obama 's decision to change course on Cuba policy , while keeping the focus on our principal objective -- supporting the aspirations of the Cuban people for freedom , " she said . "  It is great news that Alan is finally home with his family , where he belongs . " The former secretary of state ran for the White House in 2008 opposing calls to lift the embargo , but she has since shifted her stance . In an interview with Fusion television network earlier this year , Clinton argued that the embargo had "  propped up " the Castro regime . "  I would like to see us move toward normalizing relations eventually and therefore more Americans  allowed to move  back and forth , " she said . "  That 's something President Obama did and I supported in the first term . " Clinton wrote in her book "  Hard Choices " that towards the end of her time in the Obama administration , she "  recommended to President Obama that he take another look at our embargo . " "  It was n't achieving its goals and it was holding back our broader agenda across Latin America , " she wrote Meanwhile , Obama 's announcement surprised many on Capitol Hill . Outgoing Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Robert Menendez , who has often crossed swords with Obama on Iran and Cuba policy , issued a statement that hinted at the tough fight to come over the embargo in Congress . WATCH : Castro thanks Obama , pope While hailing a "  moment of profound relief " for Gross , Menendez blasted Obama , who he said had "  vindicated the brutal behavior of the Cuban government . " "  Trading Mr Gross for three convicted criminals sets and extremely dangerous precedent , " said Menendez . "  It invites dictatorial and rogue regimes to use Americans serving overseas as bargaining chips , " he said and argued that the "  asymmetrical trade " will invite further belligerence from the government towards the Cuban opposition . House Speaker John Boehner also hammered Obama 's foreign policy , rebuking the President for "  another in a long line of mindless concessions to a dictatorship that brutalizes its people and schemes with our enemies . " Tennessee GOP Sen. Bob Corker , who will take control of the foreign relations panel next year , said lawmakers "  will be closely examining the implications of these major policy changes in the next Congress . "	Obama move opens 2016 row over Cuba Bush , Rubio strongly oppose Cuba easing Clinton changed position and now opposes embargo
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- An internationally known Catholic priest who was shown in photographs last week embracing a bathing-suit-clad woman on a Florida beach has admitted they had a two-year affair . The Rev. Alberto Cutie was removed from his duties after pictures showed him bare-chested with a woman . The Rev. Alberto Cutie -- sometimes called "  Father Oprah " because of the advice he gave on Spanish-language media -- said Monday on CBS ' "  Early Show " that he is in love with the woman and is considering his options : Whether to break up with her or leave the priesthood and marry her . The woman , who has not been publicly identified , wants to get married , Cutie said . The priest was removed from his duties last week at St. Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach , Florida , and on the Radio Paz and Radio Peace networks . "  I take full responsibility for what I did , and I know it 's wrong , " he said Monday . The photos of the Cuban-American priest , also known as "  Padre Alberto , " appeared on the cover of last week 's TV Notas magazine and on eight inside pages . The cover says in Spanish : "  Good God ! Padre Alberto . First photos of a priest ` in flagrante ' with his lover . " Other media outlets throughout Latin America , including the official Notimex news agency in Mexico , picked up the story , and it became an Internet sensation . Cutie has millions of followers in the Spanish-speaking world . In a message posted on the Miami , Florida , archdiocese Web page last week , Archbishop John C. Favalora apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a "  scandal . " "  Father Cutie made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God , " Favalora said . "  Father Cutie 's actions can not be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest . " Cutie expressed his regret in an online statement last week and again Monday on the CBS program . "  I deeply apologize to the Catholic community and especially to my bishop and to my brother priests who are faithful and who are committed to celibacy , " Cutie said . The priest said he believes in celibacy but thinks it should be optional . He said he had never had a sexual relationship with anyone other than the woman since leaving the seminary 15 years ago . Watch Father Cutie question the celibacy requirement " "  I do n't support the breaking of the celibacy promise , " Cutie said . "  I understand fully that this is wrong . "  I do n't want to be the anti-celibacy priest . I think that 's unfortunate , " he said . "  I think it 's a debate that 's going on in our society , and now I 've become kind of a poster boy for it . But I do n't want to be that . I believe that celibacy is good , and that it 's a good commitment to God . This is something I 've struggled with . And something that I never expected to become a public debate . " He also talked about the woman , saying they have been friends for a long time and the attraction was there from early on , but it was not acted on until a couple of years ago . They have "  both struggled " with the relationship , he said . "  She 's also a woman of faith , " Cutie said . "  She 's also somebody who cares about the priesthood , who cares about these things . So it has n't been easy . And those who have helped me through this process know it has n't been easy . Obviously , you know , through the photos , it looked like a frivolous thing on the beach , you know , and that 's not what it is . It 's something deeper than that . " Cutie was the first Catholic priest to host a daily talk show on a major secular television network , his information on the LinkedIn online professional network says . In addition to his TV and radio appearances , he has written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book , "  Real Life , Real Love . " Before being removed , he was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami .	Catholic priest was removed from duties in Miami archdiocese The Rev. Alberto Cutie says he is in love with the woman , considering his options He and the woman "  both struggled " with the relationship , he said .
How bad has it gotten for embattled San Diego Mayor Bob Filner ? Even Hooters -- the restaurant chain sometimes criticized for its scantily clad waitresses -- says he 's no longer welcome . The chain 's downtown location has joined a campaign by a local radio talk-show host , who 's urging businesses to post signs in their window that declare Filner persona non grata . The signs note that the mayor "  will not be served in this establishment " and "  We believe women should be treated with respect . " In a statement posted on Twitter , the company said restaurant acted on its own . "  Our Hooters Girls in San Diego have spoken . Not a corporate gig , but we support our girls , " it read . San Diego Mayor not welcome : Photos of the Hooters sign Refusing to resign in the face of mounting allegations that he groped and made lewd comments toward numerous women , Filner is facing an effort to recall him from office . And now a city councilman wants him to answer questions about more than $ 500 in charges on his official city credit card from a downtown hotel . "  When you see statements like this , it raises the question of is city business being done or not , " Councilman Kevin Faulconer said Tuesday . CNN obtained Filner 's municipal credit-card statements from January to May . The taxpayer-paid card included charges ranging from less than $ 30 to about $ 111 at the Westgate Hotel , including one incurred on a Sunday . The Westgate is across the street from the mayor 's office . Regulars at the bar who did not want to speak on-camera told CNN that Filner was often here , usually with a different woman . Faulconer , a Republican who sits on the council 's audit committee , raised questions about other charges as well -- $ 3,000 to an online reputation-management firm , $ 128 for a juicer and a $ 30,000 trip to Paris . He said Filner has promised to reimburse the city for that trip , but there has been no proof of a refund . Secrets that women of San Diego no longer keep about its mayor The 70-year-old Filner was elected mayor of the eighth-largest American city in 2012 , after 10 terms in Congress . His accusers range from a singer at a campaign fundraiser to his former communications director , who called him unfit for office . He 's rebuffed calls to resign from all nine City Council members and from his fellow Democrats , including California 's two U.S. senators . He now faces a recall effort that is trying to gather more than 100,000 signatures needed to put his future up to a new vote , though some political observers doubt organizers can succeed . Filner issued a required response to the notice of a petition drive Tuesday , arguing that voters should weigh his administration 's push for new parks , high-tech jobs , better roads and a 2024 Olympic bid before they decide to whether they want to turn him out of office . "  Now is not the time to go backwards -- back to the time when middle-class jobs and neighborhood infrastructure were sacrificed to downtown special interests , " Filner said in a written response to a proposed recall petition . "  We need to continue to move forward ! " Did mayor target victims of military sexual assault ? But Michael Pallamary , the head of the recall effort , said Filner "  obviously believes his policy initiatives excuse his being a sexual predator . " "  His reply is unacceptable , " Pallamary said . "  San Diegans want a mayor that does n't grope and demean women , who does n't abuse his office to satisfy a perverted quest for a sense of power , and who has the ability to lead our great city -- an ability Filner can never , ever reclaim . " Filner has brought "  great shame " on the city , Pallamary said , vowing , "  We will recall him from office . " In July , Filner acknowledged that he "  failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me " and that he was "  embarrassed " by his actions . But he also said he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he will not resign . "  We have moved toward the vision of producing thousands of middle-class jobs in our port ; creating a solar-based city to enhance our environment and create jobs ; building an efficient international border to bring billions of dollars into our economy ; keeping our military and hi-tech sectors strong and vibrant , " Filner said in response to the recall petition notice . He touted new support for the arts , a five-year labor agreement with city workers and work toward bringing the summer Olympics to the city . Out of rehab , but also locked out of office The mayor entered a two-week intensive behavior therapy program on July 29 , but his attorney , James Payne , said Filner was able to complete that phase of treatment by Saturday . He 'll continue with outpatient treatment , Payne said -- but he might not be back at work in his office anytime soon . His chief of staff changed the locks , according to numerous reports , including one by CNN affiliate KFMB . And after weeks of complaints , some observers are questioning whether more should have been said about Filner 's behavior before last year 's election . "  I think there was a lot of whispering , " former state Assemblywoman Lori Saldana told CNN . "  It was a lot of things under the surface . A lot of ` boys will be boys . ' " Saldana said she brought complaints about Filner to San Diego County 's Democratic Party leader two years ago after hearing accounts of harassing behavior from six women . Nothing happened , she said . "  It was considered abusive . It was insulting at times . And I think people need to pay attention to those reports , and it did n't happen two years ago , " said Saldana , also a Democrat . Filner 's 2012 opponent , City Councilman Carl DeMaio , hinted at the issue during a mayoral debate . Video of the event shows DeMaio telling voters , "  You need a mayor who 's going to insist on zero tolerance of sexual harassment in the workplace " -- turning to look at Filner while he makes the comment . DeMaio is now running for Congress and had no comment . But his mayoral campaign featured a television spot in which an Washington airport worker who had a run-in with Filner described his actions as "  scary and hostile . " "  I deal with frustrated travelers every day , but I never came across anyone like Bob Filner , " she said . Opinion : No room for lecherous mayors	Hooters , other businesses say Bob Filner is persona non grata Filner 's official credit card bills under scrutiny amid complaints The San Diego mayor has been accused of sexually harassing numerous women Filner answers recall petition drive : "  Now is not the time to go backwards "
CNN  -- Through sports , Scott Strode was able to overcome his addiction to drugs and alcohol . He worked out in a boxing gym , got involved with triathlons and climbing , and made new friends who supported him through his transition . Encouraged by his success , Strode wanted to help others deal with their own addiction . So in 2007 , he started a nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport . Phoenix Multisport has provided free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . It offers dozens of programs every week , from casual walks and yoga to mountain biking and ice climbing . CNN asked Strode for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean for Phoenix Multisport ? Scott Strode : My hope is that sharing this story on the national stage will help Phoenix Multisport reach the angel donors that we need to support our current work and help us expand nationally . More than 23 million people over the age of 12 in the U.S. are struggling with addiction and need treatment . Of those , only about 10 % get treatment . When I got sober , I was alone and did n't know what to do . I knew I could n't go back to using or I was going to die . Finding others living a sober , healthy lifestyle and finding hope and happiness in sobriety were gifts that saved my life . I knew I had to give this gift to others . There are millions out there in the dark days of their addiction , alone , trying to figure out how to stay alive . I hope that sharing my story and the story of Phoenix Multisport does two things . First , I want those who are addicted and those who love them to know they are not alone and that there is hope . Second , everyone knows someone who has struggled with addiction . It may be your mother , cousin , friend , co-worker , admired athlete , movie star or musician , but we are all well aware of how bad things can get when addiction takes over . It is my hope that by sharing this story on the national stage , people will realize recovery is possible . Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now ! Phoenix is only in existence because of the support we receive from donors . It is my ultimate hope that this amazing opportunity allows us to reach donors who can help us create a sober active community in cities and towns across the nation . By supporting Phoenix Multisport financially , donors can make recovery possible for millions nationally and we can break the cycle of addiction so future generations do n't have to grow up under the shadow of alcoholism or drug addiction . CNN : What was the reaction when you found out you were a top 10 CNN Hero ? Strode : I was deeply moved .  Our  staff and supporters have been working so hard for several years to help build the Phoenix Multisport sober active community . Telling the successes of this story I believe will help rally other supporters around us , allowing Phoenix Multisport to reach thousands more with our programs . We  and our supporters were overjoyed by the acknowledgement of our work . So rarely is the recovery side of addiction discussed in the media , so Phoenix Multisport felt honored to share the telling of this story of recovery and hope with CNN and its audience . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Strode : Phoenix Multisport has always had the goal of having chapters in cities across the country . And with this recognition from CNN , we believe this dream will come true , allowing Phoenix 's programs to reach others battling the darkness of addiction . We believe that recovery heals individuals and families . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Strode : Phoenix Multisport prides itself on our ability to help recovering addicts and alcoholics repair their self-esteem . Many of us in recovery had our dreams stripped away during our alcohol and drug use . The Phoenix Multisport community helps give those dreams back through standing on top of mountains and crossing finish lines . We also help those in recovery let go of some of the shame associated with their addiction by wearing a Phoenix T-shirt or bike jersey . It makes a statement that "  I 'm a better person today because I 'm sober , and if you are out there struggling with addiction , we are here for you . " Read the full story on CNN Hero Scott Strode : Ex-addicts staying sober through sport More Q&A s from top 10 Heroes : ' A ray of hope ' where girls did n't count A voice for America 's caregiving kids After losing daughter , dad vows to change culture Seeking justice for Haiti 's rape victims $ 50K to help ` Kliptown kids ' rise up Changing reality for impoverished teen moms Dogs help war vets find ` new normal ' Son 's drowning spurs mom to action A lifeline for kids growing up behind bars	Scott Strode was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 His nonprofit uses exercise and sports as a way to help people beat their addictions It also provides them with a sober support group : friends who understand their struggle Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- Serving a 26-year prison sentence for the murder of her roommate , American Amanda Knox said Sunday she is scared , but determined to prove she is innocent , according to an Italian lawmaker who visited her cell . Knox , 22 , seemed very pleased by the visit , which included members of the Italy USA Foundation , said Catia Polidori , a member of the foundation and a member of the Italian Parliament . Knox is also grateful for the foundation 's interest in her case , Polidori said . "  In my opinion , in spite of the imprisonment , she seemed to be serene , " Polidori told CNN . While Knox is aware of the seriousness of her situation , Polidori said , she is "  resolute " about proving her innocence . Knox was convicted earlier this month of murdering British exchange student Meredith Kercher while the two roomed together in Perugia , Italy , in November 2007 . During her trial , Knox read a statement to jurors , insisting she is not a killer . She is appealing her conviction , although her case might not reach a court docket for at least a year . Knox told the visitors she trusts in the Italian justice system to resolve her case , Polidori said . However , she said she was scared , and that "  she is often afraid to open -LSB- the -RSB- newspaper or watch TV , " because media reports tend to undermine her confidence , Polidori said . The Italy USA Foundation "  was established to honor the friendship between Italians and Americans , " according to its Web site . "  The Foundation is an independent institution that intends to play a bipartisan role on both sides of the Atlantic and whose sole purpose is to promote friendship between Italy and the United States of America . " The foundation 's president , Rocco Girlanda , said in a statement on the Web site the delegation visited Knox in her cell in Perugia to check on her condition because of the intense U.S. interest in her case . The delegation brought Knox some English-language books as a Christmas gift , which made her "  really happy , " Polidori told CNN . Prosecutors said Kercher died during a sex game in which Knox taunted Kercher while Knox 's then-boyfriend , Raffale Sollecito , and another man , Rudy Guede , sexually assaulted her . Among the evidence against Knox was a knife found in Sollecito 's house with Knox 's DNA on the handle and Kercher 's on the blade . Knox 's attorneys attempted to cast doubt on those findings , saying the knife did not match Kercher 's wounds or a knife imprint left on a bedsheet . They also claimed the DNA sample was too small to be conclusive . Sollecito was also convicted in Kercher 's death and sentenced to 25 years . Guede was convicted earlier in a separate fast-track trial and is appealing his conviction . The verdict against Knox drew criticism from some who questioned the process . Kercher 's family , however , has said they were satisfied with the jurors ' decision . Knox said she misses her family , Polidori said . Her mother , Edda Mellas , told CNN 's Larry King earlier this month that her daughter was "  completely crushed , devastated " by the verdict against her , but she is ready to fight her conviction . Kurt Knox , Amanda Knox 's father , told CNN she had been a victim of "  character assassination . " But he said the Italian appeals process is more flexible than in the American courts , noting the appeals court could open the case for a further evaluation of evidence and new information . "  There are many Italians who have told us that , you know , worst-case scenario , the first level rarely works correctly , " Mellas told CNN , referring to the jury trial . " ` They 'll get it right in appeals , she will get out of there . ' They will not , you know , put away this innocent young girl for a crime she did n't commit . "	Delegation from Italy USA Foundation visited Amanda Knox in Italian prison Knox seemed "  serene , " denies guilt in roommate 's murder , one visitor says Delegation took her English-language books as Christmas gift Knox 's father has said he believes she 'll be freed on appeal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly half of all Americans are worried about the collapse of a bridge somewhere in the United States , yet nearly two-thirds reject higher taxes to inspect and fix them , according to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Thursday . The collapse of a bridge in Minnesota has put America 's infrastructure on the political agenda . In the poll , 52 percent were either "  very worried " or "  somewhat worried " about a bridge collapsing . Forty-seven percent were either "  not too worried " or "  not worried at all . " One percent had no opinion . But only one in three Americans are concerned that a bridge that they drive across regularly will collapse , while 69 percent are not worried . In an effect called BIMBY -- "  Better In My Back Yard " -- that is common in polling , CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said people often feel that situations locally are better than the national averages . The new numbers come eight days after an interstate highway bridge in Minneapolis , Minnesota , collapsed into the Mississippi River . At least five people were killed in the collapse . Despite the concerns , only one-third of those polled favor increasing the tax on gas to pay for bridge inspections and repairs . The federal program to inspect and repair bridges is funded mostly by the federal tax on gasoline . Sixty-five percent of those questioned were against raising that tax . "  Polls sometimes show that the public is willing to accept higher taxes to pay for popular projects , but not in this case , " Holland said . "  With the price of gasoline hovering around $ 3 , it may not be surprising that Americans do n't want to pay any more at the pump , even though they worry about bridge safety . " Several members of the House Transportation Committee are calling for the tax hike in the wake of the Interstate 35W bridge collapse in Minneapolis last week . Congressman James Oberstar , D-Minnesota , on Wednesday said he would introduce legislation for bridge repair funding and increased inspections . He says a 5-cent increase in the gas tax would pay for the proposed three-year program by generating $ 8.5 billion a year . Citing 74,000 bridges rated by the federal government as "  structurally deficient , " Oberstar told reporters "  we can not wait for another tragedy . We must , and we will , act decisively . " At a news conference Thursday morning at the White House , President Bush dismissed raising the federal gasoline tax , at least until Congress changes the way it spends highway money . "  It 's an interesting question , about how Congress spends and prioritizes highway money , " the president said . "  My suggestion would be that they revisit the process by which they spend gasoline money in the first place . " "  If bridges are a priority , let 's make sure we set that priority first and foremost , before we raise taxes , " Bush said . The poll involved telephone interviews with 1,029 American adults conducted August 6-8 , 2007 . The poll 's margin of error was plus-or-minus 3 percentage points E-mail to a friend CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Fifty-two percent of Americans worried that a bridge will collapse in the U.S. One-third feel a bridge they drive over regularly will collapse Nearly two-thirds reject higher gas taxes to inspect or repair bridges
Haifa , Israel  CNN  -- Israeli police said Friday that they suspect arson in the wildfire that has killed at least 41 people and injured 17 in northern Israel over the past two days . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld cited "  suspicious objects " found Thursday . He did not elaborate . Officials called the wildfire , which had scorched more than 7,400 acres and continued to burn , the worst in the nation 's history . A police investigative team and a fire expert team have been working to determine the cause of the fire , which started from a single location , said Dudi Cohen , Israeli police commissioner . Forty of the fatalities were cadets in Israel 's prison service who were en route Thursday to help evacuate 500 inmates from Damon prison near Haifa when their bus became engulfed in the fast-moving blaze , the Jerusalem Post reported . "  The bus had no chance ; they tried to escape but were burned alive , " a firefighter spokesman told the newspaper . "  It was a horrific scene . " Eight funerals were held Friday and several bodies were still being identified , the Jerusalem Post reported . Israeli firefighter spokesman Yoram Levy said shifting 29 kph  18 mph  winds made the inferno harder to control as flames neared a neighborhood in Haifa , a major tourist destination on the northern coast . Built on the slopes of Mount Carmel about 50 miles north of Tel Aviv , Haifa 's metropolitan area is also host to historical sites that date to Biblical times . More than 15,000 people have been evacuated from villages and towns in the area , emergency officials said . The fire has also threatened a sensitive ecological area near the Hai Bar nature reserve . Known as Mount Carmel 's "  Little Switzerland , " the reserve is home to a wildlife preservation project that seeks to bring back native species mentioned in the Old Testament . The fire , which began Thursday morning on Mount Carmel and spread through nearby areas , has triggered an outcry in Israel . Though the nation is known for its military might , it has failed to handle the calamity , according to critics . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu acknowledged Friday during a Security Cabinet briefing that Israel could not cope with the wildfire alone and thanked the more than 13 nations sending emergency crews and equipment to help douse the blaze . During a visit to victims in a hospital in Haifa , most of which was blanketed in smoke , Netanyahu said Russian planes were the latest addition to the international force aiding Israel . Russia 's ITAR-Tass news agency reported that an II-76 plane capable of holding 42 tons of water , an amphibious BE-200 and an Mi-26 transport helicopter also used for fighting fires were scheduled to fly to Israel . "  On the way here , we flew over Carmel , where we heard and saw the Greek aircraft fighting the fire , " Netanyahu said . "  I very much appreciate the mobilization of many countries . " Netanyahu talked Friday with U.S. President Barack Obama , who said in a statement that officials from the two nations have been "  in near-constant contact since the fires began . " Chemicals to suppress the flames -- including 45 metric tons of fire retardant and 12,000 liters of foam -- will arrive this weekend through the U.S. Agency for International Development , that agency said , with teams of U.S.-based firefighting specialists also on their way . Additionally , a U.S. military official said that Israel has asked for satellite imagery from the U.S. military , as well as planes to carry water and flame retardants . Israeli fire crews were also aided by Cyprus , England and Turkey , among others . Relations between Turkey and Israel have been tense since last spring , when Israeli commandos boarded a Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for Gaza , killing nine people . "  This is a very blessed step that the prime minister of Turkey has decided to take , " Netanyahu told reporters about Turkey 's help . "  I appreciate this much in a time of a humanitarian and ecological crisis . We will find ways to show our appreciation . " CNN 's Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. and Israeli officials have been in "  near-constant contact , " President Obama says 40 people died when their bus was engulfed in flames , a newspaper reports "  Suspicious articles " have led police to suspect arson At least 41 people have been killed
CNN  Elizabeth Warren 's populist supporters are finding inspiration from an unlikely source : Antonio Weiss . Weiss , the head of investment banking at Lazard and President Barack Obama 's pick for a top spot at the Treasury Department , was forced to withdraw his nomination last month after facing an onslaught of public opposition led by Warren , the popular liberal Massachusetts senator . If this was a remarkable defeat for the Obama administration , it was a moment of glowing achievement for some of Warren 's fiercest backers , including Wall Street reform advocates and progressive grassroots leaders who aggressively criticized Weiss 's work at Lazard . Emboldened by their successful thwarting of his nomination and Warren 's growing clout , liberal activists are energized about their role in Washington this year . Despite Democrats being relegated to minority status in the House and Senate , these groups still think they can make a big splash . They 're preparing to publicly clash with the administration on future presidential nominees and big-ticket items such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal . They 're also looking to pressure Obama to take a tougher stance on expansion of overtime pay and developing stricter rules for brokers on Wall Street . By simultaneously mobilizing supporters from the ground up and seizing on Warren 's rise in national politics , the Massachusetts senator 's backers are determined to make Weiss just the first of many casualties . "  This was a really important part of us building momentum against the Wall Street wing of the Democratic Party and really supporting the Warren wing , " said Charles Chamberlain , executive director of Democracy for America . "  What was exciting about Antonio Weiss is we took our first victim . " The monthslong crusade against Weiss captured how progressive activists are using Warren 's star power to elevate their core issues . Warren is the subject of persistent rumors that she 'll run for president in 2016 . She insists she 's not running for higher office , but her stature among progressives is immense . After Obama nominated Weiss , 48 , to be Treasury 's undersecretary for domestic finance in November , groups such as MoveOn , Democracy for America and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee quickly mobilized . They blasted out emails to supporters , launched online petitions and took to social media to oppose Weiss 's nomination . Their single most important tool for mobilizing mass support ? Warren . Progressive groups did n't just call on supporters to oppose Weiss ; instead , they insisted that protesting his nomination was a way of showing solidarity with Warren . "  Stand with Elizabeth Warren and say no to a Wall Street banker for Treasury undersecretary , " read a MoveOn petition against Weiss 's nomination , which garnered more than 30,000 signatures . Democracy for America urged its members to call the White House and say no to the Weiss nomination -- not just because Weiss was too friendly with Wall Street , but because blocking his nomination was an important mission for Warren . "  Sen. Warren is leading the charge against the nomination of Antonio Weiss , " the group said . "  She needs your help to stop him . " It was n't a complete victory -- when he eventually withdrew his nomination last month , Weiss was offered the role of adviser to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew . But for Warren 's supporters , sinking Weiss 's nomination was validation of the progressive movement 's sway in Washington . It was also proof of how much Warren 's popularity with voters can help maximize the progressive wing 's influence . A Warren spokesperson declined to comment for this story . With the 2016 presidential election looming , liberal activists are eager to piggyback on the continuing buzz about a Warren White House bid and make the senator a mascot for some of their top policy and legislative priorities . For starters , they are prepared to sound the alarm if another presidential nominee does n't meet their approval . The Federal Reserve 's Board of Governors has one vacancy in need of a nomination , and it 's unclear when the administration plans to nominate someone new for the undersecretary for domestic finance role . If the administration were to handpick another nominee perceived as being too close to Wall Street , financial reform groups can expect to have a powerful ally on their side : community banks . Cam Fine , the CEO of the Independent Community Bankers of America who opposed Weiss 's nomination , said his group 's view is simple : "  We do n't want all the nominees to be straight out of Wall Street . " "  We 're looking for nominees that have experience with midsized and smaller institutions , " Fine said . "  The litmus test is : How well rounded are those nominees ? " Progressive groups are also taking issue with one of the President 's top priorities for his final years in office : the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a huge trade agreement proposal between the United States and 11 countries . Groups such as MoveOn have opposed these talks , taking issue with what they say are "  secret " negotiations and the unfair advantages that large corporations would reap from the pact . Warren agrees . "  To protect consumers and to address sources of systemic financial risk , Congress must maintain the flexibility to impose restrictions on harmful financial products and on the conduct or structure of financial firms . We would oppose including provisions in the TPP that would limit that flexibility , " the senator wrote in a letter to U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman in December . Liberal activists also have their sights set on unilateral actions the Obama administration could take and bypass the GOP-controlled Congress , such as expanding overtime pay and creating stricter oversight of Wall Street brokers . On both of these issues , they also have the support of their favorite Democratic senator . "  Our members love her , " said Anna Galland , executive director of civic action at MoveOn.org .	The progressive wing of the Democratic Party feels like Sen. Warren has muscle to flex Being able to thwart President Obama 's Treasury nominee has emboldened them Progressives take issue with one of Obama 's high priorities : the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Tokyo  CNN  -- A power company apologized Saturday and said the exposure of three workers at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant to highly radioactive water might have been avoided with better communication . The Thursday incident has spurred questions about the source of the radioactive contamination in water , its potential to taint seawater nearby and the prospect it might be evidence of a leak in at least one of the facility 's six reactor cores . It also prompted further criticism of the Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which runs the plant , and how well it is safeguarding the nearly 500 people working to prevent more emission of potentially cancerous radioactive materials about two weeks after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami rocked the facility . On March 24 , three workers laying electrical cable in the turbine building of the No. 3 reactor stepped in tainted water , exposing themselves to high levels of radiation . Two suffered direct exposure on their skin . Hideyuki Koyama , the company 's associate director , said pooled water had been discovered in the basement of the No. 1 reactor six days earlier , but a sample was n't taken for analysis until the 24th , after the workers were exposed . The company started draining the water from the No. 1 reactor that evening and has continued draining it ever since , he said . Plans are also in the works to drain water from the No. 2 and No. 3 reactors . Such incidents threatened to undermine the public 's trust in Tokyo Electric , Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters . He added the Japanese government "  would like to give stronger instructions " to the company that it fully disclose as much information as possible about conditions at the plant . "  Every piece of information must be provided accurately and swiftly " to Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency , Edano said . "  Without this communication , it 's very difficult for the government to  establish  proper safety measures . " As important , the chief secretary said , was the need for Tokyo Electric to be upfront with the Japanese -- millions of whom get power from the company and millions more of whom have been affected by radioactive emissions stemming from the crisis . "  We need to be sure that  Tokyo Electric  is n't going to act in a way that will create distrust , " Edano said . Koyama told reporters that radiation alarms went off while the three men were working , but they continued with their mission for 40 to 50 minutes after assuming it was a false alarm . Later , they were hospitalized after it was determined they had been exposed to 173 to 181 millisieverts of radiation -- two of them with direct exposure on their skin . By comparison , a person in an industrialized country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts per year , though Japan 's health ministry has said that those working directly to avert the nuclear crisis could be exposed to as much as 250 millisieverts before they must leave the site . Hours before the apology , a Tokyo Electric official told reporters that water samples from the turbine buildings for the No. 1 and 2 reactors had high levels of radiation , though not as high as in the basement of the No. 3 building . Later Saturday , Tokyo Electric amended its assessment of the level of radiation in water in the No. 1 building , saying it was not nearly as dangerous as first reported . The water radiation levels were 60 millisieverts per hour -- compared to 200 , as had been stated earlier -- while atmospheric radiation was 25 millisieverts per hour . The issue of possible leakage of such material gained urgency Saturday after Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency reported the amount of radioactive iodine in seawater recorded 330 meters  361 yards  from the plant was 1,250 times above normal . A Tokyo Electric official speculated water runoff or leakage from the turbine buildings may have caused the sudden increase , though he said other factors might have contributed as well . Friday , Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said the contaminated water suggests "  some sort of leakage " from the No. 3 reactor 's core -- signaling a possible breach of the containment vessel that houses the core . These developments come despite indications from the International Atomic Energy Agency that the level of airborne radiation around the plant , which is 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , "  continues to decrease . " Tokyo Electric reported on its website that at 7 a.m. Saturday , radiation at the plant 's main gate was 0.219 millisieverts per hour -- a fraction of the 400 millisieverts per hour measured between Units 3 and 4 on March 15 . The measurements are a significant drop from readings taken at the same gate over the past week . The presence of highly radioactive water in buildings at reactors Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 has halted some efforts to curb the release of further emissions . Still , others continued and there have been recent signs of progress . "  We can comfortably say that we are taking measures so that the situation has not deteriorated , " Edano said . "  We 've been able to take some steps forward . But still , vigilance is required . " Fresh water was being pumped Saturday at reactors 1 , 2 and 3 . That replaced the seawater that had previously been used , with the aim of fresh water being simultaneously to cool down nuclear fuel and also flush out accumulating salt that might hinder the reactors ' existing cooling systems . The No. 3 reactor has been of particular concern , experts have said , because it is the only one to use a combination of uranium and plutonium fuel , called MOX , considered more dangerous than the pure uranium fuel used in other reactors . The Japan Atomic Industrial Forum , an industry trade group that is tracking official accounts of the effort at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , said the pressure of the No. 3 reactor 's containment vessel has been upgraded to "  stable . " Whereas the group had stated Friday that damage was suspected in the reactor , on Saturday its assessment changed to "  unknown " -- a further acknowledgment of uncertainty as to whether the contaminated water was the result of a leak in the nuclear reactor core or had some other cause . Efforts also continue at the No. 4 , 5 and 6 reactors -- each of which has less pronounced concerns because the units were on scheduled outages when the quake struck . None of these three units had nuclear fuel inside their reactors , though efforts are ongoing to control temperatures inside the spent fuel pools . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report	A Tokyo Electric official apologizes for poor communication on tainted water A Japanese official says the company must share info to keep public 's trust Fresh water , not seawater , is being pumped into reactors 1 , 2 and 3
CNN  -- When the U.S. economy collapsed , millions of us lost our homes , our jobs , our retirement savings and our faith in the American dream . What we gained was a very clear view of the vast -- and growing -- divide between the rich and the rest of us . Like many hardworking Americans earning minimum wage , Margaret Lewis knows firsthand what it 's like to live on the edge . She works as a transporter for passengers with disabilities at O'Hare International Airport . She wakes up at 1 a.m. to go to work , and spends the early morning hours pushing wheelchairs to gates and helping travelers on and off planes . With tips , and Illinois ' minimum wage -- which is $ 1 above the federal minimum wage of $ 7.25 an hour -- Margaret makes about $ 18,000 a year , or $ 10,000 below the federal poverty limit for a household of five . Margaret lives with her four school-age children in a three-bedroom apartment on Chicago 's South Side . Two recent shootings on her block make her fear for her children 's safety , but she can not afford to move . Margaret is unable to pay the $ 850 per month rent , so she and her family perform janitorial tasks for the landlord to make ends meet . The children 's clothing is all secondhand , Margaret uses food stamps to make sure everyone is fed and when it is time to buy shoes for school , she has to save an entire paycheck . Tuesday marked the third anniversary of the last increase in the federal minimum wage . For the last three years , while the prices of gas and milk have risen steadily and the richest 1 % have enjoyed huge tax breaks , the federal minimum wage has remained frozen at $ 7.25 an hour , which amounts to just $ 15,080 a year -- as long as you get paid for any time you take off . That 's more than $ 7,000 below the federal poverty line for a family of four . As a result , the purchasing power of the minimum wage has slowly eroded -- in just three years , its real value has sunk to $ 6.77 per hour , a nearly 50-cent drop . The Bush tax cuts , which are simply the perquisite of the moment for the 1 % , allow for the richest to prosper at the expense of middle-class and low-income workers . While CEOs make millions and their corporations make billions as part of a so-called economic recovery , the majority of Americans are struggling to make ends meet . This struggle is exacerbated by the low federal minimum wage . As middle-class jobs are increasingly replaced by low-wage work , however , this is the economic reality for a growing number of Americans . Unless Congress raises the federal minimum wage , economic security for workers in low-wage jobs , the fastest-growing sector , will disappear . It is incumbent on members of Congress to raise the federal minimum wage and index it to inflation , putting more money into the pockets of ordinary Americans to boost our economy and aid a real , long-term recovery . The Rebuild America Act has been introduced in both the House and the Senate to do just that , while also raising the federal minimum wage for tipped workers , which has been a meager $ 2.13 since 1991 . The Fair Minimum Wage Act , not yet introduced , is also a call for a more decent wage . Support for these bills is support for an economic recovery that extends to all Americans . This legislation could make a difference for Bruce Gross , a father of three in Baltimore . He worked as a sandblaster , supporting his wife , their twin boys , daughter and two nephews , until the economy crashed . Now , Bruce makes $ 7.36 an hour as a telemarketer . Bruce 's wife is sick and unable to work , leaving him as the sole breadwinner . Bruce estimates he brings home about $ 200 every other week and his bills are more than double that . Bruce and his family recently sat in the dark for a few days because he had to choose between paying his electric bill and buying groceries . When things got really rough , Bruce asked neighbors if they could spare a few slices of bread and some cheese for sandwiches . He is heartbroken that he is unable to provide even basic necessities , like food and school supplies , for his children . People who work for a living should be able to make a living from their work . Low-wage workers should not have to scrape by , while many of the companies they work for are making more money now than they were three years ago . The federal minimum wage has n't kept up with inflation , but CEO pay has risen 725 % over the last 30 years and 80 % of all real income growth has gone to the richest 1 % of Americans . The real value of the minimum wage peaked in 1968 . Had it kept pace with rising living costs , the minimum wage would exceed $ 10.50 per hour today . Meanwhile , the U.S. economy has been reorganizing over the past 30 years away from middle-wage jobs in manufacturing and construction and toward low-paying jobs in the rapidly expanding service , retail and restaurant industries . We have little reason to expect large corporations that are the principal employers of low-wage workers to voluntarily offer higher pay ; rock bottom wages are a core profit-making strategy for retail giants and fast food chains . Nor does reality match the myth that prosperity at the top will eventually "  trickle down " to workers at the bottom : corporate profits are at their highest level as a share of GDP , and wages at their lowest , since the 1950s . Neither facts nor common sense support a federal minimum wage stuck at $ 7.25 . It was n't low-wage workers who crashed the economy . It was not a raise for these workers , but rather an unquenchable thirst for profit , that led to Wall Street 's disastrous game of financial Russian roulette . Why , then , should low-wage workers pay the price ? How high must profits go before a modest wage increase is n't raised as a specter of impending corporate doom ? It 's easy to exploit such fears in this economic climate , but these tired old canards -- trotted out in every minimum wage fight -- are just an excuse for political inaction and continued corporate greed . The bottom line is that people who work for a living put their money right back into our economy . What business in this country needs right now is customers and too many hardworking Americans are n't making enough money to get by . If we raise the federal minimum wage and demand the 1 % pay their fair share to reduce income inequality , we will boost our economy , help small business grow and create jobs .	Writers : Working at minimum wage , Americans ca n't keep families fed and clothed As prices rise , they say , federal minimum wage stays at $ 7.25 an hour , or $ 15,080 a year Writers : As CEOs , corporations profit , middle-class jobs lost to low-wage work Writers : Minimum wage hike would help struggling Americans
CNN  -- Poland has been firmly in Ukraine 's corner in recent years , which is quite a shift given that the two nations were historically rivals . It seems odd to cheer for a nation whose ancestors tried to kill my mother and destroyed my father 's house , but I do . That 's because like Poles , Ukrainians suffered greatly under Moscow 's oppression , so nothing would please me more than to see Ukraine shake the Kremlin 's grip to enjoy freedom and prosperity . Last summer , I visited Rivne and Lviv , Ukraine , hometowns of my mother and father . They were Polish towns , Rowne and Lwow , in 1939 before Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland and changed the map . The word Ukraine means "  borderland , " as this area changed hands many times among Austria , Poland and Russia before an independent Ukraine was established in 1991 . In the battles over these fertile lands , Ukrainians , Jews , Poles and others faced the horrors of the Stalin-engineered Holodomor famine , the Holocaust , the Volhynia massacre and other bloodbaths . Both sides of my family endured these atrocities and their estates were destroyed . My mother was 11 in 1939 when she watched from a hilltop cemetery in Rowne as German fighter planes bombed her house to the ground . She moved in with relatives in a village called Mizocz , where she saw German soldiers march the Jews out of town . They were taken to a ravine and shot . When Germany started losing the war , Christian Orthodox Ukrainian nationalists murdered Polish Catholics and took their property . My mother escaped the massacre by hiding in an outhouse pit covered in feces and leaves . Trying to flee west , the Nazis forced her into slave labor clearing dead bodies and collecting scrap metal after Allied bombing raids . In July , carrying addresses and a map from 1939 , my friend Marek and I traveled to Rivne to find our roots . The countryside was abundant with wheat fields and bright sunflowers . The town was full of weeping willows and apricot trees , just as my mother had described . My family 's restaurant was gone , but I recognized the church from old photos . The Communists removed the steeple and turned it into a cultural center . A new house is being constructed where my grandparents ' house used to be . Marek had more luck finding his family 's house and with a huge smile , he picked apricots from a tree out front . While enjoying the fresh fruit , we walked up the hill to find the spot where my mother watched the bombing of her house and to see whether any tombstones had our families ' names on them . We climbed the old steps and found remains of a wrought iron cemetery fence , but the graveyard was gone . The 1939 map clearly marked sections of Catholic , Jewish and Christian Orthodox graves . The tombstones were missing , replaced by a playground . A chill came over me watching children kicking around a soccer ball , unaware of the bones buried beneath the rickety gymnastics bars and playground . Opinion : Putin 's Ukrainian endgame We later found an article on a Ukrainian website , revealing that in the 1970s the Soviets used the tombstones in the construction of a school and a Communist committee building . The article decried the "  sinful deeds of our predecessors " and the "  heartless barbaric " act of demolishing the cemeteries . The next day , we left for Lviv , 130 miles away , where my ancestral home was on Green Street on a hill overlooking the historic city , which was then Polish and called Lwow . My father was 17 , too young to join the army when Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland , but he and his Boy Scout troop blew up a bridge as a Russian army transport was crossing . This act of sabotage against the invading army caused a backlash against his family . He returned home late one night to find the lights on . He peered through the window at Russian soldiers waiting for him in the kitchen . My grandfather was in custody , and the soldiers were drinking his vodka . He never saw his parents , or Lwow , again . My father fled to Romania where the Polish underground sent him to France to enlist in the French army to fight Nazi Germany . When France fell , he was evacuated to England , and later took part in the Normandy invasion as a motorcycle scout for a tank unit . The house on Green Street was demolished by the Soviets out of spite . The Ukrainians built a soccer stadium in its place , on a hill overlooking the town . I found the stadium and noticed a vegetable garden past some bushes and trees . Beyond the trees was an old red brick villa , just as my father had described . I went closer to take photos . It had seen better days , but it was clearly an upscale residence when first built . An old man emerged from a shed and said , "  What are you looking for ? " He was carrying a rake made from a tree branch and twigs fastened with twine . I explained that his brick house looked similar to my father 's , which was demolished by the Soviets . He said , "  Yes , there was another house just like this one . But when I moved here 60 years ago , it had already been knocked down . All that was left was a pile of bricks . The Communists did not like the people who lived there . " Opinion : A divided Ukraine ? Think again The old man said the bricks were used to make a kiln to build the stadium . Everyone in town , including him , was forced to work on the project . The mystery of my father 's house had been solved . Pulling Ukrainian money from my pocket , I offered it to the old man and said he should buy himself a drink on me . Insulted , he pushed my hand away and said , "  No . I did not tell you this because I want something from you . I told you this because you should know what happened to your father 's house . " We nodded politely , and he went back to raking grass to feed to his goats . I took pictures of the stadium and noticed that off to one side , was an old kiln made out of aged red bricks , bricks from my father 's house , just as the old man had said . Part of the kiln was crumbling , so I took one of the bricks with me . It 's sitting on my desk as I write this . Today , Ukraine is still a borderland between a free Western Europe and an authoritarian Russia . My parent 's hometowns are part of Ukraine now , and the people who live there deserve the peace , prosperity and freedom that Poland and other countries achieved after breaking from the Kremlin 's orbit . Yes , I 'm cheering for Ukraine . But looking at this brick from my father 's house that was used to build the stadium , somehow it 's hard to root for Lviv 's soccer club , even if it is technically my home team . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Storozynski .	Alex Storozynski roots for Ukraine despite the suffering of his family there In battles over the "  borderland , " Ukrainians , Jews , Poles and others lived through horrors His mom saw massacres , worked as slave labor ; Soviets razed father 's house On a trip to Ukraine , he searches for his ancestral home and finds much has been lost
CNN  -- Henry Linder did try to give up the shoe repair business once . It was 1991 , and he was about to turn 72 . He figured he was ready to stop fixing footwear and spend more time in the yard . That lasted about three months . Linder and his wife were on Social Security and needed a little extra income -- but mostly , he missed his customers . Now , at 93 , this gentle craftsman with a thick Southern accent , a faded blue apron and a gift for gab is still charming customers in the shop behind his home in Landrum , South Carolina . Linder is a beloved fixture of Landrum , a town of 2,400 people in the Blue Ridge Mountains between Spartanburg , South Carolina , and Asheville , North Carolina . He has been featured in countless local newspaper stories and was the grand marshal of the town 's 2008 Christmas parade . "  I make other people happy , or I think I do -- they say I do , " Linder said in an interview with CNN this week . "  People want to know when I 'm going to quit , I say when my toes are turned up . " After learning about Linder years ago , a local filmmaker thought the cobbler deserved a little more recognition . He was n't alone . Erik Olsen 's 2012 short documentary about Linder , "  The Shoe Cobbler , " won the Community Choice award in the 3rd Annual iReport Awards announced Tuesday . The three-minute film was picked by audience votes from among 36 nominees in six categories of audience storytelling . Seven winners , seven stories : Meet the 2013 iReport Awards recipients "  This was a wonderful look of what America can be at its best , " one viewer wrote . "  We need more Mr. Linders in our society . " Linder , who does n't own a computer , is a little baffled by the attention . "  I guess people are just interested in me . I 'm thankful for that , " Linder said . "  I guess they think it 's pretty fascinating to be an old man still fixing shoes . " When Olsen made the film , he said he felt he needed to share Linder 's story before it was too late . "  The fact that he 's still on his feet ... his attitude about people and business is just so uplifting , " said Olsen , a former news photographer for a couple of ABC affiliates in North Carolina . He went into the shop one day , asked for an interview , and edited the piece that night . Linder was 17 when he first started repairing shoes during the Great Depression . Horseback riders make up much of his business , but over the years , he has given new life to all types of leather products , including children 's baseball gloves , handbags and even a lady 's corset  that was probably his oddest request , he says  . Best of the Web ? We think so In the late '60s , he made a pair of shoes from scratch for a crippled child with clubfeet who walked on the sides of his feet . He used modeling clay to make molds of the child 's feet and then chilled the molds in the refrigerator so he could stretch the leather over them . "  I can still remember the molds sitting in the fridge , " said Linder 's youngest son , Tim Linder . "  There were n't as many resources to help such children like there are today . " His customers know Linder as the guy who can "  renew the hopeless loafers and make your old favorite live again with a shine , " said Tommy Lytle , a health care executive and longtime customer from nearby Tryon , South Carolina . He 's had Linder fix several pairs of Weejuns and Cole Haan loafers and boat shoes . "  I always say ` Wow ! ' by reflex when I get mine back . You would too , " Lytle said . But even if Linder had quit fixing shoes years ago , Lytle said , it would still be worth the trip into Linder 's Shoe Service to see the owner grinning . A few other facts about Linder : He prefers apple cobbler to peach  with vanilla ice cream  , and he really is as sweet as he seems , according to Tim . He himself owns five pairs of shoes , favoring those made by Bostonian and Allen Edmonds , which he says are "  about the best you can get . " The cobbler business is n't what it used to be . With shoes made more cheaply , most people would rather buy a new pair than pay $ 45 for a new set of heels and soles . That 's one of the reasons Linder 's son , who worked alongside him for a few years after high school , did n't follow him into the business . But horseback riders and other loyal customers give Linder a steady business , enough to keep the shop open three days a week . He also looks after an older son with disabilities . Both those endeavors helped keep him going after the death in 2001 of his wife , whom he cared for until she died , Tim said . Linder is hard of hearing now , and slower on his feet ; but if you go into the shop , he still greets you with a cheerful smile , asks where you 're from and tries to figure out if he knows your relatives . He 's always loved to talk . "  I 've made more friends than I 've made money , I imagine , " he told a reporter once . "  I 've got the nicest customers in the world . "	South Carolina cobbler Henry Linder has been fixing shoes for 76 years At 93 , he says he 'll stop "  when my toes are turned up " Filmmaker Erik Olsen 's profile of Linder received the 2013 iReport Community Choice Award
CNN  -- The CW 's '80s - set "  Sex and the City " prequel does n't premiere until January , but series star AnnaSophia Robb has already proved she 's every bit as stylish as her character . Robb , who plays teenager Carrie Bradshaw on "  The Carrie Diaries , " said New York Fashion Week "  was an incredible introduction to the fashion world , " as she prepares to fill the iconic character 's Manolos . Despite a shared emphasis on fashion , however , Robb said the show is very different from "  Sex and the City , " which featured Sarah Jessica Parker as Bradshaw for six seasons and two films . Fashions from ` The Vampire Diaries ' For some fans of the HBO series , that 'll be evident upon meeting Carrie 's younger sister Dorrit , played by 14-year-old Stefania Owen . "  The stuff with Dorrit is always so much fun ... for me because I do n't have siblings so it 's kind of nice to just pretend , " Robb said . The actress said she 's known her on-screen sister and her family since filming 2007 's "  Bridge to Terabithia " in New Zealand with Owen 's sister Carly . Outfitting ` Gossip Girl ' "  Owen 's  wardrobe on the show is so much fun , " Robb said . "  It 's so different from Carrie 's . She wears these fantastic creepers , which I never knew existed . " Costume designer Eric Daman , who has worked on "  Sex and the City " and "  Gossip Girl , " outfits the characters in the new series with "  neon and big poofy skirts and shoulder pads , " Robb said . "  It will be a very colorful show . " Of course it helps that some of the trends from the '80s are back in style now . Styles from ` Scandal ' "  Eric , when we were filming , he was going , ` Oh it 's so fantastic that everything that 's emerging is very '80s ' because it 's easy for them to pull clothes , " Robb said . "  They have to dress all the background ... and the city . So to be able to have those resources is awesome . " One specific piece viewers can look out for on the show is the "  Carrie bag . " Carrie 's purse is a really important piece , Robb said , noting that there 's a chance similar bags will be available to the public one day . Inside the closet for ` Pretty Little Liars ' "  I hope so , " she said . "  I love it . I do n't have one , but one of the producers does . " Robb 's character has , however , influenced the actress ' personal style in other ways . "  I 'm becoming a little more bold with what I wear , " she said , adding , she 's learning "  just to have more fun . Fashion is an expression of yourself . " Designing for ` Revenge '	The CW 's '80s - set "  Sex and the City " prequel premieres in January Costume designer Eric Daman has worked on "  Sex and the City " and "  Gossip Girl " Carrie 's purse , referred to as her "  Carrie bag , " is a really important piece , Robb said
CNN  It was a sophisticated attack with sophisticated devices . Authorities quickly identified the Boston bombing suspects , but almost immediately after Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed during the manhunt for the perpetrators and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured , investigators privately questioned if more people were involved . If there were others , perhaps a bomb maker is on the loose . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told police he and his brother built the bombs , but court documents show some people involved in the case had their doubts . The bombs were described as powerful pressure-cooker explosives controlled remotely . There were fuses from Christmas lights and detonators constructed from model car parts . The twin bombings in April 2013 killed three people and wounded more than 250 others . "  These relatively sophisticated devices would have been difficult for the Tsarnaevs to fabricate successfully without training or assistance from others , " prosecutors wrote in a filing opposing a move by Tsarnaev 's lawyer to throw out statements he made in the hospital . Two years after the attack Michael Marks , a former special agent for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , agrees on the technical aspects of the bombs . "  These were two relatively sophisticated devices that went off almost simultaneously . They had a very , very short delay , " he said . "  It would be my opinion that they had somebody who was more of a skilled bomb maker , an engineer if you will , assist them in saying these are the steps you need to go through and then assemble the device to make it safely and to make it function the way they want . " They were the kind of bombs that need testing to make sure they work the way you expect . "  There has been no evidence that the two brothers actually tested and tried out making a bomb and detonating it , " CNN National Security Analyst Juliette Kayyem said . "  Now it could be luck that they put this thing together , put it at the Boston Marathon finish line , and were able to detonate them so close to each other and sequentially . But it was a pretty sophisticated attack . " Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told FBI agents he and his brother built the bombs following instructions from al Qaeda 's Inspire magazine . No one has been publicly named as a possible co-conspirator . Investigators have focused on Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's suspected ties to militants . In 2012 the older Tsarnaev spent six months in Russia . Authorities have questioned how much exposure he may have had to radicals and whether he could have received training there . There are other clues that the brothers would have needed help with the bombs . There was n't trace evidence -- black powder from fireworks -- found in either home , their cars or anywhere associated with them , the court documents said . Also , investigators apparently were troubled that they recovered one remote-controlled detonator at the scene of the bombings when there should have been two . That suggested the other was being kept to use with other bombs . Marks said investigators did n't find circuit testers . "  You want a separate circuit tester in order to test the functionality of the components without it being hooked up to the actual device , for your own safety , " he said . The trial underway in Boston will center on not whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev did it , but why he did it . The prosecution will paint a portrait of a cruel co-conspirator , an equal partner in hideous crimes . A man who planned to kill and did . But the defense will draw the accused as a boy living in the shadow of a mastermind older brother . Younger , struggling in school , abandoned by his parents . An easy victim of deep manipulation . The question of how he was influenced is essential to the case . Kayyem , who said she believes the brothers acted in tandem without outside help , said she think the defense strategy will be to create enough doubt within the jurors ' minds of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's mental state leading into this . "  So this idea that there might be some evil hand out there telling Dzhokhar what to do -- whether it 's his brother or someone who 's a bomb maker -- fits nicely into that narrative , " she said .	Investigators have always wondered if more people were involved in the bombings than just the brothers Former Navy investigator : I think "  they had somebody who was more of a skilled bomb maker . . assist them " There was no evidence the brothers ever tested their bombs before using them , CNN analyst says
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose forthcoming book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Police tape surrounds the scene of a shooting in southern Alabama on Wednesday . CNN  -- Carnage in Germany , carnage in Alabama , and one of the most saddening aspects of the killings is this : The impulse to ask "  why , " while present , seems somehow muted . There will be a search for answers -- why did Michael K. McLendon , the gunman in the American South , murder 10 people , why did Tim Kretschmer , the gunman in the German South , murder 15 people -- but even when a tentative answer is arrived upon , it almost certainly wo n't mean much . Because the real answer we 're searching for -- the answer that will stop these bursts of bloodshed -- seems destined to ever elude us . There is always an impulse to blame obscene killing sprees on outside stimuli . In the years just after World War II , comic books were cited as an incitement for young people to harm each other . Violent television programs were subsequently blamed , as video games sometimes are today . The connective theory has long been : if society desensitizes people to violence , if violence becomes a commodity , then it will proliferate . If people are passively taught that violence is everywhere , then violence will sprout , if not everywhere , then many wheres . But to place the brunt of the blame for this on outside forces is to duck a truth that we are understandably reluctant to face : the impulse to murder without remorse seems to be , in some people , almost like a learned language , deriving from somewhere deep and difficult to find . Thankfully , it remains relatively rare , although during weeks like this one it is not easy to take much comfort in that . Yet with each new torrent of killings , with each new demonstration that , to some among us , the idea of spreading heartache and horror is not only acceptable , but attractive ... With each new demonstration of that , we find ourselves once again looking for lessons , in a search that can seem perpetually futile . Are the gunmen in cases like these out to make a name for themselves ? If so , they are ordained to fail ; there was a time when multiple , random murders were enough to give the perpetrators such notoriety that their names became catchphrases . Charlie Starkweather , whose name means nothing to most people today , had more than one movie made about him after his killing spree on the American Plains in the 1950s . There was a time when we could ascribe , to people who murdered without mercy , a dark desire for the worst kind of fame . But that 's gone . Those names you read in the second paragraph of this story -- Michael McLendon , Tim Kretschmer -- may be freshly in the news today , but you will have forgotten them in a month or two . That 's one more numbing sign of just how ordinary extraordinary violence has become : the names fail to stick . The protagonists are interchangeable . How to stop this ? There has long been a debate over whether the death penalty is a deterrent to murder , but this week the murderers themselves are both dead , and almost certainly they considered that probability before they set out to kill . The learned language of violence seems to contain a concession , on the part of those who absorb it , that their acts may very well conclude with their own dying -- and that the price , in their minds , is acceptable , even , perhaps , sought . Which may be the most chilling lesson of all . Because if even death for those who do it is not enough to stop the profane slaughters around the globe , then our impotence in the face of this feels all the more profound . Whatever our need may be to grasp for answers , the killers , by dying on the day they kill , deny us the chance for even that scant solace . It 's the ultimate taunt ; it is as if they are saying : You want to know why ? You 'll never know . Which leaves us with only one certainty : Before long -- in a matter of days , or weeks , or months -- we 'll be asking these questions again . The names will change ; the specks on the map will be different . But somewhere , someone who has learned the wordless language of spreading hurt and grief will do this once more , and we will pause anew in our daily lives to wonder what has become of us . And feel all the more empty at the silence that greets our question . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : The real reason mass murderers kill people is elusive He asks whether outside influences play a role in inciting violence Greene : These days , killers seeking lasting fame seem destined to fail He says killers who commit suicide prevent us from knowing their motives
CNN  -- Four days after Haiti 's massive earthquake , efforts are under way to bury the dead as thousands of bodies crumpled in the streets of Port-au-Prince lay exposed to the sun or draped in sheets and cardboard . Throughout the city , people covered their noses from the stench and some resorted to face masks . CNN correspondents in Haiti reported efforts to remove the bodies , including the creation of a mass grave . It 's still unclear how many people have been killed in Tuesday 's earthquake ; the prime minister suggested there could be several hundreds of thousands . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , reporting Friday from a mass grave on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince , described seeing hundreds of bodies mixed with garbage in open pits . Some bodies were bulldozed into the half-filled pits . "  These people will vanish , " Cooper said in a phone report . "  No one will know what happened to them . That 's one of the many horrors . "  There 's no system in place here . Literally these people here are being collected off the streets , dumped into a dump truck , then brought out here and dumped in the pits , " he said . The fear of disease is frequently the reason for rapidly burying bodies in mass graves . But contrary to popular belief , bodies do not cause epidemics after natural disasters , experts said . "  The reality is that most of the disease that live in us -- once our body is dead they ca n't survive very long , " said Oliver Morgan , an epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Fecal matter from the deceased could contaminate the water supply , posing a risk , but "  it 's nowhere near the risk of all the survivors living in the streets with no sanitation , " said Morgan , who contributed to the World Health Organization 's guidelines on managing bodies after a natural disaster . There has never been an epidemic after a natural disaster that was traced to exposure to bodies , according to the WHO . The chief priority must lie with the living , experts said . "  Body collection is not the most urgent task after a natural disaster , " according to the WHO 's 2006 guidance on the Management of Dead Bodies after Disasters . "  The priority is to care for survivors . There is no significant public health risk associated with the presence of bodies . Nevertheless , bodies should be collected as soon as possible and taken away for identification . " Mass graves , it warned , are "  not justified on public health grounds . Rushing to dispose of bodies without proper identification traumatizes families and communities and may have serious legal consequences . " "  There 's always talks about mass graves because that 's always the easiest solution , " said Frank Ciaccio , vice president of commercial services at Kenyon International Emergency Services , a disaster management company that responds to mass fatality accidents . "  We do n't strongly recommend them . However , sometimes in situations in very developing nations , that 's the only thing to do . " In cases of mass graves , teams should at least document or photograph the individual for future identification , he said . Kenyon has deployed an emergency response assessment team to Haiti . Ciaccio was part of the crew that responded to the tsunami in Southeast Asia in 2004 and New Orleans , Louisiana , after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Having bodies on the street is very distressing to survivors . "  That 's going to be very stressful , " Ciaccio said . "  It 's hot temperatures and that 's not a pleasant sight . There 's decomposed bodies . And the hotter the weather , the quicker the decomposition . " Decomposition starts as early as the day of death , bringing stench and pests . "  When you have bodies on the street that begin to decompose , you eventually get maggot infestation because of flies and you have a potential of rats , " said Vernie Fountain , the disaster task force leader of the National Funeral Directors Association . At one of the capital city 's cemeteries , people opened up old crypts and shoved corpses of quake victims into them before resealing them . Workers loaded bodies -- piled on the sides of roads -- into the basket of a front-loader tractor , which then deposited them into blood-stained dump trucks , according to CNN correspondents in Haiti . "  There 's little dignity in death in Port-au-Prince these days , " Cooper said in his report . The United States is deploying mortuary teams to identify and bury the dead in a public safety rescue mission , Kathleen Sebelius , secretary of Health and Human Services , said Thursday . After huge disasters , mortuary teams often face logistical nightmares , working with little resources , thousands of bodies , collapsed infrastructure , language barriers and different cultural and religious views . After working in the aftermath of landslides , cyclones , hurricanes and tsunamis with mass fatalities , Morgan realized the lack of a guidelines for handling the bodies was a recurring problem . "  What we often see are these pictures of mass graves which are dug three feet deep with hundreds of bodies thrown into this large hole , " Morgan said . "  That 's discouraged in preference to having a more organized situation with a long trench grave and putting bodies in an ordered way , or marked graves so people know where the victims are buried . " One possible solution is to move the bodies to a temporary , organized collection point and to gather as much information to help with future identification , said Fountain , who served as a national officer for Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team , a national response team designed to provide mortuary assistance in mass fatality incidents . After the tsunami killed 225,000 people in 2004 , various Southeast Asian countries handled the dead differently based on location and available resources . While none of the countries affected by the tsunami had enough refrigerated storage to handle the corpses , many found alternatives by burying the dead in temporary , shallow graves with the intent to exhume them later . Other bodies were hastily buried within 24 hours in mass graves . "  The parallels are mass fatalities and catastrophic events , " Ciaccio said . "  We have a significant loss of life ; we have people that are unknown ; we have a significant number of missing people . The one minor difference in Thailand was that it was isolated to shoreline about a mile in . Here you have total destruction of an infrastructure system . "	CNN 's Anderson Cooper reported on a mass grave with hundreds of bodies Fear of disease is frequently the reason for rapidly burying bodies in mass graves This theory is unfounded , because disease-causing agents die with the corpse WHO report : "  Rapid mass burial of victims is not justified on public health grounds "
Drinking a daily cup of coffee -- or even several cups -- is n't likely to harm your health , and it may even lower your risk of dying from chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease , a new study in the New England Journal of Medicine suggests . The relationship between coffee drinking and health has been a hot topic in recent years , but research has produced mixed results . Some studies have linked coffee consumption to better health and a lower risk of premature death , while others suggest that coffee -- or rather caffeine -- might contribute to heart disease through negative effects on blood pressure , cholesterol , and heart rate . The new study is by far the largest of its kind to date . As part of a joint project with the AARP , researchers from the National Institutes of Health followed more than 400,000 healthy men and women between the ages of 50 and 71 for up to 13 years , during which 13 % of the participants died . Health.com : Big perks -- coffee 's health benefits Overall , coffee drinkers were less likely than their peers to die during the study , and the more coffee they drank , the lower their mortality risk tended to be . Compared with people who drank no coffee at all , men and women who drank six or more cups per day were 10 % and 15 % less likely , respectively , to die during the study . This pattern held when the researchers broke out the data by specific causes of death , including heart disease , lung disease , pneumonia , stroke , diabetes , infections , and even injuries and accidents . Cancer was the only major cause of death not associated with coffee consumption . "  There has been some concern that coffee might increase the risk of death , and this provides some reassurance against that worry , " says Neal D. Freedman , Ph.D. , the lead author of the study and an investigator with the division of cancer epidemiology and genetics at the National Cancer Institute , in Rockville , Maryland . Health.com : Trying to cut back on coffee ? Here 's how Even moderate coffee consumption was linked to better survival odds . Drinking a single cup per day -- which was much more common than a six-cup-a-day habit -- was associated with a 6 % lower risk of dying among men and a 5 % lower risk among women . Although these reductions in risk might seem modest , they could have potentially dramatic implications for public health if spread out over the tens of millions of coffee drinkers in the United States , says Susan Fisher , Ph.D. , chair of community and preventive medicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center , in Rochester , New York . "  Even a small decrease , when you 're talking about a -LSB- behavior -RSB- that is so ubiquitous across the human population , could mean many , many lives saved , " Fisher says . Health.com : Is coffee healthier than you think ? The findings , however , stop short of saying that coffee drinking directly lowers the risk of chronic disease . Like much of the previous research on coffee , the study was based on survey data -- in this case , a single questionnaire distributed in the mid-1990s -- that may provide an incomplete picture of the participants ' overall health and lifestyle . Although the researchers took into account a wide range of extenuating factors , including diet and exercise regimens , smoking , alcohol consumption , body mass index , and marital status , it 's possible that people who drink coffee differ from the rest of the population in as-yet unidentified ways that make them less vulnerable to disease and early death . The explanation for the study findings "  might not specifically be the coffee , " Fisher says . "  It might be some characteristic of the coffee drinker . " Health.com : Surprising sources of caffeine Still , it 's plausible that coffee drinking actually improves health . Coffee contains some 1,000 compounds , many of which are health-promoting antioxidants , Freedman says . "  There 's some data showing that some of these components may prevent insulin resistance and have a role in diabetes , " he says . In the study , both regular and decaf were associated with a lower risk of dying , which suggests that these and other substances in coffee might be more important than caffeine . But even decaf contains trace amounts of caffeine , so the authors ca n't entirely rule out the possibility that caffeine has an effect on health , Freedman says .	Daily cup may lower risk of dying from chronic diseases such as diabetes NIH followed 400,000 men and women for 13 years , during which 13 % died In the study , both regular and decaf were associated with a lower risk of dying
Civil rights activists reenacting a 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama , are doing more than just reliving an important part of American history -- they are bringing a new message to an old fight . Two days after NAACP President Ben Jealous -- along with organizer the Rev. Al Sharpton and the Rev. Jesse Jackson -- were joined by thousands of people , both young and old , to mark the 47th anniversary of Bloody Sunday , their journey through Alabama continues . Participants say this year -- an election year -- is about more than just remembering , it 's about raising consciousness . "  Right now , we are seeing the Voting Rights Act attacked more consistently across the country than we have seen since it was passed . " Jealous said . Since crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on Sunday , marchers are continuing on to Montgomery to bring attention to what they call a modern-day attack on voting rights . "  We need people to understand that not only is history not very distant , but we stand on the precipice of repeating it , " Jealous said . The NAACP leader said strict voter ID laws that wo n't allow people to vote without a driver 's license or passport are unnecessary and will make it difficult -- and in some cases impossible -- for 5 million people to vote . "  We need to make sure that the principle of one person , one vote , is respected , " he said . New marchers -- including a Latina student from Idaho who came with other members of a campus organization called Movimiento Activista Social , and senior citizens from Boston -- all made the trip to Alabama to fight voting restrictions nationwide . Some older activists came to relive a turbulent time in American history . As a girl , Amelia Boynton , who was born in 1911 , sent a letter to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. asking him to participate in the march . This time , she could n't make the journey on foot , so Boynton is being driven along the route . She is joined by another elderly woman who was 11 and a member of the NAACP youth council on March 7 , 1965 . On that day , protesters fighting for the right to vote tried to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge and were beaten back by police officers and attacked by dogs . The brutal attack became known as Bloody Sunday . This month , the Alabama House of Representatives unanimously passed a resolution to gather and preserve a collection of accounts from current and former members of Congress who were involved in civil rights marches in the state . Jealous agrees that is important that people know and remember the legacy of Selma . "  We need people to know what happened , " he said . "  We need students to know that people risked their lives . " Participants will have walked more than 20 miles by the end of day Tuesday . Once the walking ends , marchers will gather for the evening at Macedonia Church and sleep on cots , NAACP spokesman Derek Turner said . The march , which was primarily organized by the National Action Network with support from the NAACP , AFL-CIO , Service Employees International Union , National Council of La Raza and other groups , is expected to end Friday on the steps of the Capitol in Montgomery with a call to repeal voter ID laws and Alabama 's HB56 , a strict anti-immigration law .	Civil rights activists are reenacting a march from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama On March 7 , 1965 , police at the Edmund Pettus Bridge beat marchers seeking voter rights New march aims to highlight what 's being called a modern-day attack on voter rights
CNN  -- A malfunctioning jet engine on an Air Canada flight caused burning hot debris to fall to the ground after takeoff , an official with Canada 's Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday . The incident Monday , which involved Air Canada Flight 001 bound for Tokyo from Toronto with 318 passengers and 16 crew members aboard , damaged vehicles on the ground and forced the Boeing 777 to return to Toronto . No injuries were reported . Don Enns , a regional manager at the independent Transportation Safety Board of Canada , told CTV and CP24 on Tuesday that "  some sort of failure " inside one of the plane 's two engines disrupted the airflow , causing part of the turbine section to fly out the back . "  Those pieces as they were liberated from the engine , they came out the back of the engine , " Enns said . "  Essentially , it just fell out the back of the engine , fell down , and unfortunately , we had cars underneath them . " He called such an occurrence "  very rare , " saying the last time he could remember a similar incident was a decade or more ago . Engineers would dismantle the engine involved and study similar engines to try to learn why the malfunction occurred , Enns said . Boeing said in a statement that it "  stands ready to assist the Canadian regulator , if we are asked to participate . Per international rules Boeing has to be asked by the regular to participate in the investigation . " Boeing said it would provide technical expertise about the airport and "  The engine manufacturer , GE , will have a similar role . " For its part , GE said in a statement that it had sent a technical representative to Toronto for the investigation . "  The GE90 engine model powering this aircraft is among the world 's most reliable engines ... The GE90 engine fleet , with more than 1,400 engines in airline service , has accumulated close to 30 million flight hours and no aviation accident has ever been attributed to the engine , " the GE statement said . The flight took off 2:10 p.m. ET Monday , but one engine then shut down , prompting the flight crew to follow "  standard procedure " and return to Toronto Pearson International Airport , said Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick . The crew requested an emergency landing , which Fitzpatrick said was standard because it gives certain planes first priority , though he also noted the aircraft involved is designed to run on a single engine if necessary . The plane landed normally , and passengers returned to the gate , according to Fitzpatrick . Constable George Tudos , spokesman for police in the regional municipality of Peel , said the aircraft returned to Toronto 's airport at 3:53 p.m. . More than an hour before that , around 2:30 p.m. , people began reporting seeing smoke , and one spotted what may have been debris coming from a large airliner , according to Tudos . At least three vehicles on the ground were being investigated for damage . Sarabjit Sandhu told CP24 , a CNN affiliate , that she and her husband had just gotten gas at a Petro-Canada station in Mississauga , outside Toronto , when they "  heard a big noise , a bump , like boom . " A number of vehicles in the service station 's parking lot were damaged , including a Nissan Altima with its back window shattered to pieces while its owner was inside the station 's convenience store . Pieces of gray , heavy material littered the scene , according to CP24 . "  It was so hot you could n't even touch it , " Sandhu said of the debris .	An Air Canada flight had to return after takeoff from Toronto due to engine failure One engine malfunctioned , sending debris out the back , an official says The cause of the malfunction will be investigated No injuries were reported , but some cars were damaged
London  CNN  -- Harrowing new details have emerged from the last moments of Air France Flight 447 which crashed into the Atlantic in June 2009 , killing all 228 passengers and crew . New extracts from the cockpit voice recorder reveal that three seconds before impact , one of the crew exclaimed : "  Damn it , we 're going to crash , this ca n't be true ! " Data from the flight recorders that were recovered after nearly two years on the sea bed previously revealed clues about why the plane crashed on its way to France from Brazil . France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis , the BEA , has said the crisis began after problems arose with the Airbus A330 's devices that measure its speed , and disconnection of the autopilot . It also said the recorders revealed that the pilots failed to discuss repeated stall warnings . But in a new book called "  Erreurs de Pilotage "  Pilot Error  by aeronautics expert Jean Pierre Otelli , fresh material from the last two minutes of the flight as captured by the cockpit voice recorder reveals the panic-stricken conversations of the confused pilots . The plane plunged 38,000 feet in just three minutes and 30 seconds but the recording -- as reported in the book -- illustrates that the crew did n't understand why the plane was not responding . In one extract , a co-pilot says : "  Climb , climb , climb . " But his colleague answers : "  But I 've been pulling back on the stick for a while now . " In a computer-generated voice , the plane 's warning system keeps repeating the word "  Stall ! " The captain warns : "  Watch out , you are pulling up . " A co-pilot replies : "  Am I pulling up ? " The BEA has strongly condemned the disclosure of the transcript , which it says is a violation of European regulations and shows a lack of respect for the late crew members . "  Any attempt at interpretation at this stage is partial and , as a result , can only fan the flames of the controversies of the last few months , which is harmful to all concerned , " it said in a statement . Air France has also reacted to what it calls "  sensationalized and unverifiable information , " which it says "  impairs the memory of the crew and passengers who lost their lives . " CNN 's aviation correspondent Richard Quest says the material gives a "  dramatic insight into what was happening " but adds that it does n't add anything new to the ongoing investigation . He also says the inquiry poses questions about how difficult modern airliners are to fly in extreme situations . The Air France statement says further work is necessary on what it calls the "  delicate issue of human-machine interface . " The BEA has already issued 10 new safety recommendations , including ensuring extra training for pilots on manual handling of a high-altitude stall , and says new safety recommendations will be issued in the final report on the accident , due to be published in June next year .	The data comes from flight recorders that lay on the sea bed for nearly two years The book "  Erreurs de Pilotage "  Pilot Error  details the last two minutes of flight The BEA and Air France have both condemned publication of the transcript They say it shows a lack of respect for the victims
December 8 , 2014 Afghanistan , Philippines , low-earth orbit : These are a few of the places we visit on CNN Student News this Monday . Go inside a government command center whose job is to prevent cyberattacks on U.S. infrastructure . Understand what makes diet sodas sweet , and hear why some health officials are concerned about them . And see an owl as you 've never seen it before ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- The 19 firefighters killed while battling an Arizona wildfire last month understood what few did , Vice President Joe Biden told thousands who attended their memorial Tuesday . They realized , he told a packed arena in Prescott Valley , that integrity "  is measured by whether you respond to the needs of your neighbors . " "  Help  came in the form of 20 Granite Mountain Hotshots who rushed toward the flames as everyone else retreated . And in the process , 19 of them gave their lives , " Biden said . Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate "  These men were some of the strongest , most disciplined , tenacious , physically fit men in the world -- an elite unit in every sense of that phrase , " Biden said . " ... They raced to embrace life just like they raced  to  the fight against ... the raging fire on Yarnell Hill . " Biden and other dignitaries -- including Gov. Jan Brewer and the state 's U.S. Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake -- joined relatives and a grieving community for the memorial , which paid tribute to the 19 elite firefighters who were overcome by a raging inferno on June 30 . 100-mile procession for fallen firefighters The 19 -- members of the Prescott Fire Department 's elite Granite Mountain Hotshots wildfire crew -- died while battling the Yarnell Hill fire , which consumed thousands of acres northwest of Phoenix . Officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under fire shelters , blankets meant to protect against flames and heat , as a last resort after the fire suddenly changed directions . The thousands who filled Tim 's Toyota Center west of Prescott gave a standing ovation to the unit 's only survivor , Brendan McDonough , as he was introduced . Officials said McDonough was the unit 's lookout away from the burn zone , and warned his crewmates by radio that the fire had changed direction . The fallen firefighters : who they were After reciting a firefighters ' prayer , McDonough made a simple tribute to his comrades . "  I miss my brothers , " he said , "  and we 're here to remember them . I love my family ... thank you for supporting me . " The speakers were flanked by pictures of the 19 . Brewer said they were "  heroes , gone at the turn of the wind . " "  They were protectors , defending our communities , safeguarding our friends , family and strangers alike , " she said . "  To the Yarnell 19 , we will never forget your sacrifice and that of your families . " Opinion : Why lasting compassion matters Also speaking was Darrell Willis , the Prescott division fire chief who founded the hotshot group -- one of about 180 elite teams in the country that are called to fight wildfires up close and clear out the brush that otherwise would fuel it . Willis praised his fallen colleagues ' courage courage , professionalism and skill , telling the grieving relatives to "  take comfort in the fact that I would have followed them blindfolded in the very  spot  " near Yarnell . "  They brought everything to the table . They gave their all . They were , in my words , right and tight , " he said . The 19 firefighters were Andrew Ashcraft , 29 ; Robert Caldwell , 23 ; Travis Carter , 31 ; Dustin Deford , 24 ; Christopher MacKenzie , 30 ; Eric Marsh , 43 ; Grant McKee , 21 ; Sean Misner , 26 ; Scott Norris , 28 ; Wade Parker , 22 ; John Percin , 24 ; Anthony Rose , 23 ; Jesse Steed , 36 ; Joe Thurston , 32 ; Travis Turbyfill , 27 ; William Warneke , 25 ; Clayton Whitted , 28 ; Kevin Woyjeck , 21 ; and Garret Zuppiger , 27 . How you can help	Hotshot team was "  an elite unit in every sense of that phrase , " Vice President Joe Biden says Thousands attend memorial for 19 fallen members of a "  hotshot " Arizona firefighting team Firefighters died in an Arizona wildfire June 30 Unit 's lone remaining member recites firefighters ' prayer , gets standing ovation
Panacea , Florida  CNN  -- While media outlets and Beltway pundits might use state polls to gauge the race in Florida between GOP presidential hopefuls Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney , Ron Crum uses poles . Fishing poles . Crum , a Republican small business owner in this sleepy seaside town south of Tallahassee , calls Romney a multi-millionaire who expects to get breaks because he 's rich -- be it a low tax rate or the GOP nomination . But former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich , Crum says , is a man who understands the plight of the working class and can articulate conservative principles effectively . Picking up two fishing rods , Crum says the expensive Penn International , priced at almost $ 400 , is like Romney . Meanwhile , the Jarvis-Walker , which he says does everything the other rod does but sells for about $ 50 , is like Gingrich . "  I got a customer , " Crum continues . "  He has about six rod holders on the side of the boat . He 's got six Penn Internationals , and when he leaves port he has them on this side of the boat towards the docks , and when he comes in he puts them on the other side of the boat . We go out there because it 's a good day to be alive , God built a world let 's go enjoy it , but the elitist wants to impress their friends . " Putting the poles back in the rack , Crum says , "  Gingrich , as a capitalist wants to come out here with the working people and the people earn money from the industry of this country . Romney is basically an elitist . " And for conservative North Florida voters , the term elitist is almost as bad as calling someone a liberal . That label is sticking with Romney , even though both candidates are worth more than many North Floridians earn in a lifetime . Empty dock towns North Florida locals like Rodger Noe say they can remember when industrial fishing and crabbing operations provided jobs for North Florida , back before environmental regulations strangled the local economy . The median income in this conservative area is between $ 24,000 and $ 29,000 . The sluggish economy is evident on boat docks , with its empty slips . Soundoff : What issues matter to you this election ? Most of the boats left belong to people "  with their noses in the air , " Noe says . "  I got a boat recently , " Noe says . "  I took it to the dock I used to 10 years ago and the manager was happy to see me . But the owner " -- Davis sticks his nose up in the air -- "  he did n't want me there , so I was told to go . " Davis says the wealthy dock owner did n't want his workboat "  muddying up " the view . "  Romney 's one of them , " Noe says . "  I liked Herman Cain , but now I like Newt . " State polls in Florida have n't given much hard data about North Florida 's rural areas , but a CNN/Time/ORC poll released Wednesday gave Gingrich a slight edge in north and central Florida while Romney was the favorite from Tampa Bay and south . Romney recently attacked Gingrich as a career politician who has n't lived in the "  real streets " of America . "  Well , that 's another thing , " Noe says laughing . "  We got highways and roads here . Cities have streets . " Gingrich motivates gun-owning liberals The prospect of a Gingrich candidacy is also exciting some of the liberals in the area . In Baum Community , a forested little town north of Tallahassee , former teacher and "  gun-owning liberal " Paige Forshay says she 's been talking about Gingrich a lot with her conservative father . One of the topics was an ex-wife 's interviews in which she says he wanted to have an open marriage . "  Newt Gingrich , he 's laughable , " Forshay says . "  It 's so interesting his ex-wife came out and says he wanted to have this polyamorous relationship . It 's just absolutely hilarious . Who would want to have a polyamorous relationship with that man ? How can you run knowing that 's out there ? You should be embarrassed , you should be ashamed of yourself . " Forshay says if Romney 's nominated , she 'll vote for the Democrat , but she wo n't engage in the election . "  Mitt is n't scary , " Forshay says . But if Gingrich represents the GOP , she 'll stuff envelopes , knock on doors ... whatever she can do to help Gingrich lose .	North Florida businessman sees Romney as privileged , not having earned his riches Even though both Romney and Gingrich are well-off , the term "  elitist " has stuck with Romney North Florida liberal says if Gingrich is GOP nominee , she 'll work to help defeat him
Washington  CNN  -- With Superstorm Sandy leaving communities under water , stranding millions without power and consuming public resources in several states , could next Tuesday 's vote for president be moved to a later date ? Sandy leaves election officials scrambling No , it ca n't . Without passage of a new federal law , voting for president is required to take place on Tuesday , November 6 , as planned . But , partial postponements of voting in some affected areas are possible , consistent with the laws governing the election of the president and vice president . Here 's why : When people go to the polls on Election Day , they are n't voting directly for their choice for president or vice president . Instead , they are voting to select representatives -- or "  electors " -- to the Electoral College , the body that actually determines who will be president and vice president . Candidates , voters forced to navigate Sandy The Constitution gives Congress the authority to determine "  time " of choosing those electors . In 1845 , Congress passed a law that set the Tuesday immediately following the first Monday in November of every election year as Election Day across the country . The same law also gives states some leeway in picking electors to the Electoral College . But to exercise that leeway , a state must have "  held an election for the purpose of choosing electors , " and "  failed to make a choice on the day prescribed by law . " When that happens , the law says "  the electors may be appointed on a subsequent day in such manner as the legislature of such state may direct . " Sandy 's impact : State by state Based on this , the Congressional Research Service , a federal agency that provides legislative research support to Congress , concluded in a 2004 report that a state could probably hold presidential voting on Election Day in places unaffected by a natural disaster but postpone it until a later date in affected areas without violating federal law so long as the state met other legal requirements relating to electing the president and vice president . But the law passed by Congress setting Election Day only allows a state to pick its electors on a later date if it has already held an election on Election Day and "  failed to make a choice " on that day . So a complete statewide postponement would arguably violate the 1845 law , the 2004 report suggested . But the report also pointed out that the Supreme Court has emphasized the role states play in selecting the presidential electors , so a state might be allowed to postpone an entire statewide vote for president in emergency circumstances like a hurricane or other natural disaster . CNN Senior Correspondent Joe Johns contributed to this report .	Presidential Election Day is set by Congress under its authority in the Constitution Election Day can only be changed if a new federal law is passed But a state will probably be allowed to postpone voting only in disaster-affected areas Statewide postponement of the presidential vote is an open legal question
CNN  -- Census-takers are fanning out across Sudan this week in a landmark headcount meant to determine how to divide power and wealth in the war-weary African nation . A south Sudanese soldier keeps watch , with the threat of civil war still high in the war-torn country . The census is a key component of a 2005 peace agreement that ended a 22-year civil war which killed 2 million people and displaced an estimated 4 million others . The war pitted a government dominated by Arab Muslims in northern Sudan against black Christians and animists in the south . Delays in starting the census were among the reasons cited when southerners withdrew last year from a government of national unity . They rejoined the government two months later , but tension and occasional fighting near the disputed territory of Abyei has threatened to reignite the civil war . "  God forbid , that 's a distinct possibility , " said Andebrhan Giorgis , senior policy adviser for Africa for the International Crisis Group , a non-profit organization that seeks to prevent and resolve crisis . "  It 's quite worrisome . " North-south tensions have worsened even as international attention has focused more on persistent violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan , where roughly 300,000 people have been killed since 2003 in a campaign of killing , rape and displacement that the U.S. calls genocide . Results from the national census , which began Tuesday , will be used to establish electoral districts and determine political representation in a national assembly , Giorgis said . "  It 's an important milestone , " he told CNN on Wednesday . The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Sudan also hailed the census as vital , in a statement Tuesday . The census is key to establishing voting districts in advance of national elections scheduled for 2009 . It is also critical in determining how oil wealth is to be shared between the north and south , who have a history of animosity and mistrust . It 's unclear how census-takers will operate in Darfur - and how accurately they will be able to count the population there , Giorgis said . E-mail to a friend	Census-takers fan out across Sudan this week in a landmark headcount Count will be used to determine how power is shared in the war-torn country North-south tensions continue to simmer , threatening the return of civil war
New York  CNN  -- A dolphin stranded in Brooklyn 's highly polluted Gowanus Canal on Friday has died , according to the Riverhead Foundation . Emergency personnel gathered in New York Friday alongside the canal , which borders Brooklyn 's Red Hook neighborhood , in an effort to rescue the marine mammal , which inadvertently had become trapped in the channel 's muck and mud . After being stuck in murky low-tide waters for most of the day , the Common Dolphin passed away Friday evening , according to Joanne Biegert of the Riverhead Foundation . Biegert said there were no further details on what was going to be done with the animal 's carcass . "  Usually when you see reports like this  of a dolphin trapped in low water  it means the animal is injured , " Allison McHale of the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration said Friday . "  It 's not a good sign when you see it by itself , " Mchale told CNN . "  It 's very uncommon for a dolphin or any marine animal to be in the Gowanus , but it 's happened before , " Rob DiGiovanni , Riverhead Foundation 's director and senior biologist , told CNN Friday . In addition to foundation personnel , NYPD emergency service units were also on scene , according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne . CNN 's Kristinia Sgueglia and Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	NEW : Despite rescue efforts , dolphin dies The dolphin was stranded in Brooklyn 's heavily polluted Gowanus Canal Emergency personnel gathered Friday alongside the canal Rescuers had hoped to wait until high tide to determine whether dolphin could free itself
Positano , Italy  CNN  -- Dramatically steep seaside cliffs , quaint multicolored hillside buildings and sweeping views of the sea captivate visitors as they enter scenic Positano , perched along Italy 's Amalfi Coast . The small , slow-paced Tyrrhenian Sea resort town is tucked into the Lattari Mountains and surrounded by colorful flowers and sweet-smelling lemon and orange trees . Positano was a sleepy fishing village that began to attract large numbers of tourists in the 1950s after John Steinbeck published an essay about the town in Harper 's Bazaar , tourism officials say . "  Nearly always when you find a place as beautiful as Positano , your impulse is to conceal it , " Steinbeck wrote . But it 's not a secret anymore . Today , travelers from around the world come to enjoy the beach , play in the clear blue Tyrrhenian waters and explore the charming town 's many family-owned boutiques and restaurants . Many tourists consider Positano , on the south side of the Sorrentine Peninsula , to be one of the most picturesque of Italy 's coastal resorts , and business owners welcome the heavy stream of visitors who come to town each year . Views from the Spiaggia Grande Beach , near Positano 's downtown area , are spectacular . In addition to the sparkling sea , you can marvel at the architecture of the buildings stacked together almost like stairs up the slopes of the steep town . The beach consists of coarse sand and small , smooth pebbles . Though not silky to the touch like beaches in the Florida Panhandle , the rounded pebbles are small enough to make them comfortable to walk or sunbathe on . Because of the steep cliffs surrounding the area , the morning and afternoon sunlight is mostly obscured , so midday is the best beach time for sun worshipers . Positano is known for hot , dry summers and mild winters . May through October has the best beach weather , when the air is warm  highs in the 70s and 80s  and comfortable . October through January are typically the rainy months . Visitors who want to be on the water can head to Marina Grande , where you can rent a boat , windsurf , snorkel or dive . From the marina , you can also take a popular boat ride to Capri , an island with dramatic cliffs along the sea where international tourists and Italians alike flock for relaxing getaways . Beyond the water , a major attraction is the church of Santa Maria Assunta , in the center of town . The church features a large dome covered in maiolica tiles and a collection of art , including a 13th-century Byzantine wooden panel depicting the Virgin Mary and her child . In the town 's steep , narrow streets , you 'll discover many shops selling fashionable clothes handmade in Positano . This resort town is known for its production of dresses , pants and blouses made of cotton or linen , many of which are one of a kind . The town is known for its lemons , and Positano shop owners capitalize on this by selling lemon sweets , perfumes , soaps and home decor , among other things . Be sure to buy at least one lemon-themed item while you browse around town . If hiking is part of your agenda , take a walk from Positano along the Amalfi Coast on various panoramic trails . The popular "  Walk of the Gods " path links Positano to the village of Praiano . Spectacular views of the sea thrill hikers along the trail , which takes about six hours to hike . A bus at the end of the journey will return hikers to Positano . After a long , fun-filled day , your taste buds will be ready for Positano 's many local specialties based on fresh seafood from local fishermen . Dishes such as boiled octopus salad and spaghetti with mussels are among the many foods commonly served . Those not fond of seafood can always opt for a variety of pasta dishes or pizza Margherita dressed with olive oil or bruschetta , to name a few . The most popular dining venues tend to be those by the water , offering tables with sea views . However , restaurants at the top of the cliffs offer equally spectacular panoramic views . In addition to Positano 's culinary and scenic attractions , the town is rich with history . Positano was once part of the powerful Republic of Amalfi , a rival of Venice as a sea power in the 10th century . The economy was predominately based on the fishing industry until tourists discovered its beauty in the 1950s . Steinbeck wrote of its entrancing beauty : "  It is a dream place that is n't quite real when you are there and becomes beckoningly real after you have gone . " Getting there  Naples International Airport is the closest to Positano . Taxis , buses and shuttle services can transport you 36 miles from Naples to Positano .  Train service does not go directly to Positano . Sorrento is the nearest train stop , where you can hire a taxi , private shuttle or catch a bus for the nine-mile journey .  If you have a car , Positano is along Route 163 , which curves around the Amalfi Coast . Where to stay  Expensive : Hotel Le Sirenuse - Long celebrated as a resort for the rich and famous . The guest rooms all have terraces overlooking the town .  Moderate : Domina Home Royal - Guests can enjoy panoramic views of the sea and town . Where to eat  Ristorante il Ritrovo : A family-owned restaurant high above the town along a mountain road . Seafood and pasta dishes dominate the menu .  Buca di Bacco : This restaurant has a strong emphasis on seafood and is along the beach . Tourist information : The tourist office , at Via del Saraceno 4  telephone : 39-089875067 ; e-mail : info@aziendaturismopositano.it  can answer many questions travelers may have .	Positano , Italy , is a small resort town along the Amalfi Coast It is perched upon cliffs that open up to views of the Tyrrhenian Sea Positano is very steep , so wear comfortable walking shoes as you stroll around town
National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden has written an "  open letter to the people of Brazil " offering to help investigate U.S. surveillance of Brazilian citizens . The letter was posted on the website pastebin and on the Facebook page of David Michael Miranda , partner of journalist Glenn Greenwald , according to a tweet from Greenwald . In the letter , Snowden says he has told Brazilian lawmakers that he is willing to help investigate "  suspected crimes against Brazilian citizens . " "  I have expressed my willingness to assist wherever appropriate and lawful , but unfortunately the United States government has worked very hard to limit my ability to do so -- going so far as to force down the Presidential Plane of Evo Morales to prevent me from traveling to Latin America ! "  Until a country grants permanent political asylum , the U.S. government will continue to interfere with my ability to speak . " Morales challenges U.S. after Snowden rumor holds up plane The Brazilian government does not plan to respond to Snowden 's letter , according to an official in the press office of the Foreign Ministry . At this point , no new request for asylum has been received , so authorities also will have have no comment on speculation surrounding the possibility one could be forthcoming , the official said . An initial request was received in July , but it was a letter sent not by Snowden himself , but by Amnesty International to several countries . Brazil said then that it was not going to respond to the generic letter . Consternation in South America Brazil has been in an uproar over reports of U.S. spying . In September , Brazilian lawmakers said they planned to send a commission to Russia to speak with Snowden , who had allegedly leaked information about U.S. spying against the country 's president . Foreign Minister Luiz Alberto Figueiredo called the situation "  an inadmissible and unacceptable violation of Brazilian sovereignty . " Last month , Brazil acknowledged its own past snooping . The newspaper Folha de Sao Paulo revealed that Brazil spied on foreign diplomats inside Brazil in 2003 and 2004 . Its targets included officials from Russia , Iran and the United States . "  I see the situations as completely different , " Brazilian Justice Minister Jose Eduardo Cardozo told the paper . Judge : NSA domestic phone data-mining unconstitutional In his letter , Snowden , a former NSA contractor , writes , "  Today , if you carry a cell phone in Sao Paolo , the NSA can and does keep track of your location : they do this 5 billion times a day to people around the world . When someone in Florianopolis visits a website , the NSA keeps a record of when it happened and what you did there . If a mother in Porto Alegre calls her son to wish him luck on his university exam , NSA can keep that call log for five years or more . They even keep track of who is having an affair or looking at pornography , in case they need to damage their target 's reputation . Opinion : Who really broke the law , Snowden or the government ? "  American Senators tell us that Brazil should not worry , because this is not ` surveillance , ' it 's ` data collection . ' They say it is done to keep you safe . They 're wrong . There is a huge difference between legal programs , legitimate spying , legitimate law enforcement -- where individuals are targeted based on a reasonable , individualized suspicion -- and these programs of dragnet mass surveillance that put entire populations under an all-seeing eye and save copies forever . These programs were never about terrorism : they 're about economic spying , social control , and diplomatic manipulation . They 're about power . " Snowden to testify to panel of European Parliament Snowden has agreed to testify , via teleconference , before a civil liberties committee of the European Parliament , sources in the Parliament say . Some within the Parliament opposed the invitation , but the majority supported the idea , the sources said . The testimony may take place in January , they said . It 's unsure whether Snowden would testify live or would be pre-recorded , the sources said , adding that his testimony is expected to cover all aspects of NSA surveillance internationally . Obama to meet with tech bosses after judge rules on NSA data-mining	The Brazilian government does not plan to respond to open letter , an official says Snowden has agreed to testify via video to a European Parliament panel , sources say His open letter was posted online in two places , according to journalist Glenn Greenwald Snowden mentions the need for asylum
Super Bowl XLVIII started out bad for the Denver Broncos . The Seattle Seahawks made sure it got worse . Seattle romped 43-8 by playing a suffocating defense and taking advantage of four Denver turnovers , including two interceptions thrown by quarterback Peyton Manning , the NFL 's most valuable player for the season . The game pitted pro football 's best offense , Denver , against the best defense , Seattle , but the drama disappeared early at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey . On the first play from scrimmage , a bad snap went sailing past Manning and landed in the end zone for a safety , giving Seattle a 2-0 lead without running a play . Denver did n't score until the third quarter , when the game was out of reach . Seattle 's defense was so strong that Denver managed only 27 yards rushing , compared with 135 for Seattle . Manning went 34 for 49 to gain 279 yards in the air , but most passes were for short yardage with his receivers quickly taken down . His counterpart , Russell Wilson of Seattle , went 18 for 26 to gain 206 yards and score two touchdowns . Fittingly , a Seattle defensive player , linebacker Malcolm Smith , was named the game 's most valuable player . Seattle won its first Super Bowl in franchise history . Manning was thwarted in his quest for a second Super Bowl ring . After the safety , Seattle kicked two field goals , and Marshawn Lynch scored on a 1-yard run for a touchdown . The Seahawks ' Smith intercepted Manning 's second interception and returned it for another touchdown . The second half started out bad for Denver , with Seattle 's Percy Harvin running the opening kickoff back for a touchdown . Jermaine Kearse caught a 23-yeard pass from Russell Wilson with 2:58 left in the third quarter for another touchdown . Wilson threw his second scoring strike to Doug Baldwin with 11:45 left in the fourth . Just before the third quarter ended , Denver got onto the scoreboard when Manning threw a 14-yard pass to Demaryius Thomas . Denver went for a two-point PAT to make the score 36-8 . Denver , led by the 37-year-old Manning , has the NFL 's best offense , statistically , but never got moving Sunday . Richard Sherman , the Seattle defense player who mocked San Francisco after winning the NFC championship , was never really challenged . He left with an injury in the fourth quarter . Balmy conditions on Game Day Though the game did n't experience the blackout that hit last year 's Super Bowl , fans in Los Angeles had their own visual blackout . Some fans lost cable service for a period and missed part of the second half and the halftime show , starring Bruno Mars and the Red Hot Chili Peppers . Time Warner cable said in a tweet that the issue was resolved before the end of the game . A man was shot several times during a Super Bowl party at a residence in Denver , police said . The man was found outside the home , but police spokesman Sonny Jackson did not have additional information , such as what led to the shooting . The man was taken to a hospital in critical condition , and authorities do not have a suspect or a suspect description . The experts ' picks History of the Super Bowl : By the numbers The secrets of the Super Bowl flyover	Seattle dominates and takes advantage of Denver 's mistakes League MVP Peyton Manning throws two interceptions This was the first Super Bowl victory in Seattle 's franchise history No Seattle player has previously played in a Super Bowl
CNN  -- A former soldier arrested after a hostage incident at a military base in Georgia faces multiple charges that include threatening to kill President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton , according to federal court documents filed Tuesday . Robert Anthony Quinones , 29 , of Hinesville , Georgia , was arrested Monday after the two-hour hostage situation at Winn Community Hospital on Fort Stewart , about 45 miles from Savannah , according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Officials and a family member said he had demanded mental health care at the hospital . Quinones is charged with assault of a federal officer and kidnapping in the incident , which ended with the gunman 's surrender and no injuries . After he was taken into custody and during interviews , Quinones "  expressed his plans , preparation and intentions to kill President Obama and former President Clinton , " according to an affidavit filed in federal cour . "  Quinones detailed his studies of Secret Service protocols , sniper techniques and means of disguise and weapons concealment to implement his assassination plans . " A search of his residence resulted in the discovery of 11 long guns , four pistols , multiple rounds of ammunition and dozens of bayonets and knives , according to the affidavit . Authorities also found books and manuals about FBI hostage rescue teams , Osama bin Laden , Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , the Russian Mafia and other topics , according to the affidavit signed by FBI and Secret Service agents . Quinones , when asked if he would kill Obama or Clinton if given a chance , said , "  Yes . On a scale of 1 to 10 about being serious , I am a 10 , " the affidavit said . Quinones was discharged from the military in February and had a civilian job at Fort Stewart , said the FBI , which released no other information on his military record . Quinones ' mother , Janet Gladwell , told the Associated Press he was medically discharged from the Army months ago because he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . A neighbor , Jerry Franklin , said he had known Quinones for several years . "  He was a good kid , " he said . Franklin , 48 , an Army retiree , said Quinones would talk with he and other veterans because they understood the stress brought on by combat . Quinones had served two tours in Iraq , said Franklin . "  All I know is he saw death , " Franklin told CNN . "  Maybe they -LSB- the Army -RSB- should have helped him a little more , " said Franklin , adding he was not blaming the military for the incident . Quinones might not have received sufficient individual treatment after returning from Iraq , Franklin said . Quinones worked at one of Fort Stewart 's post-exchange stores . the neighbor said , adding he did n't believe Quinones had been treated at Winn Army Community Hospital , scene of Monday 's hostage situation . The hostage incident started at about 4 a.m. Monday when the former Army serviceman entered the facility and demanded care , spokesman Kevin Larson said Monday . Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Phillips , a senior Fort Stewart commander , told the Associated Press the former soldier told hostages he needed help for mental problems "  connected , I 'm quite certain , to his past service . " The gunman immediately took one hostage and went to the third floor , which houses the behavioral health unit , where he held two more people at gunpoint , including a nurse practitioner , Larson said . The nurse , an Army major , was able to calm the man and authorities started negotiations , Larson said . The gunman eventually surrendered and was taken into custody for questioning , he said . Quinones was armed with an MP5 assault rifle , an AR-15 assault rifle , a 9 millimeter handgun and a .38 - caliber pistol , according to the affidavit . It accuses the gunman of pointing a firearm at an Army negotiator . Quinones ' attorney , Karl Christian Zipperer , said late Tuesday afternoon he had just gotten the case and would have no comment . A phone number for Quinones in Hinesville was disconnected . The suspect 's initial appearance is scheduled for Wednesday before a U.S. magistrate judge in Savannah , the FBI said in a statement . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Robert A. Quinones had done two tours in Iraq , his neighbor says The former soldier faces multiple charges after a hostage incident Charges say he expressed intentions to kill President Obama , former President Clinton A search of his residence yields many weapons , an affidavit states
CNN  -- While Myanmar 's military rulers ordered Aung San Suu Kyi detained for two decades , legendary rock band U2 gave her a voice -- in the form of the hit song "  Walk On " -- on the world stage . Bono , the Irish band 's lead singer and a long-time political activist , was among those cheering the pro-democracy activist 's release Saturday . In an exclusive CNN interview , Bono said he was "  feeling great " for Suu Kyi , adding that he 's hopeful the action might signal real political progress in the south Asian country after decades of political strife . "  It 's sort of a cautious joy , because though she 's out in the world , ... she 's perhaps more vulnerable , " Bono told CNN . "  I 'm very excited , very thrilled at the possibility that this might be the beginning of some sort of rational discussion . " Bono said he 'd spoken with members of Suu Kyi 's family recently , but has n't heard from them or the democracy leader since her release Saturday . Still , he said he 's been eagerly following the recent developments of a woman he has deemed a "  real hero " for her humility , conviction and idealism over the years . "  She is kind of the Mandela of our moment , " said Bono , referring to Nelson Mandela , who spent decades in prison during South Africa 's apartheid era prior to his release and political ascent . "  She 's a character of great grace . Her struggle has become a symbol of what 's best about our humanity and worst . " U2 and Bono have long been among Suu Kyi 's most high-profile advocates . The band wrote its hit 2001 single "  Walk On " about the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner . Bono wore a t-shirt emblazoned with Suu Kyi 's face in the music video , while tens of thousands of concertgoers sometimes held up her picture while the song was played . In a 2004 Time magazine article , Bono explained why U2 dedicated the song to a woman he called "  a real hero in an age of phony phone-in celebrity . " "  Suu Kyi , with an idea too big for any jail and a spirit too strong for any army , changes our view -- as only real heroes can -- of what we believe is possible , " he wrote . Suu Kyi 's MySpace page said that Myanmar 's ruling junta had banned the song , which contains the lyrics : "  And if your glass heart should crack And for a second you turn back Oh no , be strong -- What you got , they ca n't steal it No , they ca n't even feel it Walk on , walk on Stay safe tonight . " In 2004 , U2 joined forces with R.E.M. , Paul McCartney , Eric Clapton , Sting , Pearl Jam , Peter Gabriel and other rock stars on an album called "  For the Lady , " which was released in support of Suu Kyi . Bono said his excitement at Suu Kyi 's release was tempered by fears that she could be arrested again or become a target for political opponents . He said that he hoped the United Nations and other world bodies would seize the moment , and facilitate talks to create a permanent political resolution in Myanmar . This was the third time Myanmar 's regime has released Suu Kyi from house arrest . Benjamin Zawacki , Myanmar expert for Amnesty International , noted that her last release had been unconditional and then she was thrown again into house arrest . "  For this to be real , there has to be progress toward real peace , " said Bono .	Rock music icon Bono expresses ` cautious joy ' after the release of Aung San Suu Kyi The band 's hit 2001 single , "  Walk On , " was dedicated to the Myanmar democracy leader Bono calls Suu Kyi "  the Mandela of our moment " for her grace and conviction
CNN  -- For the last decade , Carolyn LeCroy has been helping children stay connected to their incarcerated parents through video messages . LeCroy was honored as a CNN Hero in 2008 , and has since expanded her Messages Project to prisons in five states . Her story inspired actress Holly Robinson Peete , who recently joined LeCroy on a visit to a maximum security prison . CNN 's Anderson Cooper spoke with Peete about her experience . Anderson Cooper : What was it about Carolyn 's efforts that first sparked your interest ? Holly Robinson Peete : I learned about a subset of the population that I never thought of before , which are the children of incarcerated parents . There was something about how hard of a sell it is ; anytime you are talking about inmates or people in prison , people automatically -- there 's some pushback . But with Carolyn 's brand of philanthropy , I just found myself intrigued , and I had to help her out . Read the 2008 story : Ex-con 's videos keep inmates , kids in touch Cooper : How does the Messages Project work ? Peete : The Messages Project goes into prisons across the country and films messages of incarcerated parents who are either reading a book , a bedtime story , giving a very positive message , giving love to the caregiver watching these children . Something so simple you would think would n't be a big deal , but to a child who 's lost their parent to incarceration , they watch these videos over and over again . It has a really positive effect on them . So many times , a lot of these children end up in prisons themselves , and this is something that might be able to stop that chain . I think about watching my father 's video . My father 's been deceased for many years . When he was at my wedding , he just said , "  I love you . " I watch it over and over and over again , and it just lifts me up . To these children , these are not hardened criminals . Oftentimes they are just looked at as Mommy or Daddy . So , it 's very important that the children know it 's not their fault and that they know they 're loved . More : CNN Heroes Cooper : How did you get involved with the program ? Peete : I met Carolyn in 2008 and we 've been trying to get together . ... The Messages Project is now in Oklahoma , in Nebraska , in Virginia . And we kept talking about California . It 's the most incarcerated state in the country . And that 's where I live . So I said , "  We 've got to get in there . " And we finally made it in . It ... was a lot of pressure ; I wanted it to go well . Cooper : What did that day involve ? Peete : It involved me driving for hours and hours and hours to the middle of the desert , to the middle of nowhere California . ... It involved meeting five inmates who , most of them , may never come out of that prison . And they really did n't strike me as people who had done anything except that they were dads in that moment and they wanted to get messages to their children . Cooper : What 's it like seeing someone who is incarcerated and you know why they are there , and yet you see them in kind of a different light when they are trying to get a message to their child ? Peete : Apparently these are hardened criminals , people who are doing time for very , very serious offenses , often murder and armed robbery . I personally did n't want to know until I left what they did . I just wanted to appeal to them as a mom and as a parent . I think we do n't think about the impact of what the children of incarcerated parents have to go through . Sometimes their parents are just yanked , right in front of their eyes in some very difficult situations with policemen and guns . So , it 's a mind-boggling situation for children , and these tiny messages are so impactful . Cooper : It 's an incredibly intimate act , the making of these videos . Peete : Even being there and watching some of these men , I was moved to tears because I saw how gut-wrenching it was for them to say , "  I 'm sorry . This is not your fault . Daddy loves you and I just want you to be the best person you can be . " Those little anecdotal things sound very clich  . We take it for granted if we 've got a parent in the home , but hearing that for a child can make all the difference in the world . I felt like I was doing something not necessarily for the inmates , but for their children . I was impacted by it for the rest of the day , and still am . Cooper : You were recognized by a couple of the prisoners . What was that like ? Peete : We walked into the cell block , and ... two gentlemen that came out looked at me . One of them said , "  Hey , Holly . What 's going on ? Remember you met me in Vancouver , and it was 1980 . You were shooting '21 Jump Street . ' " He said , "  I 've been trying to get a script to your agent . " ...  laughs  Even in jail somebody has a script for you , Anderson . ... I was just very blown away at his resourcefulness , because sure enough , three days later my agent said , "  Did you meet a screenwriter in jail ? " Cooper : What is it about the CNN Heroes project that really caught your interest ? Peete : I 'm a CNN Heroes groupie . ... The Heroes just use whatever it is that is at their disposal , and I 'm always blown away by what they are able to accomplish with so little . And for no other reason than it is their calling , it is something they are drawn to .	Program keeps kids connected with their parents in prison CNN Hero Carolyn LeCroy has run the program for the last decade Actress Holly Robinson Peete recently joins LeCroy to observe the program
CNN  -- Sultry singer Ke $ ha is known for her party anthems about binge drinking and dating . And maybe that was the reason Malaysian authorities pulled the plug on her concert set for Saturday at a Kuala Lumpur stadium . But whatever the reason for the show cancellation , Ke $ ha was n't happy about it . The singer took to Twitter to defend herself . "  To be clear . I did NOT cancel . I was not allowed to play . and then I was going to play anyways and was threatened with imprisonment , " she wrote from her official Twitter account . Officials at Malaysia 's ministry of communications and multimedia could not immediately be reached for comment . Promoters Livescape Asia said they tried to comply with Malaysian rules . They even worked with the artist to "  modify the show to suit the Malaysian culture and sensitivities , including having made adjustments to her song lyrics , wardrobe changes , and a set list that was modified to specifically adhere to the guidelines set forth by the authorities , " the promoters said . The promoters said the decision to cancel the show could cost them more than $ 350,000 . This is not the first time Ke $ ha has dealt with a form of censorship . Last year , after an elementary school mass shooting in Connecticut that left 20 children dead , some radio stations temporarily stopped playing Ke $ ha 's popular song "  Die Young . " At the time , the pop star said she understood the decision . "  I 'm so so so sorry for anyone who has been effected by this tragedy , " she posted on Twitter . "  I understand why my song is now inappropriate . words can not express . " Ke $ ha on bringing ` irreverence ' to pop What Ke $ ha was smoking at the MTV Movie Awards	The show was supposed to be on Saturday Promoters said Ke $ ha changed her show to comply with Malaysian culture "  to be clear . I did NOT cancel , " the singer tweets
