CNN  -- They are always the last to understand . It 's weird , is n't it , the way our greatest cheaters and liars go so far and so hard in their efforts to win and dominate and overcome that , en route , they fail to see the inevitable downfall that awaits ? Back in the early 2000s , when I was a baseball writer at Sports Illustrated , Barry Bonds treated everyone -- teammates , coaches , opponents , fans , writers -- as if they were specks of crud beneath his  regularly manicured  fingernails . He camped out in front of a wall of four lockers , had his own clubhouse videographer , his own clubhouse physical therapist , his own perky publicists . He was the greatest home run hitter who ever lived : a slugger who , well into his late 30s , was bashing 450-foot shots over the deepest of outfield walls . Then -- Balco . And Game of Shadows . And flaxseed oil . And embarrassing testimony . Where is Barry Bonds today ? Answer : Who the hell cares ? His website is down . His cards can be had , straight up , in exchange for two Kirk McCaskills and a Sil Campusano . He will never be hired to work in the game , as either a broadcaster or coach . His records -- in the minds of most fans -- do n't count . He is invisible . Worse than invisible . He is insignificant . News : Lance Armstrong banned from world Ironman events over doping probe Which leads us to Lance Armstrong . In case you missed the news , Wednesday morning the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency filed new charges against the seven-time Tour de France winner , threatening to strip the cycling legend of his triumphs . According to the agency , blood samples taken from Armstrong in 2009 and 2010 are "  fully consistent with blood manipulation including EPO use and/or blood transfusions . " The agency also accuses Armstrong of using and promoting the use of EPO  a blood booster  , blood transfusions , testosterone , HGH and anti-inflammatory steroids . In an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " Tyler Hamilton , Armstrong 's former teammate , said he witnessed the star using EPO on multiple occasions . Armstrong , of course , denies all the charges . I do n't believe him . He says he is clean and innocent -- just as Barry Bonds was clean and innocent , just as Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa and Marion Jones and Shawne Merriman and every other too-good-to-possibly-be-true athletic freak was clean and innocent , too . He is a victim of the media . A victim of jealousy . A victim of haters . A victim of sport inconsistencies . Why , he 's passed 350 tests and , even if the testing system is a complete joke , well , hey , he passed . Ludicrous . What Lance Armstrong is allegedly doing -- what all athletes in his shoes seem to do -- is beyond damaging . Across the world , millions of people believe in Armstrong 's narrative . They love his wins , yes , but what drives them and inspires them is the way he faced cancer and battled back from a near-death experience . Young children in pediatric care have been relayed his story , have been told that one day , if you stay strong and fight and believe , you , too , can be just like Lance Armstrong . Sigh . Surely , somewhere along the way , Armstrong apparently convinced himself that there was no other way . As the common athletic thinking goes : If everyone else is cheating , I need to cheat , too . That logic , now pervasive throughout all levels of sport , has turned our athletic endeavors into fraudulent clown shows . For every Bonds and McGwire and Roger Clemens , there were clean ballplayers being robbed of their greatness . I 'll never forget a conversation I once had with Sal Fasano , a journeyman catcher who spent his nine-team , 11-year big league career desperately trying to hold on to a job . We were chatting about all the catchers who were named in the Mitchell Report ; all the men who loaded up , then stole the positions he was battling for . "  There 's an idea that everyone cheats , " Fasano said . "  Well , I do n't , and I never have . For me , it 's about integrity . That 's what counts . " Like Barry Bonds , Lance Armstrong is the last to know where he is headed . We are already beginning to speak of him as we do Alf and Emmanuel Lewis and Small Wonder on one of those "  I Love the '80s " shows . We 'll look back at his cycling reign and shrug , because it will be merely an illusion , an ugly period when people cheated to win , then faced a lifetime of banishment . News : Lance Armstrong responds to agency 's doping allegations We will laugh . Then we will shrug . Then -- nothingness . Lance Armstrong will be invisible . As he should be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : Great sports cheaters are always the last to anticipate their downfall One example : Barry Bonds was high-living , inaccessible , felled by a doping scandal , he says He says Lance Armstrong now charged in doping , could be stripped of cycling triumphs Pearlman : Armstrong , others hurt fans , other athletes ; they are soon banished , forgotten
CNN Student News  -- February 19 , 2014 Fiery protests light up the night in Kiev . Today , CNN Student News explains how Ukraine is a nation divided . We also tell you where this winter ranks in terms of snowfall levels for some U.S. cities . And we examine the convenience and potential danger of shopping without using cash . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources would you go to if you were trying to get credible information on the safety , reliability and gas mileage of a car you wanted to buy ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . whiteout conditions 2 . gas mileage 3 . malware Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is happening in Kiev , Ukraine ? From what country did Ukraine get its independence in 1991 ? What issue is causing so much tension among its people now ? 2 . What problems has record snowfall caused for travel and for schools throughout the northern and midwestern U.S. ? What are some school districts considering in order to make up for snow days ? What kinds of weather are causing problems and destroying property on the West Coast ? 3 . What new requirement is President Obama ordering for trucks , vans and buses ? Why ? What might be a downside to this requirement ? How has the American trucking industry responded to the executive order ? 4 . What are "  non-cash transactions " ? According to the video , how much money was involved in non-cash transactions in 2012 ? What recent cases of cybercrime were , according to the video , "  a global wake-up call " ? Why does New York 's district attorney call this a tsunami ? What evidence suggests that these were sophisticated crimes ? How have the retailers responded ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that snow days present a problem for school administrators ? What would you suggest as a way to make up for snow days ? 2 . What do you think are some advantages of using credit cards in retail stores ? What are some disadvantages ? What might be some things consumers can do to protect themselves from credit card fraud and identity theft ? Since not all credit card fraud is preventable , what would you do if you were the victim of cybercrime ? What role , if any , do you think that retailers should play in protecting consumers from cybercrime ? 3 . According to the video , what kind of information is music service Pandora gathering from its users ' preferences ? Do you think this data is accurate ? Why or why not ? How might you go about assessing its validity ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- Shortly after Kathleen Sebelius was tapped to carry out President Barack Obama 's signature health care reform effort , the head of Health and Human Services found herself in the crosshairs of Republicans determined to repeal the law . The two-term Kansas governor-turned-Obamacare-chief-defender is resigning as health secretary . She 's leaving after a problem-plagued rollout of HealthCare.gov , the federal website portal critical to the law 's implementation , but with the administration taking a victory lap after unexpectedly reaching and then exceeding its sign-up target of 7 million . Obamacare hits 7.5 million sign-ups , Sebelius says A tweet by David Axelrod , former senior adviser to Obama , perhaps best sums up the tension Sebelius faced as she tried to navigate implementing the controversial law familiar as Obamacare . "  When all is said and done , Sebelius has lots to be proud of including the surprisingly strong finish on exchange signups after a rocky start , " Axelrod wrote . That sentiment is "  a little passive aggressive , " said Ryan Lizza , a CNN political commentator . "  They want the message to be : blame Sebelius with the problems with Obamacare especially as they go into a midterm election where this is going to be a big issue . I think that 's a little unfair to her . " It was n't always this way . She once was seen as a Democratic Party rising star when she was tapped to deliver the Democratic response to President George W. Bush 's final State of the Union address . She was the Midwestern girl whose political blood ran blue but flourished in a red state . Her father was a former Democratic governor of Ohio . She was a fan of NASCAR and college sports , running and the Rolling Stones . She ran for the governor 's office with promises to improve government efficiency and create a more business-friendly climate within the state . She navigated a judicial order to boost school spending during a time when her state was facing one of its worst budget crises since the Great Depression . She was also able to help lead the state to an economic recovery and lower unemployment , according to the state 's website at the time . In 2008 , Newsweek magazine called her "  one to watch " and Time magazine dubbed her one of four "  rising stars from the heartland , " and put on the short list as one of the country 's five best governors . Democratic blogger Markos Moulitsas in 2006 predicted on his Daily Kos Web site that Sebelius would be on the shortlist for vice president on the party 's ticket . He also gave her kudos for wooing frustrated Kansas Republicans . She was n't Obama 's first choice to head Health and Human Services -- Sen. Tom Daschle of South Dakota was forced to withdraw over a controversy with his tax records and questions about work some considered lobbying . It was hoped that her background as someone who worked across the aisle could help Obama as he set about the herculean task of health care reform . Despite an initial controversy over what she called "  unintentional errors " in tax returns and pushback from both pro-life and pro-choice advocates , she sailed through Senate confirmation on a 65-31 vote . GOP senator : Sebelius the ` laughingstock of America ' As the Affordable Care Act neared implementation , she faced increasing scrutiny from Republican members of Congress who wanted to forestall Obamacare 's momentum . That pressure and criticism only increased after the mandate became law in 2010 without Republican support . She , her agency and the administration faced blistering criticism about the law 's legality -- challenges that were decided by the Supreme Court . She was routinely grilled at congressional hearings about whether the law could be implemented on time , was financially sustainable and if the administration would hit enrollment targets . And she was hammered in hearings over the Web portal 's disastrous roll out in October . HHS chief : President did n't know of Obamacare website woes beforehand There were calls for her resignation from a number of House Republicans and several senators amid the HealthCare.gov debacle . Obamacare enrollment eventually exceeded its target of 7 million -- but not without a last-minute surge in the days before the deadline in March . And senior administration officials say Sebelius told the President last month that it would reach its goal and that would be a good time for her to go . The Obama official said Sebelius ' decision to leave had little to do with the initial uproar over the website . A White House official praised her overseeing "  one of the most consequential initiatives of this administration " as well as her efforts to "  improve children 's health , expand mental health care , reduce racial and ethnic disparities , bring us closer to the first AIDS-free generation and promote women 's health . " Republicans paid her backhanded compliments . "  She had an impossible task : nobody can make Obamacare work , " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor tweeted . Obama acknowledged the botched rollout of the enrollment website under Sebelius ' watch . "  She 's got bumps . I 've got bumps , bruises , " he said on Friday . But "  the final score speaks for itself . " But some see the administration 's handling of Sebelius ' departure as damning with faint praise . "  I mean , this is one of those classic Washington dances where the administration praises the person but the at the same time you want the message to sort of suddenly be that we were n't so happy with what she did and this -- and we could n't of course get rid of her when the website was a disaster , right , " Lizza said . Members of her party back in her home state told the Kansas City Star they were stunned by Sebelius ' move but could well understand her motivation . "  I think she has had the toughest job in Washington over the past four years , " Jim Slattery , a former congressman and U.S. Senate candidate , told the paper . "  She has done a good job under the worst possible circumstances you can imagine . " Sebelius told the Star in an interview on Thursday that she always knew she would not "  be here to turn out the lights in 2017 . " During Friday 's event , where Obama also nominated her successor , Sebelius stood next to the President . And she described her time as health secretary as "  the most meaningful work I 've ever been a part of . " She leaves the job in May . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Jake Tapper and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Sebelius became the face of Obamacare 's rocky roll out Officials : Sebelius told Obama in March that she would resign Sebelius was a two-term governor in largely Republican Kansas Sebelius called her time in D.C. "  the most meaningful work I 've ever been a part of "
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish police seized a total of 1,600 kilos of bomb-making materials this week from suspected ETA hideouts -- the largest haul ever against the Basque separatist group in Spain . Authorities also arrested three ETA suspects this week -- including one during a seizure on Thursday -- in the latest actions in a police crackdown against ETA despite its unilateral cease-fire declared last January 10 . The Spanish government has vowed to keep up the pressure on ETA because the outlawed group , listed as a terrorist organization by the European Union and the United States , has broken cease-fires in the past . The police on Tuesday arrested two men in northern Spain suspected of supplying explosives and bomb-making materials to ETA . A search of their property turned up 850 kilos  1,870 pounds  of bomb-making components . Then on Thursday , the police discovered another 750 kilos  1,650 pounds  of explosives and components at various suspected hideouts , and arrested a third suspect . The two seizures totaled about 3,520 pounds . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence , many of those due to car bombs and package bombs . Last month in France , police arrested the suspected military chief of ETA , in charge of commandos who carry out the bombings . In recent years , the police have arrested in succession a series of suspected ETA military chiefs as ETA replacements step in to fill the vacant position at the top . Also last month , in northern Spain , police arrested four key ETA suspects who authorities said had tried to operate under police radar , carrying on ostensibly law-abiding lives but secretly working for ETA . Police seized 200 kilograms  440 pounds  of explosives in those raids . Top government officials have said ETA appears to be weaker than ever , but they have warned that the group still has the capacity to kill . The Socialist government and the main opposition conservative party have said ETA 's current unilateral cease-fire is not enough , and that only a commitment to permanently end the violence and lay down weapons would suffice . Deputy Prime Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said last month , "  The government 's anti-terrorist policy has not changed at all because ETA has not definitively abandoned its weapons . And as long as it does n't , the police will continue to arrest them , one after another . "	Police seize 750 kilos of bomb-making materials from suspected ETA hideouts This week , more than 1,600 kilos of explosives and components have been found ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its campaign for Basque independence Officials say ETA appears to be weaker than ever , but warn it the group is still deadly
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans in Washington say they are breathing a sigh of relief now that the Kansas secretary of state has ruled that the Democratic Senate candidate will stay on the ballot in November even though he dropped out . It 's a case of political whiplash for national Republicans , who just hours earlier scrambled to send strategists to Kansas when it suddenly became a head-to-head race between incumbent Republican Pat Roberts and an independent candidate with libertarian views , who would likely pull GOP votes from Roberts . The matchup appeared to make it harder for the GOP to seize the Senate majority . Now a GOP strategist tells CNN that Republicans believe keeping Democrat Chad Taylor on the ballot is "  enormous " because he was only getting 30 % of the vote when he was actively campaigning . Republicans predict the Democrat will still get about 10-25 % of the vote on Election Day , making it easier for Roberts to beat independent candidate Greg Orman . The National Republican Senatorial Committee , which works to get Republicans elected to the Senate , was already dispatching veteran GOP strategist Chris LaCivita to Kansas , a GOP source tells CNN . The source called it just the first move to try to help bolster Roberts ' campaign , which national Republicans worry is lackluster and ill-equipped to run an unexpectedly competitive campaign . Republicans had also enlisted help from former Sen. Bob Dole , the longtime senator from Kansas and a former Senate majority leader , who was already scheduled in the state this week . A source close to Dole tells CNN he is playing the role as "  super consultant " to Roberts , an old friend . The Senate race in Kansas just got more interesting 5 Senate races to watch in 2014 Republicans were moving fast because of the national importance of the race in the GOP quest to regain control of the Senate in November . The GOP has to pick up six seats to take over the Senate . Their advantage has been that they are only playing defense in two states : Kentucky and Georgia . Adding Kansas to the list has many implications , most immediately with money . After 30 years in Senate , McConnell tries to run as ` candidate of change ' Republican resources are already spread thin because there are so many neck-and-neck races where they are spending campaign cash -- mostly where they are playing offense trying to pick up Democratic seats everywhere from Louisiana to Alaska to North Carolina and New Hampshire and beyond . When Roberts narrowly won a GOP primary race earlier this year , Republicans thought he would have relatively smooth sailing towards re-election . Kansas is so conservative , it has only been represented by Republican senators for three quarters of a century . U.S. Chamber ramps up efforts in key N.C. Senate race But then Orman began to climb in the polls . The three-way race was already making things tougher for Roberts , but on Wednesday night , Taylor abruptly withdrew , paving the way for a head to head matchup between Roberts and Orman , an independent running on a libertarian platform . Republican strategists tell CNN they had to drag Roberts over the finish line for his GOP primary race , and they hope he understands that he has to work harder than before to win re-election .	Kansas secretary of state rules Democrat must stay on ballot even though he dropped out GOP feared with no Democrat , an independent could beat incumbent Pat Roberts Independent Orman is running on a libertarian platform , which could take votes from Roberts
Washington , Illinois  CNN  -- Now the long , arduous road to recovery begins . Hundreds of families in the Midwest must find a way to rebuild their lives after 76 reported tornadoes destroyed almost everything they had . Here are some of those accounts - stories of those who survived , those who did n't , and those left devastated by the twisters . THE DECEASED ` She just kept saying , ` Get me out " Amy Tippin and her two boys survived the tornado that tore through New Minden , Illinois , by huddling in a creek bed . When it passed , she rushed next door to look for her grandparents . She found her grandmother , 78-year-old Frances Hoy , under a pile of rubble . "  She just kept saying , ` Get me out , get me out , " Tippin tearfully recalled to CNN affiliate KSDK . "  I just was holding her . I told her how much I loved her . " Hoy did n't make it . Neither did Hoy 's brother , 80-year-old Joseph Hoy . His body was found in a field about 100 yards from the decimated home the siblings shared . "  They 'd do anything for you , " neighbor Bill Funke told the Belleville News-Democrat . "  They were friendly , outgoing and really liked exotic animals , " he told the paper . In addition to the Hoys , the storms claimed the lives of four other people in Illinois and two in Michigan . In Washington , Illinois , the body of 51-year-old Steve Neubauer was found near his home , Tazewell County officials said . And three people in Massac County -- Kathy George , 58 ; Robert Harmon , 56 ; and Scholitta Burrus , 63 -- were killed when the storm struck southern Illinois . In Perry , Michigan , 59-year-old Phillip Smith was found dead , tangled in live power lines . Officials said a 21-year-old man was killed in Jackson County , but did n't release his name . Video captures twister 's incredible power THE SURVIVORS ' I do n't know how anybody made it through this ' Mandy Lancaster begged her husband to stop filming the twister headed straight toward their home in Washington , Illinois . But he could n't . He was transfixed by the extent of nature 's fury as the tornado ripped his house to shreds . "  I got hit by some debris or something and cut my eye in three places , " Kris Lancaster said , his right eye heavily bandaged . Eventually , he ducked into the basement and survived . His wife and children survived , too . But the house did not . "  I do n't know how anybody made it through this , " Mandy Lancaster said in front of her open refrigerator , which stood alone amid mounds of unrecognizable debris . The couple sifted through the pieces for anything they could start rebuilding their lives with . "  Ah-ha ! Hahaha ! " Kris Lancaster shouted as he wrested a DVD from under a pile of furniture . "  The video of my wedding . " How to help THE DEVASTATED ` It 's gone . I do n't know where it went ' The storm destroyed or severely damaged as many as 400 homes in Washington alone , Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said Monday . A National Weather Service team confirmed the storm had winds of 170 mph to 190 mph . In Kokomo , Indiana , the roof of a building sat in the middle of a road . A car rested on the mountain of rubble from a leveled home . More than 570,000 people in Illinois , Indiana and Michigan were still without power early Tuesday . The mayor of Washington , Illinois , summed up the situation in a few words : "  Devastation . Sadness . People that lost everything , " Mayor Gary Manier said . The storm struck his town around 11 a.m. Sunday , when many of its 10,000 residents were at church . That 's where Curt Zehr was when his wife texted him . "  She texted me and said the house is gone , " Zehr told CNN . "  I said , ` Whose house ? ' " She said , ` Our house . ' " Resident Michelle Crumrine said the winds swept her home and everything in it clean away . "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and I do n't have anything , " she said . "  It 's gone . I do n't know where it went . " Steve Bucher , too , has months of rebuilding ahead . The storm took most of his house down to the decking over his walk-out basement , "  Within 30 seconds , the house was literally vibrating from the direct hit of this funnel cloud , " Bucher said . "  I think my attitude was in the next minute and a half , we 're either going to be in heaven , we 're going to be in the hospital or we 're going to walk out of here . " And they did . Neither he nor his wife was hurt . "  Everything else is rebuildable , " Bucher said . "  I could n't replace her . " ` The sky was just rumbling ' CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported from Washington , Illinois . CNN 's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Justin Lear also contributed .	Eight people were killed , including six in Illinois and two in Michigan 120 people were injured in the city of Washington , Illinois More than half a million people were without power in the Midwest early Tuesday
Jenny McCarthy is joining ABC 's "  The View " -- one of the most visible morning TV shows in America . In the press announcement , Barbara Walters said of her , "  Jenny brings us intelligence as well as warmth and humor . She can be serious and outrageous . " Let 's talk about the outrages . Much of the criticism toward hiring McCarthy , including mine , has focused on her stance against vaccines . She has repeatedly claimed that that vaccines played a major role in giving her son autism , that he "  recovered " from autism thanks to a special diet , and the government and medical establishment did not bother to investigate her son 's recovery . She argues that we vaccinate too much , too quickly , and that the research on a link between autism and vaccines should continue . Her charity , Generation Rescue , continues to question the safety of vaccines and sponsors events starring anti-vaccine advocates , such as Andrew Wakefield , a disgraced British doctor . Let us be clear : The statements she has made about vaccines are deceitful and dangerous . If you 're curious about the anti-vaccine scare and McCarthy 's part in spreading misinformation , read "  The Panic Virus " by Seth Mnookin or follow the work of Phil Plait . If you think a few parents choosing not to vaccinate their children has no impact on your life , Plait and Mnookin  and the CDC and pretty much every pediatrician  will gladly refute that misconception . But beyond the damage she 's already caused , I 'm worried about what she 's going to do next , now that she has an even bigger platform . McCarthy has displayed a willingness to leap into new belief systems and promote them to people hungry for answers . Her journey through the world of hunch-based parenting has taken a number of twists and turns . In 2006 , as recounted by Mnookin , a random woman told McCarthy that her son was a "  Crystal " and McCarthy an "  Indigo . " Suddenly , McCarthy plunged into the new age philosophy of Indigo moms and their Crystal children -- believed to be the next phase of human evolution . That never took off so she dumped it and moved on to the anti-vaccine movement . She landed time with Oprah and Rosie , and wrote multiple books on "  healing autism . " Although her TV and movie career eventually stalled , her popularity among desperate parents , discredited scientists , sellers of snake oil , and conspiracy theorists has apparently propelled her back into the spotlight . "  The View " is watched by millions of people , many of whom are parents of young children , a staple market for daytime TV . Parents are more likely to jump at "  fads " rather than sticking to "  evidence-based " parenting . It 's hard to blame them for this characteristic -- they are primed to be afraid . Parents are told that unless they buy a given product , their child will get sick , learn too slowly , fail to flourish , or even die . Being a parent requires so many leaps of faith on a day-to-day basis . We just hope and pray that we 're getting it mostly right . When someone claims to have answers , especially someone with the intelligence and charisma of a Jenny McCarthy , parents are easy targets . In the world of special needs parenting , a world to which both McCarthy and I belong , parents are even more afraid and seek answers . Doctors present parents like us with long lists of risk factors and complicated prognoses . The days are hard , laden with therapies , doctor visits , worries about medical expenses , estate planning , schooling , bullying , transportation , and so much more . All of the fears become magnified . I do n't want you to pity parents of children with special needs , but do understand that many of us are looking for answers to questions we barely understand . Parents of children with autism , in particular , have proven especially susceptible to fraud and fear . Life with autism can be hard . Studies found that stress levels for primary caregivers of children with autism compare to those of soldiers deployed in combat zones . Some parents have not only followed McCarthy 's decision to create a gluten-free/casein-free diet , as still advocated on her organization 's website , but have pursued much more extreme measures . At this year 's Autism One/Generation Rescue conference in Chicago , many sessions focused on costly stem-cell treatments , though no science supports the idea that injecting a child with stem cells will cure autism . In previous years , panels at the same conference have promoted the practice of giving autistic children bleach orally and as an enema -- all as part of a detox method  predicated on the idea that autism is an environmental disease  . Parents who do this are not cruel ; they 're just looking for hope . Enter Jenny McCarthy , a woman who evangelizes . She jumps at fads , hunches , intuitions and really bad ideas . She believes them . She makes them hers . Then she builds institutions to promote them with the full-throated roar of a new convert . McCarthy has profited handsomely from her outrageous views . She is intelligent , funny and persuasive . She writes books that sell very well . Her organizations throw successful events . She is a tireless promoter of her ideas . And now she 's a host on "  The View . " What idea will she seize on next ? What dangerous fad will she claim needs more study ? How many parents , at home in the morning , will be persuaded ? I 'm deeply disappointed that Barbara Walters and ABC have decided to let us find out the answers to these troubling questions .	Jenny McCarthy is joining ABC 's "  The View " -- one of the most visible morning TV shows David Perry : The criticism toward hiring McCarthy focus on her anti-vaccine stance He says McCarthy has made statement about vaccines that are false and dangerous Perry : Now that she has a bigger platform , what dangerous ideas will she seize on ?
CNN  -- Cautious American travelers have long avoided travel to North Africa and the Middle East , and the recent attacks on U.S. consulates are n't likely to make the risk-averse reconsider . Yet seasoned travelers say a lack of familiarity with those regions creates generalization and confusion among travelers that could work against tourism to the United States , if the tables were turned . "  I was in Tunisia when ... people were killed at the theater in Colorado , and I was in Tunisia when there was a shootout at the Empire State Building . What people think over there when they hear this , you would think no one would ever come to the United States , " said Jerry Sorkin , owner of TunisUSA , a tour operator that organizes trips to destinations including Tunisia and Algeria and had recently been weighing resuming tours of Libya , which the company suspended last year . Veterans of travel to tense or unstable areas are n't easily deterred , despite shocking acts of violence like the attack that killed U.S. ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens . Still , acts of terrorism obviously give many travelers  and their parents  pause . One New York City-based father was trying Wednesday to touch base with his son , who is spending a junior semester abroad in Jordan . "  Jordan is of course much safer and more stable , " said the father , who declined to be identified out of concern for his son 's safety . "  But of course I am concerned and have tried to Skype him  left a message  and will talk to him later . The fact is that life goes on for the vast majority of people in these countries despite the ` big ' events . " Pathik "  Tik " Root wo n't let the recent attacks alter his plans to travel to Yemen in two weeks for a new job at a start-up news agency . Root was just starting a semester abroad in Damascus , Syria , last year when he stumbled onto what he thinks may have been an anti-government protest in the Old City . He was arrested and held for two weeks in a Syrian prison before being released . U.S. increases embassy security worldwide after Libya attack "  Attacks like these are meant to change behavior , and if I were to drastically change my plans or my routine it could , in their eyes , justify their use of violence , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  The attacks were intended to be a provocation , but we should n't take the bait . " "  Yes I will likely be a bit more cautious about what I do and how I do it in Yemen as a result -- especially on potential flash-point days like 9/11 -- but I 'm still going there , " Root said . Despite the violence and cautions from the State Department and U.S. embassies to Americans living or traveling abroad , Root and other expatriates say they will carry on with their plans in politically volatile parts of the world , taking the precautions they would advise for any American . Ask lots of questions If you 're visiting someplace for the first time , talk to experienced travel agents and well-traveled friends and ask lots of questions . The violence in a particular country may not be occurring in a nearby country . The violence in Libya "  certainly will inhibit people from wanting to go to that part of the world and many of them are already inhibited rightly or wrongly , misunderstanding or not misunderstanding , they 're already feeling that they should stay away from the region , " said Sorkin , owner of TunisUSA . The company had been planning to launch a marketing campaign as part of its efforts to resume tours in Libya , but he said that any campaign "  would surely fall on deaf ears " over the next couple of months . The U.S. State Department issued a travel warning Wednesday against all travel to Libya by U.S. citizens . "  We 're constantly feeling the pulse  across the region  , not only on a personal level , but constantly with our people on the ground , " he said . "  Whether it 's drivers , guides , lecturers -- we never want to put anyone in harm 's way . But generally these regions are very safe . " Daily life not reflected in the news Raven Smith lives in Mali with her husband and 15-month-old son and pays attention to the political unrest there . "  I can see that the information that is publicized is not reflective of the day-to-day life here , " she wrote in an e-mail from the capital city of Bamako , where she works on a project strengthening agricultural systems in villages . The situation in Mali does n't capture the whole picture , Smith said . "  Weddings are still going on , holidays are being celebrated , fields are being tended . " She 's not naÃ ¯ ve , however . "  My plan with my family is that if Bamako seems that it is flaring up , that they will go and spend a few weeks visiting  my husband 's  family in Guinea until we see where everything settles , " she wrote . "  I truly hope it does n't come to that , but it is never a bad idea to have a backup plan . " Pay attention to cultural mores Whether you 're visiting for a short time or booking an extended stay , pay attention to cultural norms . "  I do try and respect the general cultural norms , " wrote Smith . "  No showing knees is a big one . Not drinking heavily in public , not inviting men into my house . I 'm married now , but even before . " "  I will always stand out , and I have to realize that , " she wrote . "  But I am also responsible for being a face of America . I am the one who can break stereotypes ... about Americans , and I take that pretty seriously , especially relating to the stereotypes about American women . " What do the locals say ? Just as New Yorkers or Los Angelenos might warn you to stay away from particular parts of their beloved cities , residents in other countries might tell you areas to avoid at night or during some events . Pay attention . "  Common sense that is necessary in any foreign country is still enough to get by here , " wrote Bradley Williams , an undergraduate at the American University in Beirut , via e-mail . "  Beirut is more or less safe despite the occasional burning tires  but  I would exercise caution when going to the Bekaa Valley or the South , " he wrote . "  Due to the kidnapping , it 's not a good idea to go by oneself , for fear of appearing a lone foreign spy ,  and it 's  not a good idea to travel there at night . However , I think this applies to all people in those areas , not just foreigners . " Get to know people American-born Chadwick Van Vasa lives in Tunisia in North Africa and is fluent in Arabic , the result of his mother moving to Morocco when he was a child and marrying a Moroccan . Yet he still stands out as a blond-haired , blue-eyed American in the capital city of Tunis , where he lives with his wife and three children and works as a business consultant . His solution ? The same notion that keeps people safe in their neighborhoods in Charlotte , Omaha and Seattle : "  I take interest in my neighbors , " said Van Vasa , speaking on his cell phone from Tunis . "  Our social life and work is very much integrated here . We make meals together . Our kids play together . Because of that , I do n't feel threatened . In my day-to-day life , I do n't see hostility in my personal interactions with friends . " Look at a map If you are determined to avoid any part of the world where violence has recently flared , there are still African , Middle Eastern and other countries to visit . Moroccan tourism often suffers when violence escalates in the region . Travel writer Zora O'Neill says she feels perfectly safe right now studying Arabic at a language school in Morocco for an upcoming book . "  Fortunately it 's Morocco , which is generally known for being stable , secure and thousands of miles from Libya . " How do you feel about global travel amid anti-American protests ? What do you do to stay safe ? CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Two weeks in a Syrian prison is n't keeping Pathik Root from traveling abroad A tour operator is keeping a close eye on political instability in North Africa Morocco often sees a drop in tourism when there 's violence in neighboring countries Daily life in Mali continues , despite political instability
CNN  -- Jeffrey Fowle never met Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller . But he 's been in their shoes . Just three weeks ago , Fowle -- like his fellow Americans , Bae and Miller -- was detained in North Korea . Within a half-hour of his release , he was on a plane leaving the isolated East Asian nation . "  On the ride to the airport ... I was hoping they 'd be on the plane as well , " Fowle said Saturday . "  I got there , and they said I was the only one coming home . " No more . On Saturday , the U.S. government announced that Bae and Miller will soon be joining Fowle on American soil after being released . Now in Ohio , Fowle wonders why it did n't happen sooner and why he was let go first , despite the fact Bae and Miller were detained before him . "  Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller should have been released before I was , " Fowle told CNN . "  But I 'm glad to hear that they 're on their way home . " It 's too early to say what their lives will be like back home . Miller has been held since April . For Bae , it has been nearly two years . Euna Lee , who was released from North Korea in 2009 after being detained for 140 days , said she wanted to return not just to her home , but to normal . "  You can imagine that that does n't happen , " Lee said . "  But that 's what , I 'm sure , they want to probably have ,  to  just come back to regular , mundane days . " North Korea releases Bae , Miller Conditions vary for detainees , but all isolated Numerous Americans have been detained over the years in North Korea , though that 's not to say that they 've all had identical experiences . Of the three released in the past few weeks , it appears Bae had it worst . The married father of three from Lynwood , Washington , moved to China in 2005 . A year later , he established "  Nations Tour , " a China-based tour company that specialized in tours of North Korea . A devout Christian , Bae was in Rason , an area along the northeastern coast of North Korea , when authorities arrested him in November 2012 . U.S. officials confirmed Bae 's detention the next month . The following May , he was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for "  hostile acts " against the Communist nation , and spent time in a labor camp , as well as a hospital . And Miller got six years of hard labor in September for "  acts hostile " to North Korea , all because he had ripped up his tourist visa and shouted his desire to seek asylum after arriving in the country , the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . Fowle received no such sentence after leaving a Bible at a club in northern North Korea , which he admitted doing . While also accused of "  perpetrating hostile acts , " and while he -- like Bae and Miller -- told CNN he signed documents admitting his guilt , Fowle said he did n't spend time in a jail or at a labor camp . Instead , he spent time in a high-rise hotel and a hospitality center since his detention last spring . Lee said that being cut off from the world is a major punishment in itself , with or without harsh conditions . "  Being isolated in a foreign country is very difficult , " she said . "  Having  no communication with family members or the outside world  makes  it even more hard . " Former detainee : ` I 'd tell them to keep the faith ' Thankfully , that wo n't be a struggle any more for Bae and Miller . If past releases are any indication , they 'll soon be hugging and kissing family members back in the United States , then going off to spend time with loved ones . "  What they really need is people around them  and in the public who  can continually give them positive attention , until they are fully recovered from this attention and isolation , " Lee said . Fowle said that his transition home was eased by the fact he got his old job back home in Ohio . That would seem impossible for Bae , who 's been gone longer and whose business was predicated on traveling to North Korea , as Fowle fully admits . Still , he believes that both Bae and Miller -- if they can survive months detained in North Korea -- can survive and thrive in their return home as well . Asked what he would say now to his two fellow Americans , Fowle said , "  I 'd tell them to keep the faith . "	Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller are the latest Americans released from North Korea North Korea released Jeffrey Fowle last month ; he had hoped Bae , Miller would be with him Fowle says he would tell the newly released Americans "  to keep the faith " Another former N. Korean detainee , Euna Lee , says the 2 probably want "  mundane days "
CNN  -- Look , up in the sky ! It 's a bird ! It 's a plane ! It 's Superman ! What the heck was that flaming thing streaking across Australian skies ? Australians in cities from Melbourne to Brisbane reported -- and , in some cases , filmed -- a large , burning object crossing the sky last week . Unlike the meteor that hit Russia in February 2013 , this sky phenomenon was manmade . Scientists quickly realized that it was the third stage of a Russian Soyuz rocket used to launch a weather satellite July 8 . Some , like Jonathan McDowell  @planet4589  of the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and Nobel Prize-winning Australian astronomer Brian Schmidt  @cosmicpinot  , spread the news on Twitter . Although the Down Under fireworks were spectacular enough to be alarming , most space debris falls harmlessly to Earth , completely unnoticed . Some spacecraft parts fall within days of launch but most over considerably longer time scales . In the nearly six decades since Sputnik became the first satellite to orbit the Earth in 1957 , humans have launched 7,500 satellites into orbit , according to McDowell . Those in low Earth orbit -- about 300 miles up -- travel through a very thin atmosphere that acts as a gradual brake on the satellite trajectory . Absent any human intervention , those satellites slowly spiral toward Earth over 10 or 20 years , depending on their exact orbit and the spacecraft shape . The Hubble Space Telescope has been in low Earth orbit for 24 years and counting only because astronauts boosted it back to a higher orbit at every space shuttle servicing visit . More than a thousand active satellites are orbiting the Earth right now . Slightly more than half are in low Earth orbit , including Hubble and the space station . Almost all the rest are in geosynchronous orbit , meaning they circle the Earth at the same rate it rotates . For a telecommunications company serving the U.S. , it 's obviously a big advantage to have a satellite hovering above the country all the time . A geosynchronous 24-hour orbital period requires a very high-altitude orbit . According to Newton 's 400-year-old law of gravity , orbital speed depends only on the mass of the body being orbited  in this case , the Earth  and the radius of the orbit  the radius of the Earth plus the height of the satellite above the Earth  . That 's why Hubble , the much larger space station , the much smaller early satellites like Sputnik and Explorer I , and any other low Earth-orbit satellite take only 90 minutes to circle the globe . Geosynchronous satellites are way , way up there . Those orbits wo n't decay anytime soon . It 's the low Earth orbit satellites that will fall down . Or rather , the dead satellite and related debris that ca n't be controlled by engineers at space agencies . Active satellites can be controlled from the ground ; for example , Hubble is continually repointed from one part of the sky to another as it observes this galaxy or that star . As the blockbuster movie "  Gravity " showed us , uncontrolled space debris can be very dangerous . In the movie , a Russian missile destroys a defunct satellite , starting a destructive and deadly chain reaction of debris destroying other satellites destroying still more satellites -- and , ultimately , destroying the space station in which the astronauts were based . In 1985 , the U.S. demonstrated anti-missile Star Wars capabilities by blowing up a solar observatory named P78 . Not only did this halt the science , it created a swarm of tiny pieces of debris . China did a similar thing in 2007 . As physics tells us , blowing something up does n't make it vanish ; it just makes lots of tiny pieces moving more quickly . And smaller pieces are much harder to spot and track . The U.S. Strategic Command tracks space objects . Its Joint Space Operations Center has catalogued more than 39,000 manmade objects in orbit . About 60 % have re-entered the atmosphere ; 16,000 remain in orbit today . Of these , only about 5 % are functioning satellites or payloads that can be controlled , while 95 % is inactive space junk , including rocket bodies . NASA estimates that there are half a million pieces of space junk floating around the Earth , most too small to be tracked . But even bits of debris no bigger than a gumdrop can cause serious damage . Satellite technology has made it easy to phone around the globe , to a metropolis or even to Mount Everest . The downside is , pieces of satellites are going to fall back onto Earth . Thankfully , only the largest solid hunks fail to burn up before reaching the ground . In 1979 , NASA 's Skylab  a much earlier version of the space station  famously fell to Earth amid nail-biting worry . A few scraps were recovered in Australia  poor Australia , again !  . Bits of ROSAT  a German X-ray astronomy observatory  and other satellites have also fallen to Earth . It is easy to calculate the path of the re-entering spacecraft because it is along the track of the orbit . But how quickly it descends depends on details that are much harder to predict . It makes a big difference how the structure burns and how it falls apart . Bigger pieces continue to hurtle downward while smaller pieces burn completely high up in the atmosphere . That 's why predictions of where space debris will land are notoriously uncertain . The good news is that only one-quarter of the surface of the Earth is land , and most of that is uninhabited . So damage to people and property is rare . Most falling space debris lands harmlessly and with no witnesses . The likelihood of serious damage is very low . But a big hunk of metal -- or a large asteroid -- falling in the wrong place could be catastrophic . It 's definitely a good idea to keep the Skylab-sized space junk controllable and to catalog asteroids that will pass near the Earth . But in the end , whether we go the way of the dinosaurs might just be down to luck .	A piece of space junk from a Russian rocket flew through the Australian sky Meg Urry : Space debris falls to Earth all the time ; most is harmless But a big hunk of metal -- or a large asteroid -- could be catastrophic , she says Urry : It 's definitely a good idea to keep the Skylab-sized space junk controllable
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Massive food distribution coordinated by the World Food Programme , international aid agencies and the Haitian government will begin Sunday in the quake-ravaged capital . WFP will roll out food at 16 distribution points across Port-au-Prince , the United Nations agency said . Each location will receive 42 metric tons of rice each for the next two weeks , and each family will receive a 25-kilogram ration of rice . Only women will be allowed into the distributions sites to collect the food , WFP said . Women are receiving the food vouchers because they tend to be responsible for the household food supply , said WFP spokesman Marcus Prior . "  Our long experience in food distribution tells us that by delivering food into the hands of women , it is more likely to be redistributed equitably among the household -- including the men , " Prior said . The agency said it will work with its partners to ensure that men in need of assistance are not excluded . The distribution sites will be set up with proper security , making it difficult for those not entitled to receive food to enter , he said . The WFP said the 16 fixed sites are a key step in establishing food security . "  It is the most complex challenge we have ever confronted , but this distribution system will not only allow us to reach more people , it will give us the qualitative step we need to facilitate the delivery of all kinds of humanitarian assistance in the weeks and months to come , " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said in a statement from Rome , Italy . The food aid plan involves at least eight private humanitarian agencies : Samaritan 's Purse , Catholic Relief Services , CARE , World Vision , ACTED , Save The Children , GOAL and ADRA . "  Together with our NGO partners we are working with the local authorities , churches and other civil society organizations to ensure that all male-headed households and others with special needs are not excluded from these distributions , " Prior said . Details of the plan were finalized at a meeting attended by WFP , the aid agencies and senior members of the Haitian government , said Ken Isaacs , vice president of programs for Samaritan 's Purse . He said those attending the meeting were given coupons , which are being handed out to needy families in the districts drawn up around each distribution point . The distribution will begin early Sunday . The two-week effort aims to reach 2 million people in Port-au-Prince but does not expand to those living in other quake-devastated cities like Leogane . Aid distributions to outlying areas will continue , Prior said . "  Up until now the nature of this emergency has forced us to work in a ` quick and dirty ' way simply to get food out , " Sheeran said . "  This new system will allow us to provide food assistance to more people , more quickly through a robust network of fixed distribution sites . " Multinational troops , including the U.S. military , will help secure food convoys and the distribution sites , Prior said . CNN 's Alec Miran and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	The World Food Programme will roll out food at 16 distribution points across city , agency says Each location will receive 42 metric tons of rice each for next two weeks Women will receive vouchers for a 25-kilogram ration of rice per family
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic ended up on the losing side in the Hopman Cup final Saturday just 24 hours after it was announced that the ATP 250 tournament he owned back in his native Serbia had folded . Djokovic and former World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic were beaten in the deciding mixed doubles 6-4 7-5 by Fernando Verdasco and Anna Medina Garrigues as Spain won the final 2-1 to claim the trophy at the mixed team event in Perth . Djokovic beat Verdasco in the opening rubber 6-3 7-5 but Ivanovic suffered a surprise 6-4 6-7 6-2 defeat to veteran baseliner Garrigues in their singles tussle as Spain drew level . Djokovic 's family has run the Serbia Open tournament , which was scheduled to take place from April 29 to May 5 in Belgrade , since 2009 . Staged on an outdoor clay court , it acted as a warm-up event for the French Open and was the first ATP tournament to be held in the country . . He had won the title twice , most recently in 2011 , while Italy 's Andreas Seppi claimed the crown in 2012 in what has turned out to be its last staging . Djokovic had opted not to play in his own event , dramatically reducing its appeal . A statement by Djokovic 's Family Sport company , the tournament organizers , was posted on the official ATP Tour website to confirm the decision , but without giving any reasons . "  We have made the most rational decision considering the circumstances . We are grateful for everyone 's contribution and help in running this event that brought a lot of international stars and attention to Serbia , " it read . "  Unfortunately , we will not be able to run the Belgrade tournament and we have decided to cease the tournament 's operations from 2013 . " Djokovic has suffered mixed fortunes since arriving in Australia for the defense of the title at the opening grand slam of the season later this month . Jetlagged on his arrival from Abu Dhabi , he suffered a scare when a crowd barrier collapsed on him during his opening match , a straight sets win over Seppi . He was also beaten by Bernard Tomic in his singles rubber in the match against hosts Australia , but against Verdasco in the final he showed the form which has kept him at the top of the world rankings for the past two seasons . He then had to watch Ivanovic lose a two-hour 38 minute tussle with Garrigues before they were second best in the doubles . Last year , the Serbian duo reached the final , but an abdominal injury to Ivanovic ended their chances . "  We were unfortunate last time , this time we were beaten by a better team , " Djokovic said after their defeat .	Novak Djokovic 's Serbia beaten by Spain in Hopman Cup final Djokovic and Ana Ivanovic beaten in deciding mixed doubles in Perth World No. 1 won his singles match against Fernando Verdasco Tournament Djokovic owns in Serbia has been axed from 2013 ATP schedule
CNN  -- Up to 37 people died Friday after a fire tor through a psychiatric institution in Russia , a regional branch of the country 's Investigative Committee said , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . A representative of Russia 's Emergencies Ministry gave a different toll , telling the news agency that 15 bodies had been recovered and 22 people were still missing after the fire outside the central Russian city of Veliky Novgorod . A criminal case has been opened to look into the cause of the fire , according to a statement on the Investigative Committee 's website . A total of 59 people were inside the building when the fire broke out , the Health Ministry said , according to RIA Novosti . The Emergencies Ministry said 23 people have been rescued , according to the news agency . Police are searching the area for residents who may have fled the site , it said . The fire broke out shortly before 3 a.m. Moscow time in the men 's ward of the Oksochi mental health care clinic , state-run Itar-Tass reported . The facility is a low-level wooden building . The fire has been extinguished , the news agency said , and dozens of emergency personnel are working at the scene . In April , a fire at another psychiatric hospital near the capital , Moscow , left 38 people dead . President Vladimir Putin called for an investigation and a closer focus on fire safety in hospitals after that blaze . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	NEW : As many as 37 people are dead in the fire , state media cite local investigators as saying The fire broke out at the psychiatric institution in the early hours , reports say The Emergencies Ministry says 23 people have been rescued , state media say A fire at a psychiatric clinic in April killed 38 people , sparking calls for better fire safety
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrived in Beirut for his first state visit to Lebanon Wednesday . Ahmadinejad was greeted at the airport by members of parliament , government officials and Hezbollah political leaders . The streets near the airport were packed with people in a festive mood carrying Iranian and Lebanese flags . The Iranian leader met Lebanese President Michel Suleiman at the Presidential Palace here and was scheduled to meet other leaders as well as leaders of Hezbollah 's resistance movement . The United States considers Hezbollah , which has close ties to Iran and Syria , to be a terrorist organization . The Shiite group is a political party and a major provider of social services in Lebanon , but it also operates a militant wing . Hezbollah has boasted of numerous attacks against American , Israeli and other Western targets . Some Muslims see it as a heroic organization , successful in its stated objective of driving Israeli forces from Lebanon . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has expressed concern to Suleiman about Ahmadinejad 's Lebanon visit , according to a State Department spokesman . But in southern Lebanon many were happy that Ahmadinejad was coming . That could be seen in places like the village of Bint Jbeil that had been reduced to rubble by Israeli bombings during the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel . The village is being rebuilt now largely do to money from Iran and Qatar . "  What he 's done for this country is amazing , the bridges , the roads , the financial aid . My house burnt down , they paid me an amount for my furniture , they made up for my loss , " said Mohamad Baydoun , a Bint Jbeil resident . Iran was quick to infuse Hezbollahs coffers with cash , then handed out to residents who had lost their homes and otherwise been effected by the war . It is also Iran that paved roads and built bridges . The mayor of Bint Jbeil emphasized just how crucial Iranian aid to his country has been . "  If it were n't for that money people may have not returned to their homes until now , " Afif Bazzi explained . "  The aid that Iran provided is considered one of the largest in helping rebuild after the July war , this money helped people a lot and that is why we saw people immediately returning . " Some experts say Ahmadinejad 's visit is Iran 's way of sending a clear message about its influence in the region , especially to the United States and Israel . "  Of course that usually is portrayed to mean that the Iranians are going to warn how much trouble they can cause , but the flip side of the message has always been , especially in recent years , look how much good we can do , look how much influence we have to help restrain things , " Middle East analyst Marc Sirois said . Iran is undeniably part of Lebanese politics , a reality that has raised concerns among those who are fearful that an increased Iranian role could destabilize Lebanon and the region and embolden Hezbollah . Analysts also point to the fact that Lebanon is the first front against Israel . "  It  the visit  plays out the idea that the Iranians are a player . That in the last active front line against Israel , the Iranians are the power behind the most active and powerful political actor in Lebanon which is Hezbollah , " Sirois said . The Israeli government has not formally responded to Ahmadinejad 's visit but some say they view it as provocation . Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry told CNN that Ahmadinejad 's trip "  is taking the form of a land lord coming to inspect his domain . " "  Ahmadinejad makes no mystery of his view of Lebanon as Iran 's border with Israel . It is quite clear that he comes to the region with malice toward all , with intention to destabilize an already volatile region at the service of the aggressive and extremist ideology of the ayatollahs , " Palmor added . The Iranian president 's planned visit to areas in Lebanon bordering northern Israel has led some in Israel to call for military action . "  It is our responsibility to stop anyone who publicly calls for our destruction , " said Israeli Knesset member Arieh Eldad from the far-right National Union party . "  That responsibility means us doing something and not waiting for the world to do something . If a situation arises in which Ahmadinejad is in the crosshairs of the IDF  Israel Defence Forces  , he should be killed . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Kevin Flower contributed to this	Ahmadinejad meets with Lebanon 's president He is also expected to meet with members of Hezbollah U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expresses concern about trip
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Haiti 's capital seemed to spring back to life Wednesday , more than a week after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake flattened many parts of the city and killed tens of thousands . Electrical power was still out most places , but traffic lights were functioning and chaotic traffic clogged many streets . Aid trucks , some guarded by blue-helmeted United Nations peacekeepers , were seen leaving the airport . Water trucks also were spotted in parts of Port-au-Prince . "  There 's energy in the air , " said Haitian-born J.B. Diederich , who lives in Miami but returned to Haiti for a few days after the earthquake . More U.N. convoys were seen moving through the city than in previous days , and so could vehicles for large nongovernmental organizations . Latest updates | Twitter | Full coverage Haitian police seemed to take a more active role , directing traffic and getting out of their vehicles to deal with some problem or other . For several days after the earthquake , heavily armed police officers were often seen speeding by in their trucks but did not seem to stop or do much . There also seemed to be more street vendors Wednesday . Some banks and wire-transfer companies plan to open Thursday , as do some stores , Diederich said . To be certain , Port-au-Prince still has a ways to go . But on Wednesday , the city seemed ready to leave the tragedy behind . A way out for U.S. citizens Any U.S. citizen who wants to leave Haiti on a U.S. military transport aircraft can do so simply by going to the airport and applying for voluntary departure at a State Department office placed on the tarmac . About 5,000 people have left in the past week , an official said . iReport : Search list for missing and found The service is available to U.S. citizens or anyone escorting a U.S. citizen who is a minor . Although the flights are initially free , the U.S. will try to recoup costs from individual passengers . The cargo planes would return to the United States empty if they were n't transporting citizens . Cubans wait with no way out A handful of Cuban citizens stood in a line next to the U.S. State Department tent at the airport while about 100 U.S. citizens were processed for a flight Wednesday afternoon . The Cubans wanted out , too , but there were no waiting planes . There were n't even any indications that a Cuban plane would arrive at all . Impact Your World "  Here everyone resolves their problems , and we do n't even have a way to get home , " said a woman who did not want to give her name . None of the three people interviewed by a CNN reporter would give their names . They laughed nervously when first asked and then said it would be too dangerous for them to comment openly .	"  There 's energy in the air , " Haitian-born man says Convoys , more police , aid , military presence on streets of Port-au-Prince More street vendors open ; some banks scheduled to open Thursday Americans leaving by U.S. military transport aircraft , Cubans still waiting
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili conceded his party 's defeat Tuesday , setting the stage for the nation 's first peaceful , democratic transition through election since the breakup of the Soviet Union . Victory in the parliamentary elections went to a coalition headed by billionaire businessman Bidzina Ivanishvili . Ivanishvili is set to become the next prime minister . Saakashvili will remain president until presidential elections next year . The result of Monday 's election means Georgia will have a multi-party parliament , boosting democracy in the nation , observers said . The vote also is a reflection of how the people feel about Saakashvili . He took power in 2004 after the Rose Revolution , the name given to widespread protests over disputed parliamentary elections . Saakashvili is credited with having changed the country by moving toward integration with the West , with steps such as seeking membership in the European Union and NATO . He also revamped the nation 's economy , retooling it to reflect a free market system . But critics said that beneath the surface , his government was dominated by Soviet-style "  administrative measures . " Ivanishvili , whose Georgian Dream alliance won a majority of seats in the 150-member parliament , said the new government would seek to mend the country 's troubled relations with Russia . The two nations fought a brief but bitter war four years ago over the breakaway region of South Ossetia . "  Restoring relations with the Kremlin is one of our main tasks and we will strive in every way to do this , " he told CNN . "  I think it 's achievable but not easy . First we have to convince the Kremlin that our strategy toward NATO and Europe is not harmful to and does not contradict Russian interests . " NATO ambitions His coalition shares the outgoing government 's ambitions to join the NATO alliance , he said . Russia and Georgia would also need to work together in the future to resolve the issue of separatist territories , Ivanishvili said . "  The Caucasus is a very complex and explosive region . I think , here , we will find common interests in the future , " he said . In a statement released by his office , Saakashvili said he would assist the transition to a new government and that his party , the United National Movement , would now assume the role of the main opposition . "  It is well known to you that for us , and for me personally , the ideas of the coalition are fundamentally unacceptable . There are very deep differences between us , and we think that they are extremely wrong , " he said . "  However , democracy works so that the Georgian people make decisions by majority and this is what we hugely respect . " Saakashvili paid tribute to the country 's achievements over the past eight years , citing progress in fighting crime and corruption as well as in building new institutions , and said his party would fight in opposition to protect those advances . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said the results indicate the people of Georgia want change . "  If these results become a reality , then the Georgian political landscape will be more diverse , " he said . "  It should be welcome because it probably means that more responsible and constructive forces are entering the parliament . " CNN iReporter Andro Kiknadze , 31 , shot video of jubilant opposition voters waving flags and honking car horns near Freedom Square in the Georgian capital , Tbilisi . He said he had voted for Saakashvili because he thought the president stabilized the country . "  Many things have changed since he came to power , " Kiknadze said . "  We are more stable and peaceful than before . " The United States hailed the election as a "  significant step in the consolidation of Georgian democracy . " "  Georgian citizens have set a regional and global example by conducting a competitive campaign , freely exercising their democratic rights , and affirming their commitment to undertake a peaceful transfer of power , " the White House said in a statement , adding that much work remains in coming days and months . The vote in the parliamentary election had not been fully tallied , with Georgia 's Central Electoral Commission continuing to count . The commission 's performance has been lauded as professional and independent , said Lorne Craner , president of the International Republican Institute , a democracy support organization funded by the U.S. Congress . "  There 's no question in my mind ... the election commission can be relied upon , " he said from Tbilisi . iReporter Jonathan Hackett , an American teacher living in the Imereti region in central Georgia , said the scene was calm Monday night and Tuesday morning , despite the large amount of support for Saakashvili in the region . "  It turns out the election was considered free and fair , at least in our little village , " he said . "  People were gathered outside the local convenience store discussing the outcome . " Power shift to prime minister The new system will shift power from the president to the new prime minister , according to Thomas de Waal , an expert on Georgia and a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The prime minister will be chosen by parliament , which thus hands important powers to whichever political force obtains a majority in parliament in the ... elections , " de Waal said . Until recently , Saakashvili and the United National Movement have controlled much of the political life in this country of 4.5 million people . Saakashvili has been praised by U.S. and European officials for making progress in the fight against corruption and for continuing economic reform . But critics , who coalesced behind Ivanishvili , said reform was only skin deep , and charged that Saakashvili has been pulling all the levers of Soviet-style "  administrative measures . " During the election campaign , they raised concerns about a level playing field for the opposition , alleging harassment and limitations over access to the media . Money was also a major issue during the campaign , experts said . Observers : Georgia opposition may be premature in declaring victory For example , the government tried to regulate how much could be spent on corporate contributions and that affected how much Ivanishvili could spend . "  I think that the government , at times , overstepped when it created an entity called the Chamber of Control and Fines to watch over these new regulations , " said Stephen Nix , the director of Eurasia at the International Republican Institute and an expert on Georgia . "  This means , overall , that there is a closer approach to democracy which will be felt about one year from now , in October 2013 , when a presidential election happens , " Nix added , speaking from Tbilisi . High stakes in polarized election For his part , Saakashvili has referred to the opposition leader Ivanishvili as that "  big money guy . " The president accused Ivanishvili of wanting to "  buy the whole system , " and said he saw behind him the hand of Russia . The president said he was concerned by the amount of wealth that Ivanishvili has accrued in Russia , and whether that money was used to influence the elections . "  We know what Russian money is all about , " he said . "  How it was made , what kind of methods were used , and certainly it is a source of concern , " he said . False stereotypes , Ivanishvili says A self-made businessman who made his money in Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union , Ivanishvili left Russia shortly after Vladimir Putin came to power . His staff confirms his status as Georgia 's richest man , with a fortune estimated at approximately $ 6.4 billion , equal to almost half of Georgia 's economic output . But he said "  it 's not money and wealth which is my capital . It 's trust from the people toward me . Money has nothing to do with this . " The billionaire said he had sold all his Russian assets , and defended his reputation . But Saakashvili insisted that not only Ivanishvili but Putin himself was trying to undermine Georgia . "  Vladimir Putin said clearly that he is interested in the Georgian election outcome . He clearly said that he wanted the Georgian government out . He clearly said that he wanted me to be physically destroyed , he said it publicly , " Saakashvili said . Georgia 's electoral waters were roiled by a shocking video that emerged last month showing abuse in a Georgian prison , including one male prisoner being sexually assaulted . The opposition claimed the video was proof of a repressive system put in place by Saakashvili and his government . Former Georgian prison guard : I witnessed abuse for years Saakashvili said his government had responded quickly and decisively to the video , citing an investigation that has led to arrests . "  Not only were the immediate perpetrators arrested , " he said , "  but two government ministers resigned because they shared political responsibility for allowing the system to fail . " Read more : Georgia interior minister quits over prisoner abuse videos The torture shown on the video is no accident , but part of a system that is shameful , Ivanishvili said . De Waal said the video is significant , as the prison population has quadrupled over the past eight or nine years . "  I do think it  the video  supports the opposition narrative that the government is arrogant and unaccountable . And this is obviously a war of two narratives over Georgia that we 're seeing in this election , " he said .	"  Restoring relations with the Kremlin is one of our main tasks , " Ivanishvili says Russia 's Medvedev says Georgia 's parliament is set to be more diverse Saakashvili says he respects the democratic process , will become leader of opposition The U.S. and Europe have praised reforms under President Mikheil Saakashvili
CNN  -- The U.S. military could provide logistical and intelligence support in the French effort against Islamist rebels in Mali , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday . Conflict explained : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? The U.S. will "  provide whatever assistance it can " as part of what Panetta said was the U.S. global efforts against al Qaeda . "  We have a responsibility to go after al Qaeda wherever they are . And we 've gone after them in the FATA  Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas  . We 're going after them in Yemen and Somalia . And we have a responsibility to make sure that al Qaeda does not establish a base for operations in North Africa and Mali , " Panetta told reporters traveling with him to Europe . The State Department said Monday the United States is in consultation with the French now on a number of requests that they have made for support . French defense minister : Islamist rebels gaining ground in Mali "  We are reviewing the requests that they have made , " spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Monday . The U.S. , she said , is "  not in the position to support the Malian military directly until we have democratic processes restored by way of an election in Mali . We are not in a position to train the Malian military until we have democracy restored . " Read more : Is this al Qaeda 's ` last chance ' for a country ? Panetta described the assistance as both logistical and intelligence . The United States already has started sharing intelligence from satellites and intercepted signals with the French , defense officials said Monday . In addition , the Pentagon is considering sending refueling tankers so that French jets can fly longer , more sustained combat mission , according to the officials . Drones "  are under consideration , " according to defense officials , though the military 's stash of unmanned aerial vehicles are in heavy demand . "  That 's one of the things we 're working through now , is how many and from where we 'd be able to provide those assets , " said one of the officials , noting that drones are being used in other conflict areas such as Afghanistan and Yemen . Although both caveat that these would be surveillance drones and said there are no plans yet to deploy armed unmanned aerial vehicles . Read more : France determined to ` eradicate ' terrorism in Mali The officials also say another intelligence-gathering assets under consideration are piloted planes . "  There 's no real air defenses to speak of in Mali , outside of AQIM firing guns in the air . So anything we send does not have to be our most secretive , less detectable equipment , " one of the officials aid . The US also considering giving "  airlift capacity " to the effort , similar to what the British have provided in two cargo planes , according to the officials . This "  would help the French with moving equipment , vehicles and people " to where they 're needed in Mali , the officials said . Panetta said al Qaeda 's Mali affiliate , Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , or AQIM , is not an immediate threat to the U.S. homeland but does pose a risk if it gains a foothold . U.S. officials have said the group was tied to the attack on the U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi , Libya . "  While they might not have any immediate plans for attacks in the United States and in Europe , that ultimately still remains their objective and it 's for that reason that we have to take steps now to ensure that AQIM does not get that kind of traction , " Panetta said , according to a transcript of Panetta 's remarks to reporters . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Panetta : "  We have a responsibility to go after al Qaeda wherever they are " The U.S. military could provide logistical and intelligence support for the French , Panetta says State Department 's Nuland says the U.S. would not support the Malian military directly Nuland : "  We are not in a position to train the Malian military until we have democracy restored "
CNN  -- Channing Tatum 's "  Magic Mike " is back in action . On July 3 , 2015 , Tatum 's stripper with a heart of gold will be back in theaters with a new story after winning over audiences in 2012 's "  Magic Mike . " And instead of simply calling the sequel "  Magic Mike 2 , " Tatum and his team have conjured up a more memorable title : "  Magic Mike XXL . " Because of course . In the first "  Magic Mike , " 33-year-old Tatum starred as the titular Mike , a construction worker and aspiring furniture designer by day and magical male stripper by night . Directed by Steven Soderbergh and including stars like Matthew McConaughey , Joe Manganiello and Alex Pettyfer , "  Magic Mike 's " summer 2012 debut was hot enough to earn $ 113 million domestically . According to Tatum , "  Magic Mike XXL " will shift the action from Florida nightclubs to the road . "  This one will be a road trip movie , " he told MTV on Sunday , when he was honored with the network 's Trailblazer Award at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards . "  We do n't want to make it a serious , slice-of-life movie . We want reality in it , but we do n't want to make it some dark drama . There was some darkness in the last one , and I think it surprised people and shocked people . This one , we want there to be a lot of conflict and struggle , but we also want a s *** - ton of fun . Just ridiculous stuff that you would never see in a movie . " Tatum is again writing and producing "  XXL " with Reid Carolin , with Gregory Jacobs directing . As far as the cast , "  I think everyone 's going to be back , " Tatum said , although he cautioned that deals are n't set in stone . "  Magic Mike XXL " will follow a very busy few years for Tatum . On the heels of success with 2012 's "  21 Jump Street " and "  Magic Mike , " the actor has starred in no less than eight films , with three of them still to come this year . His "  21 Jump Street " sequel with Jonah Hill , "  22 Jump Street , " arrives June 13 , and his sci-fi film with Mila Kunis , "  Jupiter Ascending , " bows on July 18 .	Channing Tatum 's "  Magic Mike " sequel is officially under way The movie , "  Magic Mike XXL , " will arrive in July 2015 Tatum expects most of the cast to return
CNN  -- A possible threat posed by thousands of westerners who have been drawn to Syria by the ongoing civil war has become a top worry among counter-terrorism officials in Europe and the United States , FBI Director James Comey said Friday . Dozens of U.S. residents have gone to Syria , made plans or attempted to go , Comey told reporters . Of equal concern , he said , were citizens of European and other countries who can easily enter the United States because of visa-waiver agreements . He drew comparisons to the thousands of foreigners who received military training in Afghanistan in the 1980s and 1990s , after first being drawn with U.S. encouragement to fight communism and then to join militant factions during the Afghan civil war . Some of those fighters became al Qaeda operatives , he noted , drawing a line from the Afghan war to the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks in the United States . "  There 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria , " Comey said . "  And we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 . " The comments came in a meeting with reporters at FBI headquarters that covered a number of topics . Comey said his agency was working with police around the country to try to help them respond to , and possibly thwart , mass shootings . He said the FBI 's Behavioral Analysis Unit is now providing advice to police in cases where they discover a possible plot in the planning stage . In the past week , he said , with the FBI 's help , one police agency was able to intervene and get a person to mental health treatment , possibly stopping an attack . Comey declined to provide more details about the incident . Comey also said police agencies around the country are now getting FBI training to do cyber investigations . As more crime moves from the street to online , more victims of theft could be helped by local police who are trained to do such investigations . That would allow the FBI to better use its limited resources , he said . "  Our strategy is for the FBI to try and focus its resources on the national security intrusions , and the largest most sophisticated criminal operations , " Comey said .	FBI Director James Comey says dozens of U.S. residents have gone to Syria Europeans and others who have gone to Syria also pose a concern to the U.S. , he said Comey met with reporters at FBI headquarters and discussed a range of topics
DELHI , India  CNN  -- India is on high alert after a series of near-simultaneous explosions killed at least 60 people and wounded 150 others in a top tourist spot , government and local officials told CNN-IBN . An injured man rests at Swai Man Singh Hospital in Jaipur . Bicycles and rickshaws were strewn about the streets , with pools of blood nearby , in the northwestern city of Jaipur . Motorcycles , pieces of which were found at nearly every bomb site , appear to have been used in the attacks , said Rajasthan Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , but Indian government officials -- including Minister of State for Home Affairs Shriprakash Jaiswal -- were quick to label it a terrorist attack . The eight explosions started at about 7:30 p.m.  1400 GMT  and detonated within 12 minutes of each other , police said . The bombs exploded within about 500 meters  0.3 mile  of each other in Jaipur 's old city , which is frequented by tourists . See the aftermath of the explosions . " An ninth bomb was defused , according to H.G. Raghavendra , a Jaipur city official . He described all the bombs as "  medium intensity . " "  There is no reason to panic , " he told CNN-IBN . "  Everything is under control . " One blast struck near Hanuman Temple , which was crowded with Hindus worshipping Hanuman , the religion 's monkey god . Another struck near a market area inside Jaipur 's walled city where tourists and locals frequent restaurants and shops . Jaipur , known as the "  pink city , " is about 260 kilometers  160 miles  southwest of India 's capital , New Delhi . Many of the casualties were taken to SMS Hospital , the largest government hospital in Jaipur . People gathered outside the hospital to hear news about friends and relatives ; the hospital issued an urgent appeal for blood donations . The state of Rajasthan , where Jaipur is located , was placed on alert , local officials said . Delhi police officials said they too were on high alert after the blasts and were receiving regular updates from Jaipur on developments in the investigation . The Deputy Chief Minister for the state of Maharashtra , R.R. Patil , said the entire state was also on high alert . Mumbai is in the state of Maharashtra . The attack was immediately condemned by the United States . U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the attacks were "  quite clearly an act intended to take innocent lives . " He told reporters at his daily briefing that Washington was still collecting information , and could not "  offer insight into who may be responsible . " According to the U.S. State Department , India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common . "  The conflict in Jammu and Kashmir , attacks by extreme leftist Naxalites and Maoists in eastern and central India , assaults by ethno-linguistic nationalists in the northeastern states , and terrorist strikes nationwide by Islamic extremists took more than 2,300 lives this year , " the agency said . It said India 's counterterrorism efforts "  are hampered by outdated and overburdened law enforcement and legal systems , " and described the country 's court system as "  slow , laborious , and prone to corruption . "	Eight quickfire explosions kill at least 60 people in northwest Indian city Bombs explode within 12 minutes of each other , 150 people also wounded Explosions within a small radius in Jaipur 's old city , popular with tourists Motorcycles appear to have been used in the attacks , state minister says
CNN  -- Luiz Felipe Scolari 's second stint as Brazil manager did n't go nearly as well as the first . A dozen years after leading Brazil to the World Cup title in Asia , he resigned in the wake of the Selecao 's capitulation in the semifinals and third-place defeat on home soil last week . Germany thrashed Brazil 7-1 in the last four -- it was the first time a team scored seven goals in a World Cup semifinal -- before the host meekly lost to the Netherlands 3-0 on Saturday . "  Luiz Felipe Scolari and his fellow coaching staff surrendered their positions to the board , " Brazil 's football federation , the CBF , said in a statement on its website , adding that the resignations were accepted . "  Scolari and all his backroom staff deserve our respect and thanks , " CBF president Jose Maria Marin told the website . "  They were responsible for returning to the Brazilian people a love for the national side , even if they did not achieve our highest aim . " Scolari 's decision was fully expected , since he said he was "  responsible " for the loss to Germany . Without injured talisman Neymar and captain Thiago Silva in the heart of defense , Brazil conceded four times in six minutes in the first half in Belo Horizonte , leaving fans in tears in the stands . There was no respite in the third-place game as the Dutch set the tone by netting in the third minute . Brazil 's Tite , who last guided Corinthians in his 20-plus year coaching career , is the favorite to take over from Scolari . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola , Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and ex-Brazil striker Ronaldo are also among the big names linked with the job . Even with a team that was considered far from vintage -- especially compared to previous Brazil sides -- many expected Brazil to win the World Cup after defeating Spain in the 2013 Confederations Cup final . But the warning signs that Brazil were not exactly buzzing were there in the opening game of the group stages of the 2014 World Cup . Scolari 's side were fortunate to top Croatia , benefiting from a dubious penalty . Since cutting ties with Portugal in 2008 , Scolari has n't had success with any of the sides he 's managed , including Chelsea and Palmeiras .	Luiz Felipe Scolari resigns as Brazil manager after Brazil thumped in last two games Eventual champion Germany thrashed Brazil 7-1 in the semifinals before another defeat Tite is now the favorite to succeed Scolari , who guided Brazil to 2002 World Cup glory Others linked with the job include Pep Guardiola , Jose Mourinho and Ronaldo
CNN  -- Ten years ago , international headlines were dominated by the shocking emergence of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome  SARS  , a new and quick-spreading deadly virus that began in Southern China and took just weeks to spread to 37 different countries . Perhaps the illness 's biggest legacy though is illustrating the speed and ease with which a disease can traverse the global travel network and how frequent flyers can often be in the front line . "  They 're more exposed because they 're in contact with a higher number of  potentially infected  individuals , " says Yamir Moreno of University of Zaragoza , an expert in the spreading patterns of epidemics . "  While traveling , they remain confined in a relatively small space , where they interact with other passengers that , again , might already be infected . " Though passengers often consider a plane pumping recycled air as an incubator for disease , such a viewpoint is inaccurate , according to Martin Fendt , a spokesman from plane manufacturing company Airbus . Only a portion of the air inside a plane is recirculated ; the rest is fresh air sourced from outside . The recycled air is passed through High Efficiency Particulate Air  HEPA  filters , which removes viruses , bacteria and dust . "  Because air is circulated vertically around each row and drawn out through under-seat floor vents , it can not move forward or aft . So the ability of viruses to transfer beyond a seat row is almost zero , " he adds . Read more : Is the travel industry prepared for the next epidemic ? Fortunately , many of the health risks faced by road warriors can be easily mitigated with a little education . According to Gregory Hartl , a spokesman at the World Health Organization , "  if frequent travelers are aware of the risks , and take the required precautions , they can minimize the risk of acquiring disease . " Phyllis Kozarsky , a medical consultant with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , confirms that reading up on an area before setting off is one of the best ways to safeguard one 's health . "  People need to be alert to pubic health messages and what 's emerging , be it SARS or H1N1 , " she says . She adds that disease prevention is n't too different abroad as it is on the ground . "  Do the same things you would at home to avoid illness , mainly , wash your hands frequently . You can pick things up on your hands that you can transfer by rubbing your eyes , or touching your face . " While epidemics attract the headlines sexually transmitted infections and vector - and food-borne illnesses still top the charts when it comes to mortality rates . "  Sometimes , when people are going to exotic places , they focus on strange diseases that do n't happen very often , like Ebola , that are strong media contenders , when actually , influenza or malaria might be the biggest risk , " says Kozarsky . Andy Tatem , a reader in the Geology and Environmental Science department at the University of Southampton is the developer of vbd-air . com , a web tool developed for the Transportation Research Board to help track the spread of mosquito-transmitted illnesses via air travel . He believes the most prevalent travel-related ailments are also avoidable . "  Most of the diseases people contract abroad are preventable . In some instances , it 's just a matter of getting the right vaccine , or wearing insecticide and sleeping under a bed net , " he says . "  Truthfully , outbreaks like SARS and H1N1 can be more difficult to avoid , because they can hit a city before you even know it . Whereas you can lower the risks of diarrhoeal diseases  which are among the most prevalent  simply by being careful with drinking water and making sure all the food you eat is cooked . " Kozarsky reiterates the point , adding that many traveler afflictions are also self-treatable . "  If you have the right medication with you , you can feel better in a matter of minutes , instead of days , " she notes . She advises consulting a good travel doctor for a list of recommended vaccines and medications  the International Society of Travel Medicine has a global directory online  . She also recommends venturing out to the drug store prior to travel . "  Go to your favorite pharmacy and walk up and down the aisles , and take the things off the shelf you 'd like to have at home , " she advises , adding that Imodium and antibiotics are essential additions to any travel medical kit . Really , though , the biggest suitcase essential is common sense , "  which most people forget to pack when they travel , " she says .	Frequent flyers in frontline of potential infectious diseases Only a small portion of plane cabin air is recycled Airbus spokesperson says chances of viruses being transferred is low Most travelers should take same health precautions they would at home
CNN  -- Could a floating dome that can house up to 10,000 people be a model for future living ? Russian architect Alexander Remizov thinks so -- and his prototype design , called "  The Ark , " bears more than a passing resemblance to the classic children 's toy , the Slinky . Remizov believes his Ark , designed to be constructed from timber , steel and high-strength ETFE plastic , could be adapted for all kinds of environments and put to a number of different uses , including emergency housing -- its prefabricated structure should allow it to be constructed quickly -- and hotels . He 's even suggested a variation with a honeycomb-style hull that can float . After completing a Masters degree looking at non-polluting settlements , Remizov decided to pursue that theme with his architecture firm Remistudio and design a modern building that would be in harmony with the environment . He says that he took a holistic approach to the problems of providing power to The Ark , working with colleague Lev Britvin on energy solutions to keep it in balance with the environment . A wind power generator that runs through the center of the building would provide power while the outer surface would be covered with transparent solar panels . If the Ark was built on water , as Remizov suggests , he says it could also utilize thermal water energy . "  The form of a dome promotes the formation of turbulences of air , strengthening the work of wind generators , " wrote Remizov in an email to CNN . "  Inside the building , the dome form promotes accumulation of warm air in the top part of a building , " he continued . "  This heat will be transformed to other kinds of energy and collects also in thermal accumulators . " While still on the drawing board , Remizov believes The Ark could be used for many purposes from apartments to offices and hotels , and be built on different scales to house between 50 and 10,000 people . The way in which the Ark could be assembled from ready-made structures would reduce the cost of construction , suggests Remizov , who estimates that it would be comparable to the cost of energy-efficient "  green " buildings . "  Lightweight materials , such as coating film , light design of the foundation , no insulation due to the presence of the buffer zone , reduce the weight structures , which would lead to cheaper construction , " he said .	The Ark is designed to be a multi-use environmentally friendly building Russian architect believes it would be a building in balance with nature Uses transparent solar cells on outer surface and central wind generator One version of design could float on water
CNN  -- Thursday , the White House revealed its efforts to reform the patent system , following up on President Obama 's call in the State of the Union address . The White House called on Congress to pass legislation to combat patent trolls , known less pejoratively as "  patent assertion entities . " PAE 's are firms that do n't manufacture anything . They buy patents and threaten to sue people to extract licensing fees , like the mythical troll charging a fee to cross a bridge . Apple , Google and AT&T have each faced more than 100 such suits since 2009 . Critics suggest that trolls create a drag on innovation by diverting resources to litigation . In response , the House of Representatives passed the Innovation Act of 2013 in December . The Senate is considering various anti-troll bills . Even the Supreme Court has gotten into the act , hearing cases this term that relate to the troll issue . If all three branches of government are reacting to trolls , clearly they are a huge problem . Except , they are n't . What is lost in this mudslinging is that much of what PAEs do is laudable â $ " paying inventors . Patents do n't grow on trees . Someone came up with the invention and incurred considerable expense to obtain the patent . Many inventors ca n't bring their invention to market themselves , however , so selling the patent may be the only way for them to make money . By buying these patents , PAEs compensate inventors , one of patent law 's objectives . Patents give their owners the right to seek compensation for unauthorized uses of the invention , so there is nothing wrong with a PAE enforcing a valid patent . The key word , though , is valid . Problems arise when PAEs sue on improperly issued patents , ones that never should have gotten out of the US Patent and Trademark Office . For example , many patents on software and business methods -- areas where PAEs often operate -- are not sufficiently different from earlier technology to justify the patent , or are too vague to discern what they legitimately cover . Even though companies can knock these patents out in court , most parties settle . But , if they are n't legitimate patents , why do parties settle ? Simple : to avoid the expense . According to a 2013 American Intellectual Property Law Association survey , median litigation costs are $ 3.3 million when $ 10 million to $ 25 million is at stake . Discovery -- the process of looking for evidence relevant to the case -- is responsible for much of the expense . Defendants must wade through voluminous records and e-mails to find anything relevant to the case . For a case worth $ 10 million to $ 25 million , the survey estimates that the median cost through discovery in defending a PAE suit is $ 1.5 million . A PAE does n't face these expenses . Discovery is easy for it because all it has is the patent . Plus , its lawyers usually take these cases on contingency , taking a percentage of whatever money they bring in , so there are no upfront attorney costs . When manufacturing companies face these costs , many simply settle , leaving the invalid patent in place . But these are not troll problems ; they are litigation and patent quality issues . Scapegoating trolls risks disrupting the useful compensatory purpose they serve and may cause unintended consequences in non-troll litigation . Unfortunately much of the Innovation Act 's proposals are ill-considered from this perspective . For example , the act makes all patent litigation -- troll and non-troll -- a "  loser pays " system . The losing party must pay the attorney fees of the other side unless the loser 's case was "  reasonably justified . " So , if a PAE sues on a bad patent and loses , it may have to pay the company 's attorney fees . By having more skin in the game , hopefully PAEs would think twice about asserting bad patents . Unfortunately , the provision applies to all patent cases , likely increasing litigation expenses in all cases as parties fight over fees -- worrisome and chilling the willingness of non-trolls , such as startups , to enforce their patents . Such legislation is premature because two of the troll-related cases at the Supreme Court deal precisely with this issue . Other provisions in the act attempt to reduce litigation expenses , but they inappropriately micromanage the federal courts . Patent quality concerns must be addressed by the patent office . Unfortunately , the relevant provisions of the Innovation Act were removed prior to passage , so the final version contains no provisions relating to patent office procedures . The President 's proposals , however , are directed to improving the quality of the patent office 's review of patent applications . If successful , enhancing the clarity of what a patent covers would be a welcome improvement . The patent office 's efforts to create greater transparency of patent ownership is also important because PAEs often hide their ownership behind various corporate shells . Finally , in 2011 , Congress created new procedures to challenge patents after the patent office has issued them . Time will tell whether they successfully enhance patent quality , yet the promise is there . But all three branches must remember that not all patent trolls are demons . PAEs create markets for compensating inventors . Patent reform efforts should not myopically focus on trolls per se , or it may disrupt these markets and create other unintended consequences . Reform must address patent quality and exorbitant litigation costs . The President 's proposals offer hope , but the Innovation Act 's efforts are misplaced . The Senate proposals are more modest . Let 's hope Congress pauses to consider the broader role PAEs play in our economy and appropriately tailors legislation to the patent system 's real problems . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Holbrook .	President Obama , Congress have proposed reforms to curb patent trolls Supreme Court is considering cases relating to the issue of patent trolls Timothy Holbrook says some trolls sue to enforce bad patents , but others serve useful purpose Holbrook : The problem is mostly with Patent Office failings and with exorbitant costs for lawsuits
Washington  CNN  -- The announcement by the U.S. Census Bureau that the population stood at 308,745,538 on April 1 is a number for which many people have been waiting . Nevada , Arizona , Utah and Idaho had the fastest growth this decade while slow growth was seen in Rhode Island , Louisiana , Ohio and New York . Michigan was the only state to see a decline . Most people poring over the 2010 state counts are doing so with an eye to future elections , but it makes sense to proceed cautiously before drawing any hard conclusions about what that data mean in the political context . Attention is focused on 12 seats in the House of Representatives that will be leaving slow-growth states in the Northeast and Midwest and moving to the South and Southwest as populations there continued to grow quickly . Census 2010 : America grew at slowest rate since the Depression Texas is the big winner , with four new House seats . Since the states losing seats are usually regarded as blue , tending to elect Democrats , and those gaining seats are normally considered red , tending to elect Republicans , it would be easy to assume Tuesday 's census release is good news for that party and alarming news for Democrats . It 's not that simple . If we regard simple population change as an indicator of political power , the buildup in red states is indeed significant . However , early next year , the Census Bureau will release counts of the population by race and ethnicity . That number will show shifts of the population that official estimates have pointed to all along : The diversifying of the population is more extensive in areas of fast population growth . Many of the states that have gained in their head count have gained non-white minorities , especially Hispanics . Estimates already show that four states that gained seats -- Texas , Florida , Arizona and Georgia -- are highly ranked in the Top 10 states for growth in the Hispanic population during this decade . Moreover , more than half the population growth in those states alone came from increases in the Latino population . These additions were a result of net immigration and births in those states . While the large increase in Hispanics in these high-growth states includes some immigrant newcomers ineligible to vote , eligible Latinos tend to vote Democratic in most of the states that gained seats . That may change by 2012 , but much will happen between now and then . Putting this into further perspective , the U.S. population grew by 9.7 % between 2000 and 2010 , slower than any decade since the Great Depression in the 1930s . With the Great Recession taking hold at the end of the 2000s , slowing immigration and birth rates , it is possible that slower growth will continue , at least for the short term . Thus , the sizeable increase in minority populations comes at a time when the overall population is growing more slowly . Thus the sweeping demographic changes going on in our nation are much more significant than just shifts in where people live . We are becoming more diverse , and , as many analysts have noted , we will be a white-minority nation in about 30 years . So simply looking at geography may not yield correct results when we 're talking about how new populations may behave and particularly how they may vote . The excitement that demographers feel about this once-a-decade population snapshot is likely overwhelmed by the enthusiasm of political analysts , who are busy discovering what state-level population shifts mean for state reapportionment and redistricting within states . But as we can see by looking more carefully at the data , there is more to population shifts than a simple rearranging of the map based on total counts . We 're in for a much more interesting and challenging time than many people may believe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Audrey Singer .	Census puts U.S. population at 308.7 million , with red states generally posting fastest growth Singer : Some analysts say census results will strengthen the GOP She says minorities account for much of the growth and historically have favored Democrats Singer : In most of the states that gained seats , eligible Latinos tend to vote Democratic
CNN  -- Despite the many questions surrounding a reported altercation between Solange Knowles and her brother-in-law Jay Z , you would n't know it based on how the rapper and his wife Beyonce are acting . A recent surveillance video which appears to show the singer , fashionista and younger sister of Beyonce attacking the "  Magna Carta Holy Grail " rapper has not only sparked an avalanche of memes , but also much speculation as to what led to the alleged incident , initially reported by TMZ , in the first place . So far none of the trio are speaking about it directly . Monday night , Beyonce and Jay Z appeared together courtside -- as they often do -- at a Nets game . The rapper formerly had a minority ownership stake in the team . Following the alleged incident , Beyonce posted a prayer on her official Instagram account . "  Help me to choose my friends wisely so I wo n't be led astray , " it says . "  Give me discernment and strength to separate myself from anyone who is not a good influence . " For her part , Solange Knowles has reportedly deleted a picture of her sister from the night of the Met Gala from her Instagram account . And you thought your family had issues . As crisis communications expert Howard Bragman told CNN , "  Jay Z and Beyonce have all the money and power in the world , and they could n't keep it under wraps apparently . So that tells you . " Not that it 's easy for such public figures , he added . "  How do you keep it under wraps ? You go in your private limo with a chauffeur that 's signed a nondisclosure agreement , you go to a private home behind gates , you never go out in public , " Bragman said . "  Once you step out of that cocoon , you 're fair game , and there are paparazzi and media that have a price on your head like a hunted animal . " The younger Knowles , 27 , grew up in the spotlight also , though it was a bit dimmer than the one on her famous sister . As a young teen , Solange Knowles danced backup for her sister 's former group Destiny 's Child , and at the age of 16 released her debut album , "  Solo Star . " Knowles told Harper 's Bazaar in a recent interview that despite her now-divorced parents ' being a driving force in Beyonce 's career , they were more cautious when it came to her . "  My parents constantly tried to talk me out of being an artist , " Solange said . "  They had gone through the whole journey with my sister and just wanted me to have a normal teenage life . " That did n't quite pan out , as the aspiring artist got pregnant at the age of 17 and soon married her son 's father . They divorced a few years later . Knowles has been quoted as saying her family was instrumental in helping her survive the rigors of being a young single mother and that she and Beyonce have an especially tight bond . "  It definitely was tough , having your sister have a built-in BFF  Destiny 's Child member Kelly Rowland , who lived with the Knowles family when she was younger  and me being five years younger , " Solange told the London Evening Standard . "  But my sister was very protective of me , and we were very sweet with each other . I 'm sure if we were closer in age we would n't have gotten along so great . But we 've been super-close ever since I was about 13 . " So close that Knowles has written hit songs for her sister , including "  Upgrade U. " But despite the pair 's shared love of music and fashion , Beyonce told the New York Times in 2012 that there was one area her younger sister refused to bend on . "  My sister will not record with me , " the elder Knowles said . "  She 's her own woman . " So much so that Buzzfeed has rounded up some of Solange Knowles ' most outspoken moments , including the time she snapped at a TV interviewer , "  I have to say , that was not a very professional introduction before . Please do n't tie me into family and my brother-in-law 's establishment . " According to Us Weekly , such behavior as what allegedly happened inside The Standard Hotel elevator is nothing new for Beyonce and Jay Z . The magazine quotes an anonymous source as saying , "  Solange has flipped her lid like that before . " People magazine quoted an unnamed source as saying Solange was "  provoked " prior to the alleged incident . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Jay Z and Beyonce appeared at a game after elevator fight video surfaced Beyonce posted a prayer on her Instagram account Crisis management says celebs in public are fair game
CNN  -- In another move to crack down on information flowing out of Iran , the Islamic Republic 's judicial chief has ordered the prosecution of individuals "  who cooperate with satellite television programming providers , " a reformist newspaper reported Sunday . Iran 's judicial chief reportedly has ordered the prosecution of people who "  collaborate " with satellite TV networks . "  The individuals , who in any way collaborate with these networks or are entrenched in the nucleus of organizations which are active through Internet sites , must be adequately and properly subject to legal actions . It is imperative that this phenomenon be seriously dealt with by all judicial authorities of the country as well as by provincial judicial authorities , " Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi-Shahroudi said in his order , which was quoted by the newspaper Hamshahri . The ayatollah called on local judicial heads to work with investigators to determine "  intentions , objectives and their sources of financial , political and intelligence support " of individuals who "  operate against the system , " according to Hamshahri , a widely circulated pro-reform publication that has been in print for more than a decade . The scope of the reported threat and whether it was referring to international networks , reporters and stringers was not immediately clear . Because international journalists have been limited in their ability to gather news in Iran , CNN has not been able to confirm the news report . However , the government has been trying to limit the flow of online information and other forms of communications in Iran , according to activists and human rights officials . Since June 12 , when disputed presidential election results sent tens of thousands of Iranians into the streets to protest , the world got a front-row view of the unrest thanks largely to dissidents using online tools to spread the news . News from Internet users has been important as Iran 's government began kicking out some reporters from traditional media outlets , arresting others and restricting the movements of those who remained . More than 1,000 people have been arrested over the election fallout , including several journalists , according to the international human rights watchdog Amnesty International . Most recently , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported that a journalist for Newsweek magazine who was arrested in Tehran confessed to doing the bidding of Western governments , though CNN could not verify the report . Maziar Bahari , 42 , made his alleged confession at a news conference Tuesday . Fars reported that the Canadian-Iranian reporter , who had worked for the BBC and England 's Channel 4 network , admitted having filed false reports for Newsweek during the elections . The magazine has rejected the allegation . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Reported move follows other efforts by Iran to slow information coming out of country Iran began kicking out , detaining journalists shortly after disputed June 12 elections Rights group : Hundreds of people have been arrested over the election fallout
CNN  -- Remember that giant grizzly in Alaska that came inches from your face ? Or those magnificent northern lights on that winter night in Finland ? No ? OK , maybe neither of those amazing photo ops have passed in front of your lens just yet . But when they do , you 'll want to be ready . The best photography tours not only put you in the right place at the right time to capture magic moments , they impart the skills to turn them into photos worth sharing . The tours below feature award-winning photographer-instructors , exclusive experiences and even the use of $ 100,000 worth of camera gear . Alaska 's Coastal Grizzlies : Kodiak to Katmai Photo Tour "  Coming within feet of these giant creatures in 100 % safety is difficult to fathom , and the photos you can get as a result are unparalleled , " says Ted Martens of Natural Habitat Adventures , a travel partner with the World Wildlife Fund . Those "  giant creatures " Martens speaks of are Alaskan brown bears , the world 's largest coastal grizzlies . Natural Habitat Adventures ' eight-day Alaska photo tour is a luxe , eco-friendly trip for a maximum of eight travelers that gets close to the famed and feared bears . The draw is exclusive floatplane access to the remote waterways of bear-filled Katmai National Park and Preserve . The tour also makes a stop on wild Kodiak Island , home to Kodiak bear  brown bear  and animals such as whales , otters and puffins . Alaska 's Coastal Grizzlies : Kodiak to Katmai Photo Tour , Natural Habitat Adventures ; departures from June to September in 2015 ; from $ 8,895 Vietnam , Laos & Cambodia : A Photographer 's Journey through Southeast Asia Lane Nevares of Art Photo Expeditions , which leads a unique photo tour through Southeast Asia , talks about his company 's equipment-laden tour in terms of a high-performance vehicle . "  It 's like Ferrari offering a trip through southern Europe that allows participants to drive Ferraris in various locations , " he says . That 's Nevares ' description of the 14-day tour led by ace photographer Tim Gerard Barker , which features loaner gear provided by Swedish luxury camera brand Hasselblad . "  Photographing people in Asia is a wonderfully rewarding experience , " says Barker . "  A wave of the camera and a smile is often enough to gain acceptance into their space . " Participants get the benefit of Barker 's years of experience . "  I frame dynamically and look for the best angles and the best light , " he says . "  I like to work with wide lenses , so I 'm often in very close . " Travelers bring their own gear but they can try H5D-50c and CVF-50c medium format cameras , and all Hasselblad 's H lenses on the trip . Vietnam , Laos & Cambodia : A Photographer 's Journey through Southeast Asia , Hasselblad Xcursions and Art Photo Expeditions ; November 10-23 , 2014 ; from $ 11,900 Torassieppi Aurora Photography Even if you 're lucky enough to catch the northern lights , you ca n't brag about it back home if you ca n't photograph them right . The Aurora Zone guarantees those bragging rights , as long as you 're lucky enough to see the aurora in Lapland , the northernmost region in Finland . "  In addition to a passion for searching for the northern lights , our expert guides have a comprehensive knowledge of Lappish culture , people and landscape , " says Alistair McLean , founder of the Aurora Zone , a company that specializes in northern lights tours . Gareth Hutton , a Lapland-based photographer , will lead a tour to Torassieppi in early 2015 . "  The tour embraces that quintessential feeling of what winter should really be like -- powdery snow , snow-capped trees and those amazing skies , " says Hutton . "  Not only are the northern lights spectacular , but the long winter sunsets are pretty magical , too . " Participants learn the most challenging aspect of photographing the northern lights -- having the right combination of camera settings and adapting these as the night sky changes . The group stays in cottages on a reindeer farm during the trip . Torassieppi Aurora Photography , The Aurora Zone ; departures from January to March 2015 ; from Â # 2,108  $ 3,440 Shikumen Tour in Shanghai "  All of this used to be old shikumen  stone-gate houses  , but they 've been demolished now , " says Gang-feng Wang , photographer and tour guide , standing outside a construction site in Shanghai . "  But do n't worry , we 'll build you lots of nice museums so you can see how it used to be , " he cracks . Wang is the irascible guide of the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai 's four-hour photography tour through the disappearing shikumen houses of the city 's British Concession . It 's a great way to pry into the local community . After photographing the maze-like alleys -- garnished with clotheslines , chatting neighbors and cages of messenger pigeons -- travelers are taken inside some of the houses . Originally built for British traders , the houses -- each now occupied by multiple local families -- are still adorned with imported British floor tiles . "  This one houses more than 30 families , " says Wang , as the group walks up a set of squeaky wooden stairs to a rooftop , where the tour finishes with a panoramic view of the Shikumen complex . Shikumen Tour , Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai ; available throughout the year ; from RMB2 ,400  $ 390 Tundra Lodge polar bear photo expedition Natural Habitat Adventures claims it offers the world 's best polar bear viewing/photographing tour . It may not be exaggerating . The company holds exclusive permits to tour the entire Churchill Wildlife Management Area in Manitoba , Canada . It also has a mobile hotel , called the Polar Rover . With a gourmet kitchen , lounge area and sliding windows , travelers can photograph polar bears without leaving the Polar Rover 's toasty rooms -- except when they want to head to the moving hotel 's open observatory deck . According to the company , curious bears often wander up the lodge , allowing travelers to photograph them from inches away . Tours last eight days . Tundra Lodge Photography Expedition , Natural Habitat Adventures ; departs in November in 2014 and 2015 ; from $ 7,995 Destination in Focus : Miraval , Tucson , Arizona Leica and Exclusive Resorts have teamed up to host a series of photography expeditions . Destination in Focus : Miraval  based at the Miraval Resort and Spa in Tucson , Arizona  is the last of 2014 's four-night excursions still available for booking . Participants bring their own gear , but they also have access to the newest equipment from Leica , including the recently launched Leica X Vario camera , and more than $ 100,000 worth of equipment . They also get to interact with Leica Akademie 's team of instructors . Participants learn to shoot sunrises and motion photos at a Navajo Hoop Dance Performance . The trip wraps up with photo-editing classes . Destination in Focus : Miraval , Tucson , Arizona ; Exclusive Resorts and Leica ; November 12-16 , 2014 ; from $ 3,599 National Geographic Expeditions Desert sunsets and snake charmers in Morocco . Leopards and rare desert-adapted black rhinos in Namibia . Giant tortoises and other wildlife on the Galapagos . Winter snowscapes and Old Faithful geyser erupting in Yellowstone . The photo ops on National Geographic-organized expeditions are reliably world-class , and so are the celebrated photographers who join trips and lead lessons . Pulitzer Prize-winning photographers on the star-studded trips -- which range from one to two weeks -- include Ken Geiger and Jay Dickman . Winter Wildlife in Yellowstone Photography Expedition ; departures in January and February 2015 ; from $ 3,645 Galapagos Photo Expedition ; departures between Febrary and June 2015 ; from $ 5,490 Namibia Photo Adventure ; December 4-16 , 2014 ; from $ 8,595 Morocco Photo Expedition ; departures in May and October 2015 ; from $ 5,995 Wildlife Photo Master Class at Mayakoba , Mexico "  The winning aspect of photographing birds at Mayakoba is the world-class mangrove forest within the resort , which houses more than 200 species of wildlife , " says Steve Winter . One of the star photographers who leads Banyan Tree Mayakoba 's photo master class in Mexico 's Riviera Maya , Winter has been a photographer for National Geographic for more than two decades . "  Transportation  through the mangrove  is via beautiful , silent mahogany electric boats , so you do n't disturb the wildlife , " says Winter . Photographer-instructors provide one-on-one coaching with students , "  whether that be working on composition out on the boat or reviewing the day 's images back at the hotel , " according to Winter . In addition to photography skills , tour guides share knowledge of the birds and other wildlife of the area . Boat-billed heron , little blue heron , roseate spoonbill , egrets , cormorants and anhingas are some of the birds students can expect to photograph . Wildlife Photo Master Class at Mayakoba ; Banyan Tree Mayakoba , Mexico ; available until the end of 2014 ; from $ 2,499 Zooming in on Cambodia If there 's a new way to photograph Angkor Wat , this tour will find it . Belmond La Residence d'Angkor offers photography packages that include two-night stays , a three-day pass to the Angkor temple complex and a full-day excursion with an in-house photographer . A standard photography itinerary includes a longboat tour along the Kompong Phluk water village bordering Southeast Asia 's largest lake , a private kayaking tour through the eerie floating forest and shopping at a local market . For an additional cost , guests can add photography experiences such as trawling down the Siem Reap River on an elephant or taking a helicopter ride over the Angkor temple complex . Zooming in on Cambodia ; Belmond La Residence d'Angkor ; available throughout the year ; from $ 1,400	With Pulitzer-winning instructors and $ 100,000 lenses , these photo tours get you shooting like the pros Some tours have exclusive access to some of the world 's best spots for photographing bears Tips from pros include wearing loose-fitting clothes you do n't mind getting dirty But some tours are headquartered in luxury resorts
CNN  Just eight months ago , a young woman named Fatu Kekula was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family , donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus . Today , because of a CNN story and the generosity of donors from around the world , Kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the Emory University Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing in Atlanta , where she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow Liberians . "  It 's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background coming to the U.S. , " she said . "  I 'm thankful to CNN and I appreciate the people who made donations , and I 'm thankful to Emory for accepting me to study . " At Emory , Kekula has asked for special training on certain skills , such as caring for burns , a common type of injury because children in Liberia sometimes fall into the open fires used for cooking . One of her instructors , Kelly Fullwood , said Kekula 's an excellent student who has taught her teachers a thing or two about how to do procedures without costly equipment , as she 's been forced to do in Liberia . "  She fascinates me every day , " Fullwood said . "  She gets nursing . She gets what it 's about . " Kekula , 23 , was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck and her mother , father , sister and cousin came down with the disease . Hospitals were full and no doctors would visit her home , so with just advice from a physician on the phone , Kekula took care of all four of her relatives at the same time . All but her cousin survived -- a high success rate considering that at the time , about 70 % of Ebola patients were dying in Liberia . Kekula could n't continue her nursing education in Liberia , because the schools had closed . A CNN story about Kekula in September prompted donations from around the world to IAM , an organization that raises money to help African natives pay for education . David Smith , an associate dean at Emory 's nursing school , said they accepted Kekula because they were struck by how both she and Emory each treated four Ebola patients at around the same time last year -- and Emory had dozens of doctors and nurses and millions of dollars in technology while Kekula had nobody and nearly no supplies . Stop Ebola where it starts "  It was obvious to us that this woman was intelligent and strong and fearless , " he said . Kekula is scheduled to return to Liberia in August . "  These things that I have learned here I am going to take back to my fellow nurses , " she said . "  I love to care for people . I love to save lives . " Extraordinary people	Fatu Kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from Ebola Thanks to donors , she is being trained at Emory University Kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when Ebola struck
CNN  -- Newly released text messages reportedly from the morning of September 11 , 2001 , show panicked family members trying to contact loved ones and officials frantically trying to grasp what was happening . More than half a million messages , released by whistleblower site Wikileaks , reveal the panic , horror and pain of what happened that morning in the words of those who experienced it . On September 11 , 2001 , 19 hijackers commandeered four commercial jetliners , loaded with fuel for cross-country flights . Two were flown into the World Trade Center 's Twin Towers in New York , one crashed into the Pentagon , and another , headed for an unknown location , crashed in Pennsylvania when it was disrupted by passengers . A total of 2,976 people -- not including the hijackers -- were killed in the attacks . Some people witnessing the attacks reached out to loved ones out of fear there might have been more attacks coming and they might die . "  The only thoughts I have are of Nicholas , Ian and you , " read one text message . "  I am terrified . I needed to tell you that I truly love you . always , diane . " "  I want to hold you now , " one text message a minute later reads . "  I know you have a new relationship and do not care about me . But just in case anything happens know I love you hon. Missed Ya good bye . " The first indication of a problem comes at 8:50 a.m. , five minutes aft.er the first plane hit the World Trade Center . "  An aloha call is starting . This is for a fire at 2wt ... " Another text message references "  a bomb detonation " in the World Trade Center and asks recipients of the message to report back assessments of their areas . A minute later , firsthand reports started flooding in . "  The world trade center has just blow up , we seen the explosion outside our windows . Teresa ... " At 8:53 a.m. a message from the New York Police Department 's operations division mobilizes officers toward the World Trade Center , telling them to meet at Church and Vessey streets . At 9:03 a.m. the second plane hit the World Trade Center . "  It 's a deliberate attack ... a second plane just few into the second tower , " a message said 52 seconds later . By 9:25 a.m. the personal messages have grown more frequent and more frantic . Companies begin sending out messages asking for head counts on all employees . People begin sharing reports of what they are seeing and hearing on TV , - including early reports of people jumping from the World Trade Center . Family members panicked , struggling to get through jammed phone lines to find out if their loved ones were OK . 9:25:40 a.m. "  Please call my work as soon as you get in the office . Need to know you 're safe . " 9:29:38 a.m. "  Wondering where you are . Are you okay . Give me a call back asap . I just need to know these things . Even if it 's collect . Call me . Darryl " 11:32:56 a.m. "  if i do not hear from you by high noon , i am going to pick laura up at school and tell her her father is dead . " "  goodbye my sweety ... im going to miss yo , " another said . "  Honey wanted to tell you how much i love you , " one sender wrote . "  I was a little worried . I Do n't want to lose you now that I got you back . You mean everything to me . You have my whole heart and life . I love you so much . " Some texts brought relief . "  My dad survived ! I got a call from stepmom 's coworker saying my dad is alive , although that is all the info I have . I do not know if he is injured or unscathed . " "  Abroer 's father is alive , " one text proclaims . "  survived WTC collapse . I am trying to contact family members to find out more . " "  urgent . It 's tim . I 'm okay . Call me at home ... i was outside the building when it exploded , but i 'm fine . " Others have to wait and worry . Numerous messages simply read : "  Are you okay ? " "  Where are you ? " or "  CALL ME NOW ! " "  pete is ok . He ca n't find his brother who works in the world financial center next to the trade center ... " one message read . The messages also give insight to the federal government 's scramble to evacuate buildings , bases and high-level officials . "  Jim : DEPLOY TO MT. WEATHER NOW ! Tom " reads one message , referring to Mount Weather , the underground bunker where high-level officials are taken in a national emergency and a command facility for the Federal Emergency Management Agency . A message at 10:24 a.m. appears to show authorities working to secure the first family . "  TWINKLE AND TURQ ARE ACCOUNTED FOR AND SAFE , " the message says . Twinkle and Turquoise were the code names used for then-president George W. Bush 's twin daughters Jenna and Barbara . At 10:32 a.m. a Secret Service message said "  ANONYMOUS CALL TO JOC REPORTING ANGEL IS TARGET " -- referring to a call to the Joint Operation 's Center refering a threat made against Air Force One , which used a code name of Angel . A message from FEMA at 12:37 p.m. notes "  we have no mission statements yet . " A message from the Secret Service 's New York field office sent conflicting messages about where agents should report . The messages also frantically pass along reports of more attacks . Some turned out to be rumors , others real . Rumors were rampant : "  There is a hijacked plane circling dulles airport . Please call me ! " "  unconfirmed reports of plane crash at camp david now . " "  think one more plane may have been hijacked and headed toward the capitol building ... not sure . " Wikileaks says it has verified some of the texts and says they all appear to be authentic . "  I fully understand that this is very emotional material , but this does not mean that this is not part of our historic record , " said spokesman Daniel Schmitt . "  And from the publishing perspective of the Wikileaks perspective , that is what counts . We are helping to maintain an uncensorable part of this day 's record in more detail than has ever been provided before . " Wikileaks will not say if the source was in government , law enforcement , industry or was a private citizen with the capability to intercept messages .	Wikileaks site releases text message , pager messages from morning of September 11 Messages reveal people panicking , trying to see if loved ones are OK Text messages include firsthand accounts , many "  I love you " messages
CNN  -- For LeBron James the NBA records just keep on tumbling . The Miami Heat star notched up 20,000 career points against the Golden State Warriors Wednesday , becoming the youngest player in NBA history to reach the milestone . And the fact he swiped the title from the other undisputed megastar of the league , Kobe Bryant , will only have added to his satisfaction . James was the youngest to reach 1,000 and 10,000 points and now at the tender age of 28 years and 17 days , he 's reached 20,000 over a year before his LA Lakers rival . Blog : How can Lakers rescue losing season ? The two are set to go head-to-head on Thursday night as the Heat take on the Lakers in Los Angeles . A haul of 25 points in the Heat 's 92-75 victory over the Warriors secured another slice of history for one of the finest players the NBA has ever seen . He took to social networking site Twitter to thank teammates and fans alike : "  I give everything to the game and I hope it continues to give back to me ! Love you so much ! "  More importantly I would n't be anything without my teammates over these 10 years ! Thanks guys . You 're the best . " James reiterated his thanks in quotes reported by the Miami Herald : "  It was awesome . They 've given me an opportunity to be in this position because they trust me on the floor to make plays and make decisions . Both milestones are pretty cool . " Heat coach Erik Spoelstra paid tribute to James ' tenacity after he was the victim of some roughhouse tactics from the Warriors . He added : "  Everybody was proud of him . It 's a big moment . We gave him the game ball and then everyone took a shot at him -- a punch , a jab , an elbow , whatever they could get in before he started hitting back . " James also racked up assist number 5,000 in the same game , becoming the 13th player in history to reach 20,000 points and 5,000 assists .	Miami Heat 's LeBron James becomes the youngest player in NBA history to reach 20,000 James reaches milestone with a haul of 25 points in clash with Golden State Warriors The 28-year-old was first to 1,000 and 10,000 points and is USA all time leading scorer
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- Ron Russell was a machinist at the Hav-A-Tampa cigar factory in Tampa for 3 1/2 years . Ron Russell has started a Web site to help find work for his fellow laid-off cigar factory workers . When he was hired , Russell remembers thinking , "  There 's no reason I have to look for a job again . ... I was thinking , here 's a place I can retire from . I thought I was safe in a 100-year-old company . " But Russell and his colleagues -- almost 500 workers -- recently lost their jobs when Hav-A-Tampa shut its doors in Florida to consolidate operations in Puerto Rico . The plant had been operating since 1902 . After the plant closure , Russell did n't start pounding the pavement looking for another job for himself . Instead , he did something very different -- he decided to contact local businesses to see if they would hire his laid off colleagues . After a few calls , he realized it would be easier to centralize the employee information in one location , ideally a Web site . But that would cost money . So he asked each colleague for a dollar . "  I collected $ 30 out of the folks at work , " Russell said . "  Some could give , some could n't . " Soon , havatampaneedsjobs.com was born . On it are the names , contact information and skills of former Hav-A-Tampa employees who want to be listed . It 's one-stop shopping , Russell said , for companies looking for workers . To use the site , laid-off employees can become a member by going to the site 's home page , where they can list their employment and contact information . Potential employers can search the database by clicking on job titles such as engineer , electrician and general labor . Among those who donated and joined the site is Harvey Morris , a mechanical engineer with 23 years of experience . Morris said he was skeptical at first . "  But I also knew Ron . I knew that he was very determined , " Morris said . When asked what type of workers an employer would find on the site , Morris said , "  Simply put , quality people , just quality people . " Since becoming the unofficial job placement advocate for his former colleagues , Russell said he has guarantees for 30 jobs , mostly for unskilled laborers who were laid off . Russell is overjoyed at the generosity of those businesses . His sales pitch : "  I told them if you could take one person you are a hero to 500 . " "  I am kinda flying by the seat of my pants because I never done nothing like this before , " Russell said . Watch Russell talk about his efforts to find work for his former colleagues " At one time , there were some 200 cigar factories in Tampa . It 's down to one now , the J.C. Newman Company . Hav-A-Tampa officials said a new federal tax dramatically increased the price of their cigars and reduced consumption . "  It 's an absolute tragedy . Totally preventable tragedy , " said syndicated radio talk show host Dave Zeplowitz , known as "  Cigar Dave . " "  There 's no other product that is taxed at 53 percent in this nation . "  This is a company that 's given people tremendous livelihoods , and that 's all gone , " Zeplowitz said . "  Every piece of history in this city , every building is intertwined with cigars . " The new tax was levied to help fund a federal health insurance program for children from low-income families . Ironically , Russell said , his child qualifies now for the insurance , at least until he finds work . Russell does n't blame his former employer for losing his job . "  I was unhappy about being taxed out of a job , because that 's what happened , " he said . Russell has put his own plans on hold while he helps his fellow workers . The father of one said he eventually plans to open his own machine shop . But he 's not worried about the risk . "  I 'm not going to be safe in a 100-year-old company , might as well try to not be safe in my own . " "  No. 1 will get his turn when it 's time , " Russell said . But now 's the time , he said , to find work for the others .	Cigar factory closes its doors after 100 years in Tampa , Florida , leaving 500 jobless Laid-off worker starts Web site listing former colleagues ' names and skills Prospective employers can search the site by job titles such as engineer , electrician So far , there are guarantees for 30 jobs , mostly for unskilled labor
London  CNN  -- On July 1 , 2013 the 27-nation European Union will become 28 . With a low credit rating of junk and a political class stained by accusations of endemic corruption , the Balkan state of Croatia is soon to become the EU 's latest addition . Brussels is embracing recession-marred Croatia , three years into a debt crisis that is plaguing countries across southern Europe . Leading economies such as Spain and Italy are struggling to cope with high borrowing costs and many EU nations are suffering from chronic unemployment . But for Croatia , joining Europe 's elite club will mark the end a 10-year campaign to enter the region 's single market . As one of the Balkan countries to emerge from the ruins of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , Croatia will be only the second country to join the EU after Slovenia in 2004 . James Ker-Lindsay , a senior research fellow in South East European politics at the London School of Economics , says to some extent Croatia "  got lucky " and its imminent membership is down to having "  friends in the right places . " He told CNN : "  There 's always been this sense that Croatia has had a strong champion in Germany and Austria . They have always taken a very strong position on Croatian membership . " Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader Ker-Lindsay said he believes some EU member states are turning a "  blind eye " to a number of Croatia 's problems in favour of the political symbolism that enlargement in the Western Balkans represents . He added : "  It 's mission accomplished ... The time for conditionality has gone . " Economy One of the challenges facing Croatia is its growth prospects . The financial crash of 2008 brought about a harsh double-dip recession that left the country 's economy lingering in the doldrums . Forecasts for 2012 project the economy contracted 1.9 % . Unemployment peaked at 17.3 % which is behind only Greece and Spain , according to Eurostat - the European Commission 's data archive . Croatia relies heavily on its sun-kissed Adriatic coast to draw tourism and its state-run shipyards for revenue -- which will either face privatization or bankruptcy under the EU 's accession treaty . Read more : Europe 's 10 hottest destinations for 2013 The country 's economic strife echoes the problems compounding many southern European nations . A high budget deficit , rising national debt and a lack of competitiveness has resulted in stagnating growth . Will Bartlett , a senior research fellow in the political economy of South East Europe at the London School of Economics , told CNN : "  The EU will not be a panacea for Croatia 's economy . " Bartlett says that at the turn of the century , Croatia 's banking industry became largely foreign-owned by European banks . Despite not being in the single currency , many small businesses in Croatia have debts denominated in euros rather than in kuna - the country 's domestic currency - exposing them to exchange rate risk . Bartlett added : "  It 's very similar to Greece because it 's a highly euro-ized economy ... Unlike Greece they do n't have access to any of the eurozone bailout funds . They 're very much on their own . " Read more : Greece : When anger goes beyond despair In December , Standard & Poor 's - one of the three big credit rating agencies - downgraded Croatia to the lowest investment status known as "  junk . " This led to the Prime Minister Zoran MilanoviÄ ‡ rebuffing suggestions that Croatia would need a bailout from the International Monetary Fund . Political corruption Croatia is also in the midst of cleaning up a political class that is rife with corruption . Since the country 's inception in the early 1990s , it has struggled to choke off profiteering from those in positions of power . Transparency International - an organization tackling corruption -- ranked Croatia below Rwanda , Jordan and Cuba in its Corruption Perceptions Index for 2012 . But the country still came in above Italy - Europe 's third largest economy . Zorislav Petrovic , head of Transparency Internernational in Croatia said : "  The country 's evolution has been very slow since 1990 . " But the current government - led by Milanovic - is taking steps to clean up the country 's act under close supervision from the European Union . In November last year , the country 's former Prime Minister , Ivo Sanader , was jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of taking pay-offs from foreign companies . Sanader - who was premier from 2004 to 2009 - had fled the country but was arrested in Austria . Kristof Bender , deputy chairman of the policy institute , European Stability Initiative , says Croatia 's progress to the "  doorstep of the European Union " is quite remarkable . He told CNN : "  We must n't forget how bad it -LSB- Croatia -RSB- was in the 1990s . The darkest moments of war , occupation , mass killings , ethnic cleansing , and autocratic leadership and crony capitalism were all there . " Bender recalls a conversation he had two years ago with Vesna PusiÄ ‡ , now Croatia 's foreign minister . She told him that "  no one dares to engage in corruption because everyone is so scared now ... no one is immune . " Croatia joining the EU will be "  highly beneficial " for the accession process , according to Bender , as it will inspire other "  young democracies " in the Balkans and beyond to join the European movement .	Croatia will be only the second ex-Yugoslav country to join the EU after Slovenia in 2004 Croatia relies heavily on its Adriatic coast to draw tourism and its state-run shipyards The country 's economic strife echoes the problems hitting southern European nations
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania wildlife officer investigating possible poaching was killed during an exchange of gunfire after making a traffic stop late Thursday , authorities said . David L. Grove , 31 , was fatally shot in Freedom Township near Gettysburg , according to State Police Commissioner Col. Frank Pawlowski . Authorities detained Christopher Lynn Johnson , 27 , early Friday , and were in the processing of bringing charges against him in the case , according to Adams County District Attorney Shawn Wagner . Johnson sustained a gunshot wound and was receiving treatment at a nearby hospital , Pawlowski said . "  It is truly a painful day for the Pennsylvania Game Commission , " said department spokesman Jerry Feaser . Grove was a "  bright , highly educated conservation officer " who graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a degree in wildlife and fisheries science , he said . Grove is the first the game commission officer to be killed in the line of duty since 1915 , and only the third since the game commission was founded in 1895 .	Pennsylvania game warden fatally wounded Suspect sustained gunshot wound and is in police custody David Grove is the first game commission officer killed in the line of duty since 1915
CNN  -- Guinea international Lass Bangoura pulled out of a key African Cup of Nations match against Ghana Saturday because his club teammates were worried he could contract Ebola . Bangoura , who plays for Rayo Vallecano in Spain , told the La Liga side 's official website that he had been told of their fears in a phone call while training for the Group E qualifier . With Guinea one of the worst affected countries by the deadly virus , the international match had already been moved to the Moroccan city of Casablanca , but that apparently did not satisfy his fellow Rayo squad members . "  My teammates were afraid and at the end of practice I spoke with the  Guinea  coach Michel Dussuyer and said there was a problem , because of Ebola . "  I asked him if I could be excused because I did n't want any problems with the club , because they are the ones who pay my salary , " he said . Bangoura has now returned to his club , who are based in the Spanish capital Madrid where earlier this week a nurse became the first person in Europe to contract Ebola outside of West Africa . She remains critically ill in hospital . "  My Rayo teammates welcomed me back , " Bangoura said . "  They have confidence in me , but what people need to understand is that when you are summoned for the national team , you have to see a doctor and get tested . "  Every national team has its own doctor who takes care of these issues . I am fine , there is no problem  with my health  , " he added . The 22-year-old Bangoura is a regular in the Rayo first team and has also established himself in his national squad . He was concerned that his withdrawal could lead to problems for his family back home in Guinea . "  I just spoke to my mother , we have been talking . It is the first time I have left the national team and I am scared that there could be some crazy person who harms my family . "  This afternoon I 'll be speaking on my country 's radio to say I have no issue with the national team and to say I 'm sorry . " The spread of the Ebola virus has had a serious impact on football in affected countries , with all competitive games stopped in Sierra Leona . African Cup of Nations qualifiers involving its national team , Guinea and Liberia have also been relocated by the Confederation of African Football .	Guinea star Alhassane  Lass  Bangoura withdraws from national squad Bangoura cites fears of his Rayo Vallecano club teammates over Ebola Guinea due to play against Ghana in Morocco "  I am fine " Bangoura says when asked about his health
CNN  -- Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has announced that he will leave the club at the end of the season . The 32-year-old Serbian has enjoyed eight hugely successful seasons at Old Trafford but now says he wants a fresh challenge away from the English Premier League . "  It 's the last year of my contract and I have had eight wonderful years here . My time at this great club will always rank as the best years of my career , " Vidic said in a statement released on Manchester United 's official website . "  I never could have imagined winning 15 trophies and I will certainly never forget that fantastic night in Moscow , memories that will live with me and the fans forever . "  However , I have decided that I will move on at the end of this season . I want to challenge myself again and try to make the best of myself in the coming years . " In addition to the 2008 Champions League victory over Chelsea in the Russian capital , Vidic won five English Premier League titles , three League Cup winner 's medals and one FIFA Club World Cup . The former Serbian International has played over 200 games for United and forged a formidable defensive partnership with Rio Ferdinand following his transfer from Spartak Moscow in December 2005 . According to his agent Silvano Martina , Vidic has been the subject of interest from several Serie A clubs including Inter Milan and the defender confirmed that he is not looking for a contract at another English club . "  I 'm not considering staying in England as the only club I ever wanted to play for here is Manchester United and I was lucky enough to be part of this club for so many years . I 've got a few options to move on and I will choose the right one for me and for my family , " Vidic said . "  I am now going to focus all my efforts on playing for Manchester United and do the best I can for the team until the end of the season . I hope this stops any further speculation about my future . " Read more : Monaco sign Dimitar Berbatov Read more : Arsenal eclipses Man Utd in China	Serbian defender to leave reigning Premier League champions in the summer Vidic : "  My time at this great club will always rank as the best years of my career " 32-year-old not considering staying in England and could move to Italy , agent says
CNN  -- The Syrian government resigned Tuesday amid an unusual wave of unrest that has roiled the nation , state TV reported . President Bashar al-Assad accepted the resignations Tuesday , the same day that tens of thousands of Syrians poured onto the streets of Damascus to demonstrate in favor of the government . A new government should be named within hours , said Reem Haddad , a spokeswoman for the Syrian Information Ministry . Meanwhile , the president is expected to address the nation in a speech before the People 's Assembly at 11 a.m.  5 a.m. ET  Wednesday , state TV said . The state-run SANA news agency reported the speech would "  reassure the Syrian people . " The pro-government rally on Tuesday followed violent clashes between protesters and security forces in the cities of Daraa and Latakia in recent days . At least 37 people have been killed since last week , according to the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . Syria is the latest in a string of Arabic-speaking nations beset with discontent over economic and human rights issues . Syria 's discontent is centered in Daraa , a southern city in the impoverished country 's agricultural region , where security forces and anti-government protesters have sporadically clashed for nearly two weeks . Many demonstrators at the pro-government rally held posters of the president . Others waved Syrian flags , while some painted their faces and chests in national colors . Crowds filled the square in front of the Central Bank and jammed all roads leading to it , aerial pictures on state TV showed . There were also pro-government rallies in the cities of Aleppo , Hama and Hasaka , the broadcaster said . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	NEW : The president is expected to speak on Wednesday A new government will be named shortly , a government spokeswoman says The government has resigned , state TV reports At least 37 people have been killed in demonstrations since last week , the U.N. says
CNN  -- After noticing smoke seeping inside , a North Carolina bus driver rushed six elementary school children off her vehicle moments before it burst into flames . The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon as Lindora Richardson was driving the children home from Chantilly Montessori Elementary School , a public school in Charlotte , school district spokeswoman Tahira Stalberte said . "  We are very proud of her and for her following proper procedures , " said Stalberte , speaking on behalf of Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools , on Thursday . "  It could have taken a very different turn had she not done her job correctly . " Richardson told Vinnie Politan of HLN , CNN 's sister network , that she was driving on her route through a Charlotte neighborhood when she detected a "  burning smell " and pulled over to investigate . "  As that was going on , smoke started to come from under the dash of the bus , " she recalled . At that point , Richardson guided the young students on board to the back of the bus . Describing the children as "  calm , " she said that they exited "  one-by-one " through the rear emergency exit . The bus driver said she and the students , ages 5 to 10 , then "  walked so far up the street " where they witnessed the smoke and flames engulf the vehicle . Video , posted on YouTube and apparently taken after the students had moved to a safe place , shows black smoke seeping out of open windows on the bus , as it sits along a residential street . Flames are then clearly visible creeping backwards from the front of the bus . Within just over a minute , fire had consumed about half the vehicle -- and shot up through the roof . There are no injuries related to the incident , Stalberte said . While describing Richardson as modest , the school district spokeswoman said that she deserves praise -- and she 'll get some next week , when she is honored by the Charlotte Fire Department . "  I do have two kids , and I do love children ,  and  I love my job , " Richardson said of the satisfaction she gets working as a bus driver . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A Charlotte bus driver notices smoke and evacuates 6 kids Soon thereafter , the bus goes up in flames No one was hurt , a school district spokeswoman says
CNN  -- I remember my father bringing home computers in the 1970s and watching him having to spend hours poring over their seemingly incomprehensible technical manuals just to get the new devices up and running . All that changed in 1984 , when he brought home a MacIntosh . Instead of complex circuit diagrams and dense programming advice , he encountered a friendly , intuitive user experience . Operating his new computer seemed effortless . More than 25 years later , I watch my 7-year-old twins relive my father 's experience as they intuitively learn to do anything and everything with their iPhones and iPads . Steve Jobs saw around corners , over the horizon and into the future , changing forever our daily lives through technology . He taught us to download music . He made computers approachable through his simple and elegant designs . He used everyday words instead of engineering jargon . He made computing comprehensible by employing "  desktop metaphors " : We opened folders , read documents and threw away our trash . It is nearly impossible to imagine  or remember  the world without the tools and experiences that Jobs created and popularized . Quite rightly , Jobs ' array of gadgets and how they made us think differently about technology have been the focus of the avalanche of tributes to him . But as important as those legacies are , an even more important one may be that Jobs made the boom in social media possible . Social media have created a participation culture . We no longer merely watch and consume culture . We create , share and interact with it . Jobs laid the groundwork by first making it easy to use computers in our homes . He then challenged us to use them socially . But it was the iPhone that truly ushered in the age of social media and allowed us to engage with the Internet and visually interact with each other when not sitting in front of our computers at home . Would Facebook be the mobile phenomenon that it has become without the iPhone making it possible to for us to view content , upload photos and interact from any location at any time ? Without the iPhone , would Twitter have become so dominant a communications tool ? Lady Gaga tweets messages and pictures to her 14 million Twitter fans , CNN tweets breaking stories to 5.2 million followers , and the Dalai Lama tweets to his 2.5 million supporters . The iPhone was the first mobile device that taught us -- and encouraged us -- to share our words and our images of what we are doing and seeing . Jobs enabled the social media revolution in another way : He made it cool to carry electronic devices around with us . In most people 's minds , technology was the realm of "  nerds " and "  geeks . " After Bill Gates founded Microsoft , some people said that technology was "  sexy , " and it was "  cool " to be a nerd . In fact , technology continued to be the nerdiest of interests -- until Jobs made technology actually cool and hip forever . First came the discreet and trendy-looking iPod , which allowed us to download our favorite music and share it with others . The sleek iPhone followed , which enabled us to share our lives . "  Cool kids " are now the first to buy and show off their new Apple gadgets . Indeed , iPhones and now iPads have become fashion accessories , used by people to accessorize their personal images and demonstrate that they are in vogue , popular and connected . Not that many years ago , people only thought iteratively , in small steps . Even entrepreneurs and innovators focused on the "  next step " in developing their ideas . This kind of thinking is embodied in the seemingly endless versions of , say , Microsoft 's Windows . Jobs challenged himself , and those around him , to pursue ideas first and "  ask " how later . An innovator should n't think incrementally . His or her ideas should be the product of a "  leap , " as in : What about making a phone that acts like a TV ? Or a device to download and share music that is small enough to keep in your pocket ? Jobs has laid the foundation for social media to continue to thrive and expand , and surely there will be future innovations and refinements . But it 's hard to imagine anyone but Jobs connecting cutting-edge technology so effectively to what people want to do in their daily lives . Jobs made a career in taking those leaps -- and famously wowed us . In so doing , he transformed our world into one in which we can realize our dreams and desires to be a sharing society . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Karen North .	Karen North : Early personal computers were difficult to operate Steve Jobs dramatically improved the computer experience , she says North says many of Jobs ' innovations helped enable the social media boom Jobs believed in taking leaps rather than incremental steps , she says
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : Election Center " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast . Campbell Brown says whoever wins should enter the White House with his dignity intact . NEW YORK  CNN  -- By now you 've probably heard about how ugly things have gotten out there on the campaign trail in the last 48 hours . But we thought for just a moment we would take you back to kinder , gentler times . Remember this : Sen. John McCain : I pledge again a respectful campaign . A respectful campaign based on the issues and based on the stark differences we have on the vision for the future of America . Sen. Barack Obama : I said I was looking forward to a civil substantive debate on the issues and he agreed . McCain : I 've pledged to conduct a respectful campaign and I urge , time after time , various entities within the Republican party to also do that . Obama : We do n't need John McCain and I to be demonizing each other . You wo n't get that from my campaign . Oh how far we have come in such a short period of time . To say , as Gov. Sarah Palin is now doing , that Barack Obama pals around with terrorists is just outrageous . But Obama 's hands are n't clean either . Here is what he said in May of this year about McCain 's involvement in the Keating Five , a savings and loan scandal that happened in the late 80s . iReport.com : Your hopes for next debate Obama said , "  I do n't think there is any doubt that John McCain 's public record about issues that he 's apologized for and written about is not germane to the presidency . " And yet this morning the Obama campaign released a mini-documentary , walking voters through all the details of the Keating Five -- making it very much germane . There is just one month left . Please , please do n't let this devolve into a campaign you are sickened by and embarrassed to be part of . Here 's a purely practical reason : The negativity you are spewing now will only make your job harder after Election Day . Bipartisanship is really tough to achieve when everyone on both sides is left with a bad bad taste in their mouths . Here is the new CNN Opinion Research Corp. . When asked "  How are things going in the country today ? " 80 percent said badly . Eighty percent . Pollsters have been asking that question since 1974 . Eighty percent is an all-time low . People want to hear solutions from you . They want to hear how you are going to get us out of this mess . One of you will have to . Do n't you want to be able to walk into the White House with your dignity intact and your head held high ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Campbell Brown says the presidential campaign has been getting ugly Candidates once promised to take the high road , she says Voters would rather hear how candidates would solve economic ills , she says
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- The recent news item about a Connecticut worker fired for Facebook postings that annoyed her employer , like other accounts of employees sacked for private speech , was bound to draw a lot of attention . Americans hold First Amendment rights to free speech as a kind of sacrosanct birthright , and for many of us the idea that you can lose your job for expressing private thoughts away from work offends the core principle of freedom of expression . In fact , though , firing a worker for off-the-job speech that unsettles an employer is pretty routine , and for the most part very legal . The First Amendment and the rest of the Bill of Rights protect us from infringements on our liberties by acts of government , not from the oppressive acts of nongovernmental actors such as private-sector employers . Combine that with the labor law concept of "  employment at will , " which makes it possible to fire someone without due process for just about anything short of discrimination , and you are left with an American workplace where free expression has scarcely more moral credibility than employee theft . A particularly eye-catching example is an Alabama woman who lost her job -- with no legal recourse -- during the 2004 election season because her Republican boss did n't like the John Kerry bumper sticker on her car in the factory parking lot . Widespread use by just about everyone of online networks and social media opens new opportunities for workers to engage in personal expressive activity that might arouse the notice and disapproval of one 's employer , and by extension opportunities for touchy or paranoid employers to police and punish essentially harmless extracurricular speech . So in a sense , the situation involving Dawnmarie Souza , the Connecticut emergency medical technician fired by an ambulance services firm for posting negative comments about her boss on Facebook , is just the latest skirmish in an ongoing conflict between employers ' desire to keep workers in line and the rights of employees to live their private expressive lives without unwarranted employer interference . But there 's a wrinkle that makes this case important : the involvement of the National Labor Relations Board  NLRB  , which contends that Souza 's Facebook comments could be protected activity under labor law . Americans do n't enjoy general free speech protections against infringement by a private employer  with some limited exceptions , such as certain kinds of whistle-blowing  . But federal labor law does grant union-eligible workers the right to engage in "  concerted activity " for the purpose of "  mutual aid or protection " -- essentially , to communicate with each other about working conditions and terms of employment . Those same federal laws bar employers from interfering with workers ' efforts to improve their work situations . If Souza had dissed her boss in , say , a blog post or a letter to the editor , her expressive act would likely earn no protection against her employer 's wrath . But on Facebook her comments catalyzed responses from and interaction with some of her co-workers . That online "  conversation " involving Souza and other employees of the same firm is what the NLRB alleges could amount to protected concerted activity . If the courts agree  at this point it 's just a charge by the NLRB , with a hearing slated for early next year  then Souza 's dismissal was illegal . When this case does reach a courtroom , lawyers will tussle over the nature of social media sites . Does interaction within a closed Facebook circle of friends amount to private conversation , or are negative comments about one 's job or boss on Facebook the equivalent of a public statement that could affect a firm 's reputation ? Does it matter how big one 's network is ? How many co-workers have to chime in to the conversation to make it "  concerted " activity ? Until this works its way through the courts , employment lawyers are advising corporate clients to ensure that employee policies regarding internet use are not written so broadly that they chill workers ' exercise of their associational rights under labor law . Souza 's situation turns more on labor law protections than on constitutional free-speech rights because she worked for a private-sector employer . The First Amendment does afford more protection to public-sector workers , but government employees reading this should n't get their hopes up . Federal court decisions along with developments in management practice have combined to make even the public-sector workplace rather inhospitable to employee free-speech claims . Consider the cautionary tale of Ashley Payne , a Georgia public school teacher forced to resign last year when administrators learned in an anonymous email about pictures of her on Facebook holding an alcoholic beverage during a trip to Europe . According to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , Payne kept her network settings private , and never friended any students . A year later , as her case crawls through the legal system and she awaits her day in court , Payne is still unable to find a teaching position . A common reaction among working professionals to stories such as Souza 's and Payne 's is to advise people to manage their online presence and their digital footprints more carefully and prudently . Avoid giving your employer a reason to frown on your online expressive activity , goes the argument , even when you do it on your own time , on your own device , and on private networks . This is reasonable advice to the extent that it equates to "  avoid being really stupid , " but it 's unfortunate advice if it counsels individuals to suppress their own private expressive life as a career strategy . To be sure , employers need not tolerate any and all extracurricular speech by workers that might genuinely pose a legitimate threat to the firm 's interests or to its workplace harmony . If I worked for CNN , with a spare-time hobby maintaining the web site timewarnerisevil.com , it certainly should n't behoove my employer to retain my services in the name of some abstract notion of off-work freedom of personal expression . Employers need not allow workplaces to become debating societies or free-for-alls for hostility and harassment . But it 's troublesome when employers favor a management culture so bent on predictability and control that even mild or tangential departures from expressive conformity are treated with suspicion and rebuke . Employees will kvetch about jobs and bosses until the day there no longer are jobs and bosses , and enlightened employers understand that new technological vehicles for said kvetching will inevitable emerge and evolve . Holding a job should not require giving up your right to an expressive private life , even if you might be prone to the occasional untoward remark about the people who sign your paycheck . Cultivating a thin-skinned managerial impulse to treat workers ' expressive activities as existential threats to the enterprise is n't how you manage a workforce ; it 's how you chase talent away to your competitors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Barry .	Bruce Barry : Losing private-sector job over a Facebook remark does n't violate freedom of speech Employers should n't view offhand remarks on Facebook as threats , he writes Barry : National Labor Relations Board says comments may be protected under labor law Workers should n't forfeit rights , he says , and thin-skinned bosses can scare away talent
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The lengthy documents they initially were asked to sign used language even a native English speaker would struggle to understand . The Vietnamese interpreters BP first brought in for safety and cleanup training stirred painful memories and suspicions because they spoke to the elders with a North Vietnamese dialect and used what some described as "  Communist terminology . " The closings of fishing areas have been announced on radio stations these fishermen do n't follow , so some have piloted their boats where they should n't , which means tickets from the Coast Guard keep coming . For the Vietnamese-Americans living in the Gulf Coast region , the oil disaster is especially complicated . It 's made murky by language barriers , cultural misunderstandings and a history of challenges that have shaped them for more than half a century . Their ties to seafood run deep and wide . A third of all fishermen in the Gulf are Vietnamese , making them arguably the most affected minority out there . More than 24,000 people of Vietnamese origin live in Louisiana , according to the last completed census . About 6,000 live within a two-mile radius in the neighborhood of New Orleans East -- distinguishing it , the area 's priest says , as the greatest concentration of Vietnamese people outside of Vietnam . In the rectory of Mary Queen of Vietnam Church , the Rev. Vien Nguyen sits in front of an altar to his ancestors and his Catholic faith . Religious texts in English and his native tongue fill the high shelves around him , as do books bearing titles like "  Freshwater Crayfish Aquaculture , " "  The Evolution of Cajun & Creole Cuisine " and Franz Kafka 's "  The Trial . " Here , he introduces some of the Kafkaesque oil-disaster trials facing his own people . He talks about their distrust of lawyers -- "  sharks , " he calls them -- who 've come in from out of state , circling them with promises and confusing papers . He mentions the mental health concerns -- depression , lack of sleep , tensions in homes -- that need to be addressed , a task made difficult by an absence of Vietnamese-speaking therapists in a community that still stigmatizes admissions of emotional trouble . He worries about the lack of job training and opportunities for a people who 've worked in an industry that may suffer for God knows how long . "  These are proud , active people who contribute to their own livelihood , and now they have to be in lines , " asking for handouts , he says . "  It is a devastating blow . " About 80 percent of Vietnamese-Americans in the Gulf region are connected to the seafood industry through jobs that include fishing , shucking oysters , packing shrimp , and running stores and restaurants , the priest and others say . The work they do is something many brought with them from fishing villages in their native land , a place most of them fled as "  boat people " after the 1975 fall of Saigon and the end of the Vietnam War . That departure was for many the second time they 'd become refugees . They 'd already uprooted themselves and started over with nothing in 1954 , when their country divided into North and South and they , as the Catholic minority living in Vietnam , ran from the Communist rule that took over the North . The former Archbishop Philip Hannan of the Archdiocese of New Orleans reached out to them in refugee camps in America , inviting them to call his home theirs . So they came here in the '70s and '80s with the help of Catholic Charities and , over the next 30 years , reinvented their lives once more -- in a climate reminiscent of the country they 'd left behind . They worked hard in a familiar industry that did n't require them to master English , often leaving their children to be cared for by older siblings and relatives so they could put in long days . They created a self-reliant community where their own local businesses thrived . They planted acres of vegetable gardens along levees , incorporating the agricultural roots of their ancestors . Today , people wearing the traditional conical straw hats stoop in their cultivated yards or walk along streets with names like Saigon Drive . A trailer , lined with coolers of freshly caught shrimp for sale at hiked-up prices , is parked in front of a strip mall that includes Tram Anh Video , Kim Tram Jewelry and Tien Pharmacy . Hurricane Katrina five years ago marked the third time they lost everything and had to start over . But it was also the storm that gave them a voice . The documentary "  A Village Called Versailles " -- a reference to the public housing project where they first settled -- debuted on PBS last month . It chronicles how the Vietnamese-Americans living in New Orleans East galvanized after Katrina , making theirs among the first neighborhoods to rebuild . Grass-roots organizers established agencies to fight for assistance and empower people , including one for youth called the Vietnamese American Young Leaders Association of New Orleans  VAYLA-NO  . The church , which began holding Mass just six weeks after the floodwaters destroyed what they 'd created , became a staging ground for construction help and community meals . Health clinics sprouted up , as did a new charter school . And collectively , they protested a planned 90-foot-high landfill of hurricane debris on their neighborhood 's edge , shutting down a move by the city government that they 'd never confronted en masse before . A few years later , in 2008 , they 'd help elect the nation 's first Vietnamese-American congressman , Louisiana Republican Anh "  Joseph " Cao . The next challenge : oil Over a bowl of homemade pho , a Vietnamese beef noodle soup , Tuan Nguyen provides a glimpse into how the community is mobilizing to face its newest challenge . He 's the 30-year-old deputy director of the Mary Queen of Vietnam Community Development Corporation  MQVN CDC  , established after Katrina , and serves on the rapid response team created by Cao after the oil disaster . Along with others on the team , he 's been crisscrossing the region , meeting with fishermen and others -- not just Vietnamese -- to assess their needs , gather testimonies , answer questions and advocate on their behalf . They 've succeeded in gaining the ear of a BP official , Larry Thomas , who among other things has approved the hiring of qualified and trained bilingual interpreters . "  We had never been exposed to the Vietnamese community , " says Thomas , the BP manager of government and public affairs for the lower 48 states and the Gulf of Mexico . "  Clearly , it 's a tight-knit community , and it 's been a steep learning curve for us . The interaction has been great . " Even with all he knows about navigating the system and securing whatever assistance is available , whether that 's food stamps or BP claim dollars , Nguyen ca n't persuade some of his own relatives to get the help they so desperately need . "  One of my wife 's uncles is a very proud man . He 's a deckhand . I told him to come in and talk about services , " Nguyen says . "  He said , ' I ca n't stand in line . What if someone sees me ? ' " While his wife 's uncle wo n't accept assistance , others in the state have driven hours to get simple answers to questions from agencies like the MQVN CDC . The hope , Nguyen and others say , is that grass-roots organizations will sprout up elsewhere to help meet the growing and often different community needs . One such organization has already been formed in Biloxi , Mississippi , an area that is home to about 5,000 Vietnamese-Americans . The Mississippi Coalition of Vietnamese American Fisherfolk and Families , led by volunteers , is hoping to step in where the New Orleans organizations logistically ca n't . Celina Tran , 36 , is working full-time -- on top of her real estate broker job -- to help wherever she can . She 's accompanying people to the BP claims office . She 's meeting with fisherfolk to discuss their concerns and recognizes with frustration how unqualified she is to talk to them about fights in their marriages . She 's sending testimonials to the state judiciary , in an attempt to force Mississippi to expand assistance opportunities . And all the while , she 's worrying about what the future holds . She sees families falling behind on mortgages -- for their homes and their boats . At about $ 1 million a pop , many of the big Biloxi vessels require payments of $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 a month . The up to $ 5,000 a month that BP is paying out to captains and boat owners is of little comfort to them , especially when there are home mortgages , too , college tuition payments and more . "  They 've been doing this for 45 years , 50 years of their life . They 've relied on each other , " Tran says . "  If this drags out , it will only get worse . " Nearly 180 miles away , back over the Louisiana state line , Ngoc Nguyen is racing around with her clipboard . She and her husband own St. Vincent Seafood in Leeville , a small fishing community . It 's a business they took over from her father-in-law , who 's standing around the dock in his "  Luck of the Irish " T-shirt . The shrimp being unloaded off their boat amounts to a third of what they usually bring in , says Nguyen , 27 . It was out for two months , but given water closures imposed because of the oil disaster , access to shrimp was limited . "  There 's nothing else we can do , " she says , refusing to ponder what the family 's alternative would be if life does n't get back to normal , and soon . "  We 've never invested in anything else . It 's all seafood . " But Rep. Cao holds out hope that the Vietnamese community in the Gulf will pull through -- because it always has . "  We are resilient people . We are survivors , " he says . "  It 's an obstacle in life , and we will overcome it . And we will emerge stronger . "	Language and cultural barriers , troubled history complicate oil disaster for Vietnamese Seafood industry is lifeline for 80 percent of Vietnamese living in the Gulf region Starting over not new for people who came here as refugees and rebuilt after Katrina Congressman Anh "  Joseph " Cao : "  We are resilient people . We are survivors . "
West Pittston , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The swollen Susquehanna River began receding in northern Pennsylvania on Friday as authorities there and in other eastern U.S. states hit by the remnants of Tropical Storm Lee surveyed the damage . The Susquehanna appeared to crest at 42.66 feet at Wilkes-Barre , said Charles Ross with the National Weather Service in State College , Pennsylvania . Earlier , officials had said the river crested there at 38.83 feet , but that estimate was based on a faulty flood gauge , said Ross . "  Unofficially , it appears to be a crest of record , " he said , surpassing the previous high set by Hurricane Agnes in 1972 . Flood stage there is 22 feet , according to the National Weather Service . While the flood-engorged Susquehanna crested in some Pennsylvanian and New York cities , other communities braced for still-higher water levels . The tropical moisture brought floodwaters that have left at least four people dead , caused widespread damage , and prompted police and the National Guard to patrol neighborhoods in an effort to ward off looters . On Thursday , President Barack Obama signed emergency declarations for Pennsylvania and neighboring New York , making federal resources available to respond to the flooding and its aftermath . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo surveyed some of the hardest-hit areas of his state Friday . "  There 's no doubt that there is significant damage , " he said . "  My guess is that there will be thousands of homes that will have sustained damage when all is said and done -- hundreds of businesses . " Cuomo said officials were moving from emergency operations into an assessment phase , but warned residents to remain vigilant . "  Stay off the roads . It 's not yet time to go home . The water has n't receded , " he said . In Luzerne County , in the northeastern part of Pennsylvania , between 65,000 and 70,000 people were ordered to leave their homes as the Susquehanna rose above flood stage , according to Emergency Management Coordinator Stephen Bekanich . The valley has a levee system that tops out at 41 feet , said Drew McLaughlin , a spokesman for the Wilkes-Barre mayor 's office . McLaughlin and other officials were examining the levees . "  We 're closely monitoring , and it seems they are holding steady , " he said . "  It 's pretty much a ghost town , " McLaughlin said from south downtown , adding that residents appeared to heed the call to leave . Other Luzerne County communities not protected by the system were not so fortunate . Heavy flooding was reported in West Pittston , Harding and Plymouth Township . "  At this point , we have n't been able to assess that  flooding and damage  because the water is so high , " Bekanich said . Plymouth Township resident Francis Federici was forced to leave his home , which sat in five feet of floodwaters . "  On a normal day , we love it here , " he said . "  There 's nobody around us . We have a beautiful yard . We were fixing our home up . " Luzerne County Commissioner Maryanne Petrilla told CNN that "  potentially thousands of homes " have been affected . Shelter space for 4,100 was rapidly being filled , and the county was looking for more space , she said . The area from Ithaca to Syracuse to Utica , in New York , and from Wilkes-Barre , to Scranton , to Monticello , in Pennsylvania , continued to experience major to record flooding , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . An 8-year-old boy died Thursday in East Cocalico Township , Pennsylvania , after he was caught in a storm-water drain , said Cpl. Melissa Arment with the East Cocalico Township police . He was taken to a local hospital , where he was pronounced dead , she said . A 71-year-old man died Wednesday night in Derry Township , Pennsylvania , as he was bailing water out of the basement of his home and the walls of the structure caved in , said Chief Patrick O'Rourke of Derry Township Police . A third person drowned early Thursday near Brickerville in Lancaster County , CNN affiliate WGAL-TV reported . And a fourth person died about 4:30 a.m. Thursday in North Lebanon Township , Pennsylvania , police said . A motorist became stranded in high water and was outside the vehicle when struck by another vehicle , which then left the scene . The suspect and that vehicle were found , authorities said . Elizabethtown , Pennsylvania , had received an incredible 15.37 inches of rainfall associated with Lee . At least six other communities had rainfall totals exceeding 10 inches . Many in the area recalled the flooding caused by Hurricane Agnes in 1972 . That storm dumped as much as 18 inches of rain on the area in two days , destroying more than 68,000 homes and 3,000 businesses , and leaving 220,000 Pennsylvanians homeless . In Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania , CNN iReporter Nick Bohacz said flooded roads prevented him from getting to work . Bohacz , who sent in several photos of the flooding , said he saw a line of people outside a hardware store waiting for supplies . The rising Susquehanna and Chenango rivers were also triggering evacuations in upstate New York , where evacuation orders were issued for portions of Binghamton and the towns of Conklin , Endicott , Johnson City , Union and Vestal , according to CNN affiliate YNN-TV . Numerous cities and counties declared a state of emergency . Video from Johnson City showed a flooded shopping mall and a football field with water nearly up to its goalposts . Water was coming over the flood walls in Binghamton , county spokeswoman Colleen Wagner said . About 15,000 people were ordered to evacuate , and about 1,400 were in shelters , she said . State officials sent in food and water . A number of boat rescues have taken place , she said , but she did not know how many . Broome County Emergency Services Director Brett Chellis urged people in the evacuation areas to leave and not return for now . Water was topping flood walls in Union and Vestal as well as Binghamton , he said . In Otego , New York , about 50 miles northeast of Binghamton , CNN iReporter Don Wyckoff captured footage of water cascading down a road . Wyckoff said he was stunned after watching neighbors and family members lose their homes to the floodwaters . "  You are seeing the tiny mill creek rip out culvert pipes and tearing away roads , " he said . "  We never thought we would see this again . It happened in 2006 , but it is worse now . " In Oneonta , on the Susquehanna upstream of Binghamton , Police Chief Gary O'Neill said some roads were washed out and parks flooded , but the water appeared to be receding . On the down side , water was flooding the chief 's home in Binghamton . Mandatory evacuations were also in place for low-lying areas near Schenectady , New York , YNN said . In neighboring Montgomery County , authorities closed all roads and county buildings , saying only emergency vehicles would be allowed to travel . The New York State Thruway Authority opened and closed several roads and ramps . In Maryland , areas near Baltimore were also affected . High water blocked dozens of roads in Baltimore County , according to CNN affiliate WMAR-TV . The Prince George 's County , Maryland , Fire and EMS Department said it was responding to numerous emergency calls , and nearly two dozen people had been rescued or helped by firefighters and the department 's swift-water team . Additional rain is in store for much of the region the next couple of days , with up to an inch forecast through Sunday , according to the National Weather Service . The rain comes on top of the heavy precipitation that has fallen in the region from Hurricane Irene . What 's left of Lee stalled across the central Appalachian Mountains and has since drifted into Indiana . CNN 's Chandler Friedman , Ashley Hayes , Phil Gast , Sarah Dillingham , Ines Ferre , Mary Snow , Scott Thompson and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	NEW : At least four people have died in the flooding so far NEW : The Susquehanna River crests nearly 21 feet above flood stage NEW : New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo : "  There 's no doubt that there is significant damage " Wilkes-Barre officials say they believe the levees will hold
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has condemned working conditions in Qatar as "  unacceptable " after an Amnesty International report claimed migrant worker abuse was rife in the country which will host the 2022 World Cup . The head of world football 's governing body was speaking after a meeting with International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  president Michael Sommer in Zurich , during which the pair agreed "  fair working conditions must be introduced quickly , consistently and on a sustained basis in Qatar . " Blatter met with the Emir of Qatar earlier this month in Doha , holding a news conference afterwards in which he claimed Qatar was addressing criticisms over its treatment of migrant workers . "  Economic and political leaders must contribute to improving the unacceptable situation in Qatar , " Blatter said in a statement on Thursday . "  I am convinced that Qatar is taking the situation very seriously . These very discussions about Qatar show just what an important role football can play in generating publicity and thus bringing about change . " Blatter has assigned Dr. Theo Zwanziger , a member of the FIFA executive committee which voted in 2010 to award the World Cup to Qatar , to continue talks with the ITUC -- the world 's largest trade union federation -- and human rights organizations . "  The aim is to be in a position to report on concrete measures for Qatar at the Executive Committee meeting in March 2014 , " said Zwanziger . "  Large companies must be reminded of their duties in this area . The international community must also accept its responsibility . "  Qatar must guarantee the International Labour Organisation 's core labor standards and thus eliminate discrimination and forced labour as well as allow freedom of association for its 1.3 million migrant workers , " added Sommer . The meeting at FIFA headquarters was mediated by German Football Federation president Wolfgang Niersbach , who said the World Cup coming to Qatar will help improve conditions in the country . "  The awarding of the World Cup and the considerable public exposure gives us the opportunity to point out irregularities and to exact lasting change , " said Niersbach . "  If we succeed , then a lot will have been achieved . " Following the publication of the Amnesty report , the Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee , which oversees Qatar 's World Cup plans , promised to release new "  Workers ' Welfare Standards " regarding recruitment , pay , housing and repatriation policies for foreign workers by the end of this year . The standards , it said , will be "  aligned with Qatari law and international best practice . " It said that it held a "  productive discussion " with Amnesty International over the weekend about worker treatment , and agreed to continue talks in the run-up to the event . The committee also said all contracts related to its projects will be enshrined in the Qatar 2022 Workers ' Charter to protect workers ' rights . In response to Amnesty 's allegations , the director of the Human Rights Department at Qatar 's Foreign Ministry said laws are in place to protect workers from mistreatment "  In the event that the Ministry of Labor becomes aware that the employer has not adhered to the contract ... then it will take all legal means and measures against the employer , " the agency wrote to Amnesty .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter calls conditions for migrant workers in Qatar "  unacceptable " Amnesty International reported migrant worker abuse was rife in Qatar Blatter says he is convinced Qatar is taking the situation "  very seriously " FIFA awarded Qatar the right to host the 2022 World Cup in 2010
New York  CNN  -- An Egyptian cobra that drew thousands of Twitter fans has been found alive after it went missing for days from a New York City zoo . "  As you can imagine , we are delighted to report that the snake has been found alive and well , " Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny said Thursday . Zoo officials conducted around-the-clock searches for the 3-ounce , 20-inch long reptile , he said . Breheny said the cobra had sought a secure hiding spot within the holding areas of the zoo 's reptile house -- a complex environment with pumps , motors and other mechanical systems . But it was lured out after zoo officials sprinkled wood shavings from exhibit beds across areas where they guessed the cobra was hiding . "  It was the scent of rodents  on the wood clippings  that we hoped would bring her out , " Breheny added . "  The key strategy here was patience , " he said in a prepared statement . The snake went missing Saturday from an off-exhibit enclosure , prompting the zoo to close the reptile house . Officials had earlier cautioned that it might take days or even weeks before the snake was found , and urged the public not to panic , saying the cobra was likely contained within the building . While the mystery of the missing snake may have caused concern for zoo-goers , it also earned a cult following online . After launching on Monday , the anonymous @BronxZoosCobra Twitter feed had amassed nearly 200,000 followers by 6 p.m. Thursday . The feed had given the snake a hilarious shtick by toying a bit with the fears of skittish New Yorkers . "  City may not sleep , but I 'm ready to . Ooh a chimney ! I bet you bragged to your friends about having a working fireplace in NYC . Hi roomie , " was posted on the site . "  A lot of people are asking how I can tweet with no access to a computer or fingers . Ever heard of an iPhone ? Duh , " says another tweet . "  Taking the Sex and the City Tour !!! I 'm totally a SSSamantha , " the anonymous tweet added . "  Just FYI , I 've had it with Samuel L. Jackson too . " Its Twitter profile listed the reptile as "  an Egyptian cobra out on the town . " The species ' more common home , however , is North Africa . Its venom is so deadly that it can kill a full-grown elephant in three hours -- or a person in about 15 minutes , according to wildlife experts . The venom destroys nerve tissue and causes paralysis and death because of respiratory failure . Scholars believe the Egyptian cobra was known in ancient times as the asp . Legend has it that Cleopatra , the ancient Egyptian queen , used an asp to commit suicide . Breheny called the snake 's absence "  a serious situation , " but said he was heartened by what he described as an apparent confidence that zoo officials would find the cobra . The media "  would n't have spoofed the situation the way they did " if they believed otherwise , he said . CNN 's Gene Bloch contributed to this report	An Egyptian cobra is found in the holding area of the reptile house The snake has its own Twitter account , created for it anonymously Its disappearance Saturday prompted the zoo to close the reptile house
Editor 's note : Abigail Thernstrom is the author of "  Voting Rights -- and Wrongs : The Elusive Quest for Racially Fair Elections , " published this month by the AEI Press . She is the vice-chairwoman of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights and an adjunct scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . Her writing can be found at http://www.thernstrom.com/ . Abigail Thernstrom says ethnic and racial politics have n't faded away with the election of Barack Obama . CNN  -- Some of us thought the election of Barack Obama as president might signal a fading away of the old identity politics . The assumption that fundamental lines of division in politics are set by race and ethnicity would seem to be a bit passé when 43 percent of white voters cast their ballots for a proudly "  post-racial " African-American . But the president himself has made identity politics front-page news with his selection of Judge Sonia Sotomayor as his Supreme Court nominee . She played an important role in the New Haven firefighters ' case  Ricci v. DeStefano  now awaiting decision by the Supreme Court . Sotomayor and two colleagues simply brushed aside the important constitutional and statutory questions raised by the city 's decision to discard the results of a race-neutral test given to applicants for promotions within the department . Too many men of the "  wrong " color had passed it -- that is , all of those who scored highest were white except for one Hispanic . Those firefighters had worked hard to get the test results they did ; the lead plaintiff , Frank Ricci , is dyslexic , but he had been on the force for 11 years and was determined to become a lieutenant , so he paid an acquaintance more than $ 1,000 to read textbooks onto audiotapes and make flash cards . Ricci gave up his second job in order to study long hours -- and aced the test . President Obama , in his famous Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , race speech during the campaign , said that when whites hear "  that an African-American is getting an advantage in landing a good job or a spot in a good college because of an injustice that they themselves never committed ... resentment builds over time . " Yes . And when firefighters are denied promotions they earned simply because they are white , resentment builds . Discarding that test has struck many as an instance of racial preferences run amok . Will the real Barack Obama please stand up ? Did he mean to imply in that Philadelphia speech that the "  empathy " he claims to celebrate extends not only to minority victims of injustice , but also to whites ? And is he a man who remains eager to move beyond identity politics , as he suggested numerous times in the course of his campaign -- or not ? Questions abound . He has tried to downplay Sotomayor 's now infamous declaration that "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life , " suggesting that it was nothing more than a poor choice of words . But in the same speech , Sotomayor wondered "  whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society . " And , most remarkably , she stated : "  Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences ... our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging . " "  Inherent physiological or cultural differences " ? Can the president possibly believe that Latina women -- and indeed minority women in general -- are born to see questions of law in a different and better light than white men or even men of color ? It 's in their physiological and cultural makeup . A fact of nature . If indeed the president believes in such disturbing racial determinism , weep for our nation . Either the president is a man of many parts , untroubled by his own conflicting views , or he is an immensely skilled and coldly calculating politician who is eager to court the Latino vote and knows that few senators are likely to vote against a "  first . " Identity politics is on the line in Ricci and also in another forthcoming Supreme Court decision , a key case involving minority voting rights . Later this month , the Supreme Court will decide whether in 2009 , black candidates for public office can win running in majority-white settings . At issue in "  Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District No. 1 v. Holder " is the constitutionality of a key , temporary provision of the 1965 Voting Rights Act that was renewed for the fourth time in 2006 on the theory that voting discrimination had just become "  more subtle " than it was four decades earlier . The renewal meant that the Justice Department could continue to insist on districting maps that were carefully racially gerrymandered to elect black and Hispanic candidates . Legislative quotas have been the remedy for persistent racial exclusion -- seats reserved for candidates who are the choice of minority voters . But is America still a nation steeped in the muck of old-fashioned racism -- the results of the 2008 election notwithstanding ? Are we condemned to identity politics in choosing firefighters for promotion , in drawing districting maps for legislative bodies  from school boards all the way up to congressional delegations  , and in a multitude of other spheres into the indefinite future ? Sonia Sotomayor 's nomination suggests that the answer will be yes . A sad thought . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Abigail Thernstrom .	Abigail Thernstrom : There were hopes ethnic politics would fade after Obama 's win She says nomination of Sonia Sotomayor rekindled racial and ethnic debate Thernstrom : Two pending Supreme Court cases also raise identity politics issues
CNN  -- Let 's see how far this goes without making a dead parrot reference . Wish me luck . Monty Python 's Flying Circus can not be stopped . And , apparently , not even contained . The five surviving members of the British-based renegade comedy troupe announced this week they were getting the band back together for live performances , their first together in more than a decade . In the funny business world , this is equivalent to the Beatles getting back together . And the Rolling Stones , too .  Oh , wait . They 've never broken up exactly , have they ? Rewind . See what I just did ? I broke the pattern , digressed from form -- and did so with unapologetic silliness . If you want to know why this Python get-together has aroused such good feeling from everyone , you have to begin by knowing that this is how Graham Chapman , John Cleese , Terry Gilliam , Eric Idle , Terry Jones and Michael Palin went about their business back when their BBC series began in 1969 . The Pythons stretched , tugged and bent the TV variety-revue format into shapes unimagined in the medium except by such American pioneers of surreal TV as Ernie Kovacs . Imagine , for instance , having three clueless and crass Spanish Inquisitors burst into an English drawing room for a routine and using them as a running gag through other routines on the same episode up to and including the closing credits . Monty Python did that bit and many more , using unlikely elements , like bicycle repairmen , hapless superheroes , dotty old ladies , bookshops with naughty dentists , cheese shops with dancing men in derby hats and lots and lots of Spam . "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus " made landfall -- or , rather , pratfall -- on American public television stations in the early 1970s , and its unapologetic anarchy and snide surrealism triumphed here . Oh , there were some who did n't get the jokes , believing the blithe zaniness of the Pythons ' humor to be irrelevant to the Vietnam War and on behalf of women 's rights , black empowerment , gay pride and other white-hot issues of that polarized time . What these solemn spoilsports did n't , or could n't understand at the time is that sociopolitical conflicts come and go , but a dirty fork and a sissy lumberjack are things of lasting consequence and sublimity . Those who were n't there at the time -- and you know who you are -- can see for yourselves what all the giggling was about thanks in large part to YouTube 's Monty Python Channel , which the troupe initiated in 2008 as a site for showcasing its vintage BBC sketches as well as scenes from such classic Python films as 1975 's "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail , " 1979 's "  Life of Brian " and 1983 's "  The Meaning of Life . " With Python-esque faux grouchiness , the channel urged its viewers to "  click on the links , buy our movies and TV shows , and soften our pain from being ripped off all these years . " They 're kidding , of course . At least , they seem to be . But I 'm speculating that one of the reasons the band is getting back together  without Chapman , who died in 1989  is partly to take advantage of this fresh wave of digital fans who 've never seen them act silly in public , but have likely wasted time at work or home watching the "  Flying Lesson " routine in which Jones walks into an office seeking a pilot 's license and is instead goaded by Chapman , suspended in midair , to flap his arms and jump off a desk ? Or to watch Palin walk into a formal office in search of an argument and find himself in a pointless series of contradictions with a stuffy Cleese ? Or to watch those same two gentleman in riotous dispute over the sentience of a Norwegian blue parrot . ... Almost made it ! Dang ! The only question this week 's news offers is whether these now-septuagenarian crazy men are still limber enough to bring fresh surprises to the table . I 'm going to go with ... probably . Which is the best I can do until I see for myself whether Jones and Palin can still work their old-lady outfits . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Monty Python 's reunion will bring back its brand of unapologetic silliness He says news is huge for fans of troupe 's BBC show and popular films He says anarchic , boundary-breaking humor was n't always easy fit in social turmoil of '70s Seymour : Pythons have found new fans on YouTube , but will humor fly for 2013 audience ?
CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell edged out Gregory Havret of France by a stroke on Sunday to become the first European to claim the U.S. Open golf title in 40 years . McDowell shot a three-over-par 74 at Pebble Beach on Sunday -- the highest closing round by a U.S. Open champion in 25 years , to finish on level-par 284 . With surprise contender Havret safely in the clubhouse on one-over 285 , he kept his nerve to two putt the final hole for his first major triumph . "  It 's a very special feeling to pick this trophy up on the 18th green of one of the most special golf courses on the planet , " the 30-year-old told the official PGA Tour website . Golf experts cast their verdicts "  To join the list of names , Tom Kite , Tom Watson , Tiger Woods , Jack Nicklaus . I ca n't believe I 'm standing here as a major champion . It 's an amazing feeling . " England 's Tony Jacklin was the last European winner of the U.S. Open at Hazeltine in 1970 . McDowell , who was coming off a victory on the European Tour at Celtic Manor , started the day three shots behind American Duston Johnson on three-under - par . McDowell savors ` special moment ' But as Johnson frittered away shots on his front nine on the way to an 82 , McDowell took command and had shots in hand on the field for the tough back nine of the Californian links . The expected challenge from Tiger Woods never materialized as the world number one could not match the brilliance of his third round 66 . Tiger 's ` long process ' continues He told NBC that "  mental mistakes " were behind his four-over 75 , which left him in a tie for fourth with arch-rival Phil Mickelson on three-over 287 . Mickelson , who started the day seven adrift of Johnson , also found momentum hard to come by and had to watch playing partner Havret launch the main challenge to McDowell . Pictures from Pebble Beach South African star Ernie Els was also briefly in the lead with McDowell at three-under-par through his sixth hole , but a poor run around the turn dashed his chances and he finished third on two-over par after a 72 . Havret , the world number 381 going into the second major of the season , needed to birdie the par-five closing hole to put pressure on McDowell , but missed his putt for a four . Mickelson jokes about Open futility It left McDowell to take the safe route and lay-up short of the green before pitching on and two-putting for the sweetest of victories . He went into the tournament overshadowed by the likes of Lee Westwood and fellow Northern Ireland star Rory McIlroy , two of five Britons in the world top 10 , but encouraged by his Celtic Manor victory was on the top of his game . Blog : McDowell 's win a boost for British sport "  I controlled my emotions , " said McDowell . "  I felt calm all week . " Attention will now turn to St.Andrews in Scotland in the third week of July for the third major of the season where U.S. Masters champion Mickelson will looking for his second major of 2010 while Woods will look for the 15th of his career .	Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell wins the U.S. Open by a stroke Gregory Havret of France finishes second , Ernie Els claims third place Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson locked in tie for fourth , three shots back McDowell becomes first European to win U.S. Open in 40 years
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- With 10 American Baptist missionaries in Haiti now charged with kidnapping for attempting to take 33 children out of the country , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday the case is for Haitian courts to decide . "  Obviously this is a matter for the Haitian judicial system , " Clinton told reporters at the State Department . "  We 're going to continue to provide support as we do in every instance like this to American citizens who have been charged and hope that this matter can be resolved in an expeditious way , but it is something that a sovereign nation is pursuing based on the evidence that it presented when the charges were announced . " Clinton said the U.S. Embassy in Haiti is providing consular services and the American ambassador is speaking with his counterparts in the Haitian government . "  We have full access " to the Americans , she said . A judge has not ruled on the missionaries ' petition for bail , said their attorney , Edwin Coq . However , under Haitian law , anyone accused of kidnapping a child is not eligible for bail , the attorney general 's office said earlier . The 10 missionaries , including group leader Laura Silsby , were charged Thursday with kidnapping children and criminal association . Haitian authorities split up the group , which was being held in a city jail , on Friday , Coq said . Coq said the five men have been sent to the national penitentiary , which was damaged in the massive January 12 earthquake that leveled much of Port-au-Prince . The five women have been sent to a prison in nearby Petionville . Court hearings will be held Monday and Tuesday for his clients , Coq said . Conviction on the kidnapping charge would carry a maximum penalty of life in prison ; the criminal association charge would carry a penalty of three to nine years , according to a former justice minister . The Americans were turned back a week ago as they tried to take the children across the border into the Dominican Republic without proper documentation . They said they were going to house them in a converted hotel in that country and later move them to an orphanage they were building there . The Americans have said they were just trying to help the children leave the earthquake-stricken country . Some of the detained Americans have said they thought they were helping orphans , but their interpreters told CNN this week that they were present when group members spoke with some of the children 's parents . Some parents in a village outside Port-au-Prince said they had willingly given their children over to the Americans , who promised them a better life , and who said the parents could see their children whenever they wanted to . Coq said he felt Silsby , who was leading the missionary group , was responsible for the situation . "  Let me tell you my personal impression , " Coq said Friday , "  the nine other people are victims . They knew absolutely nothing about these stories . They were extremely touched by the disaster which struck Haiti . They only came here to show their solidarity and compassion . "  They did not know this story that Laura wanted to leave with children . " The Dominican consul general has said he warned Silsby about trying to cross the border without proper documents . Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday that the judge in the case has three months to decide whether to prosecute . "  We hope that he will decide long before those three months , " he said . "  He can release them , he can ask to prosecute them . " If a decision is made to prosecute , the case would be heard before a jury , he said . Bellerive told CNN the Haitian government was open to the possibility of the case being transferred to a U.S. court , but said the request would have to come from the United States . "  Until now , I was not asked , " he said . In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley confirmed that "  we have not had any discussions with Haitian officials about shifting prosecution to the United States . " "  This is a Haitian legal process . Obviously the 10 American citizens have been charged under Haitian law , " he said . "  It would appear , based on the reporting that we 've seen , that they ... were attempting to move those children out of Haiti without the authorization of the Haitian government . We recognize that that is a potential violation of Haitian law . The judge in this case has interviewed the Americans , he has evaluated the evidence that has been presented to him . " U.S. officials are talking with Haitian officials about how the cases will unfold , and the United States will continue to monitor the situation closely , Crowley said . Former President Bill Clinton , the U.N. envoy to Haiti , said Haitian leaders do n't want the issue to become a distraction to the recovery effort . "  I think what 's important now is for the government of Haiti and the government of the United States to get together and work through this because the government of Haiti understands that they 're not looking for some big fight here , " Clinton said Friday . "  They just want to protect their children . " He added , "  I think they will find a way to defuse the crisis and work through this . " Government approval is needed for any Haitian child to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children had no passports . Some members of the group belong to the Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho , where the pastor asked for privacy and would not discuss the matter . "  I know you have many questions but we do n't have answers right now , " said Assistant Pastor Drew Ham in a note to reporters . CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Washington and Lonzo Cook in Port-au-Prince contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney says he believes group 's leader is responsible for the situation 10 U.S. missionaries moved to separate prisons ; judge has not yet ruled on bail They are charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti Hillary Clinton joins Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " Sunday to discuss Haiti
CNN  -- A Baltimore man pleaded guilty Thursday in connection with a plot to bomb a military recruiting station in retaliation for U.S. forces killing Muslims overseas , authorities said . Antonio Benjamin Martinez , 22 , a Muslim convert who also goes by the name Muhammad Hussain , pleaded guilty to use of a weapon of mass destruction against federal property in connection with the plot involving an Armed Forces Career Center in Catonsville , Maryland , the Justice Department said . The guilty plea was part of a plea agreement with prosecutors , authorities said . If the court accepts the plea , Martinez will be sentenced to 25 years in prison . Sentencing is set for April 6 . Martinez was arrested in December 2010 after attempting to detonate an inert device supplied to him by an undercover FBI agent , authorities said . According to the plea agreement , Martinez first raised the subject of attacking military targets with an FBI confidential source in October 2010 . During recorded conversations that followed with the source and later an undercover FBI agent , Martinez identified the recruiting station as a target and "  spoke about his anger toward America , his belief that Muslims were being unjustly targeted and killed by the American military , and his desire to commit jihad to send a message that American soldiers would be killed unless the country stopped its ` war ' against Islam , " federal prosecutors said . He also articulated his beliefs in postings on his Facebook page and in two Facebook chats with the source , the Justice Department said . He attempted to recruit people to join in the plot , authorities said . All of them declined , and one attempted to dissuade him from it . But Martinez agreed to meet the confidential source 's "  Afghani brother " -- the undercover FBI agent -- after the source told him the "  brother " would be interested in helping . He told the agent that he wanted jihadist activities to be his "  profession , " authorities said . On December 8 , he met the source to drive to a public parking lot near the recruiting center and attempted to detonate the device . On the way , he had the source videotape him saying he would continue to fight "  against the oppressors until those who waged war with Islam stopped their actions , " the Justice Department said . "  Martinez admitted that the bomb was intended to kill military service members who worked in the building , " authorities said . "  This is an example of another successful prosecution that resulted from outstanding partnerships between the Muslim community and law enforcement , " said Richard McFeely , FBI special agent in charge , in a Justice Department statement . "  As the threat from homegrown violent extremists remains high , the FBI and our police partners rely on a two-way flow of information with the Muslim community at large . Together we are working to stop those that have perverted the Islamic faith into something it is not . " Martinez 's attorney argued in a December 2010 hearing that federal authorities set his client up in a sting operation . But Rod Rosenstein , the U.S. attorney in Baltimore , said at the time federal authorities "  do n't initiate these investigations unless there is a credible allegation that the defendant himself  has  already expressed an intent to cause harm . And secondly , throughout the investigation , the FBI seeks to clarify the defendant 's intent , challenging him , making certain that he 's expressly told that he does n't need to go forward with this . "	Man pleads guilty to use of a weapon of mass destruction against federal property Antonio Martinez attempted to set off an inert device at a military recruiting center If court accepts the plea , Martinez will be sentenced to 25 years in prison
What a difference a day makes . On Wednesday , Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich seemed outraged after learning that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's appointees had apparently targeted his town as part of a political vendetta , orchestrating traffic jams because he had n't endorsed the governor . "  I 'm actually rooting that the highest elected official in the state of New Jersey is n't involved in this , but I will tell you , I 'm beginning to question my judgment , " he said , saying that the traffic snarls caused by lane closures on the George Washington Bridge "  put my town in harm 's way . " Asked by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer whether he would accept a phone call apologizing from Christie , Sokolich said the governor should n't bother . "  Do me a favor , do n't call me , but call the families who were waiting three , four times longer for emergency services when their loved ones were having heart palpitations or when their loved ones had extreme chest pains and were waiting for our ambulance corps to arrive , " he said . "  Do me a favor , call and apologize to thousands of families whose kids were late for the first day of school and the three or four days that ensued thereafter . Call our police department . Call our administrators in the school system that had to deal with this . Call the folks that had to deal with traffic Armageddon that week . Do n't call me . " Even as Christie publicly apologized at a press conference Thursday , Sokolich said he did n't want the governor to come to his town before an investigation into the matter was complete . "  It would appear that there is still some untold chapters here , " he said , "  and we would n't want him to expend gas unnecessarily . " Sokolich said he welcomed the apology , but did n't need to hear it in person -- yet . "  To do it now in light of what 's transpired over the last 24 hours , it 's just going to cause more chaos in Fort Lee . We do n't need it at this point . And I 've got to tell you , I think he ought to wait for this investigation to conclude , otherwise we 're going to be spending a lot of gas coming up and down the turnpike . " But later in the day Thursday , after meeting with Christie , he struck a more measured tone . "  I 'm glad he came . I take him for his word , which is he had nothing to do with it . And I said this once , I said this 100 times . We in Fort Lee are not rooting for facts to , you know , come about and surface that would suggest in some shape or form that he was involved in it . We take him for his word . " Sokolich described his meeting with Christie as "  productive " and "  cordial . " "  I accepted his apology . Yes I did . ... . When I was also speaking to you folks while the governor was conducting his press conference , I had indicated that , you know , maybe it would n't be productive  for him  to come up now , and I explained to the governor that was n't to be disrespectful . It was just to -- would n't it make more sense to do this once the investigation was concluded ? " Sokolich said . "  The governor respectfully insisted , and we certainly would welcome any governor , and especially our governor ... . with open arms , as we did . "	On Wednesday , Mayor Mark Sokolich said "  traffic Armageddon " put his town in harm 's way The Fort Lee mayor said Gov. Chris Christie should n't bother saying sorry to him Now he says he accepts Christie 's apology and takes him at his word
CNN  -- Senegal claimed the 16th and final place in the Olympic men 's soccer tournament after a 2-0 win over Oman in Monday 's playoff in England . Ibrahima Balde headed the African side ahead after just 90 seconds but Senegal did not seal the win until two minutes from the end when substitute Abdoulaye Sane scored the second goal . A crowd of more than 11,500 turned out to watch the game at the Ricoh Arena , which will be known as the City of Coventry Stadium when it hosts matches during the Olympics . The draw for the tournament takes place in London on Tuesday . Senegal finished fourth in the African Under-23 Championship to qualify for the playoff , while Oman won a three-team Asian tournament . Both teams were looking to qualify for the Olympics for the first time . Senegal could have had more goals to show for their superiority in the first half , but striker Kalidou Yero wasted several chances and Oman keeper Omar Al Abri saved from Sadio Mane and Moussa Konate . Oman , coached by Frenchman Paul Le Guen , threatened more in the second half . Waleed Al Saadi had a shot deflected behind and Mohammed Al Balushi shot narrowly wide from the resulting corner . And as Oman committed more numbers to attack , Senegal settled the result on the counterattack when Sane escaped down the right and shot past Al Abri . Senegal joined fellow African sides Gabon , Morocco and Egypt in the men 's tournament which begins July 26 with the opening matches at Hampden Park , Glasgow . Brazil , Spain , Mexico and hosts Great Britain have been seeded and will be kept apart in the draw for the group stage .	Senegal score in the second minute and the 88th minute to beat Oman Both nations were trying to reach the Olympics for the first time The match took place at Coventry 's Ricoh Arena , one of the Olympic venues The draw for the London 2012 tournament will take place on Tuesday
EW.com  -- Even the First Lady ca n't get enough of ABC 's "  Scandal . " Michelle Obama confessed to binge-watching the Washington D.C.-set political soap during an interview with Ryan Seacreast released yesterday  video below  . Obama said she had n't seen the Thursday-night hit until a recent trip . "  You know what , I had n't watched it until this past vacation â $ " we went to Hawaii so I had a long flight â $ " so I watched all the seasons , " she told On Air with Ryan Seacrest . "  I caught up on Scandal , I never watched it ... I love Kerry Washington , she is amazing , so it makes the show fun , it really does , it was fun to watch . " Since ABC has 39 episodes available for streaming so far , that 's a proper binge-fest . Presumably she had plenty of healthy snacks . Obama 's husband has his own TV guilty pleasures , with the president previously citing HBO 's Boardwalk Empire and Showtime 's Homeland among his favorites . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The first lady is caught up on "  Scandal " She watched while traveling Hawaii Said she loves Kerry Washington
CHAMBLEE , Georgia  CNN  -- Janet McBride had to send someone to fetch lunch for her Saturday . The cheerful auto dealer receptionist did n't dare leave her switchboard during the waning hours of the federal government 's "  Cash for Clunkers " program . Car shoppers browse a Honda showroom Saturday morning in Marietta , Georgia . "  Our phones have been ringing off the hook , " said a giddy Pete Richards , general manager of Ed Voyles Honda in Marietta , Georgia . " ... It 's been great . Phenomenal . " McBride was compiling a list of customers for swamped salespeople to call back . "  I try to keep it under control , " McBride said . "  I think we need one of those number things -- ` Now serving Number 5 . ' " As of 11 a.m. Saturday , the Honda dealership just north of Atlanta said it had made 108 clunker deals since the Car Allowance Rebate System program began on July 1 , and Richards expected to do plenty more before closing down Sunday night . Watch what car buyers need to know " "  If I do n't do 30 of these today , I 'll be amazed , " he said . A normal Saturday would produce about 12 sales , he said . The program has generated so much traffic and new-car buzz that even non-qualifying and used car sales have jumped , Richards said . "  We 're having a ball . I have n't worked a Saturday in probably two years . But I woke up at 3 o'clock this morning . Could n't wait to get here , " he said . "  It 's like Christmas ! " McBride added before her phone rang again . It 's more like the letdown of late Christmas afternoon across town at Jim Ellis Chevrolet in Chamblee , Georgia , where General Manager Mark Frost just wants to be done with the headaches the clunkers program has caused . "  If President Obama came and sat behind a computer and saw how his program is being administered , he 's crack some heads , " Frost said . "  My impression is that he 's about excellence and execution , and there 's some dumbass -LSB- at the Department of Transportation -RSB- sitting there looking at this computer and rejecting deals that are perfectly good . " The 12 Atlanta-area dealerships under the Jim Ellis name had made 350 clunker deals worth almost $ 1.5 million in reimbursements and received payment for none , Frost said . Among those making deals was Mark Gallo , an Atlanta antiques dealer who traded in his eight-cylinder 1998 Chevy van for six-cylinder 2009 model . He received a $ 4,500 allowance for his clunker , which he guessed was $ 1,500 more than he would have gotten otherwise . The gas mileage still is n't great , "  but it 's better than it was , " Gallo said . "  And I needed a van . " He 'd been thinking about trading up for a while , but the end of the program prompted him to pull the trigger . "  I thought it was going to last a lot longer than it actually did , ... but I saw that it was ending on Monday and I said , ` Oh , damn ! Scramble ! ' " Also scrambling to make a deal Saturday was Rick Wright of Woodstock , Georgia . The ironworker has been working in Orlando , Florida . But when his wife , bus driver Cindy Wright , traded in their 1998 Chevy Tahoe for an '09 Traverse , he needed to be there in person to show his driver 's license and sign over the title . "  I 'm working out of town at the present time , so she calls me up and says , ` Hey , they 're going to cut this off at 1 o'clock . Do you want the car ? ' And I said , ` Let 's go for it , ' " said Rick Wright , who made the seven-hour drive in time to sign the deal around 10 a.m. Saturday . "  That was the only way we could get it done . " While the government says the program continues through the end of business Sunday , Frost decreed that the last deal at the Jim Ellis dealerships had to be made by noon Saturday and the paperwork submitted by 1 p.m. in anticipation of continued problems with the CARS submission process . "  It 's the paperwork that 's the biggest pain in the neck , " said Jim Ellis salesman Neil Krieger , who sold Gallo his van . Salespeople have been working long hours and making big commissions at both dealerships . "  It 's been good for me . Oh yeah , " the Wrights ' salesman , who goes by the single name Kya , said . It 's a matter of delayed gratification for the dealers , who will have to wait for the government to sort through the mountainous heap of applications , approve the deals and issue $ 3 billion in reimbursement . "  This could be devastating for dealers if they do n't get this going and do this right , " Frost said . "  A month from now , if all of our deals get paid , then Obama 's my hero , " he said . "  If , in a month from now , if we still have ... $ 200,000 that we 're not getting paid , it 's a disaster . " Frost worries too much , Honda dealer Richards said . "  We 're going to get our money , " he said . "  We 're making sure the deals are straight . If everybody 's got their documentation right , they 've got the buy of lifetime . " Despite his concerns , Frost tried to remain optimistic in the program 's final hours . After all , his dealership 's sales are up 30 percent from last year , he said . "  People are coming in , " he said not long after opening Saturday . "  I smell clunker . "	Customers rush in for final weekend of "  Cash for Clunkers " program Phone at Honda dealer in Georgia "  ringing off the hook " "  It 's like Christmas ! " dealership 's busy receptionist says Government red tape giving auto group 's general manager headaches
CNN  -- The AGA Rangemaster may be a quintessentially British cooker , but demand has slumped amid the UK 's recession . Now , the cooker that has been at the heart of British kitchens since the 1930s , is looking overseas for its profits . Britain 's troubled housing market hit sales of the sturdy oven hard , the company 's chief executive William McGrath told CNN . Sales fell and the company cut jobs . Read more : Patek Philippe boss : Quality is more important than growth "  The level of housing transaction is well under half the level it was back in 2007 and 2008 , so , really we have seen a flat-lining period , " McGrath said . "  There is a correlation between house sales and purchases for your kitchen ; indeed , you are most likely to spend money on your kitchen in the six months or so after you move house , " he said . Read more : Europe 's new threat : Slow decay In 2012 sales dipped 2.5 % , but with some rigorous cost-cutting the company has managed to post a 12 % jump in pre-tax profit . "  From the peak we have lost around 600 people , " McGrath told CNN . The move has saved the company around $ 27 million , but to sustain profits they 're looking to new markets . The company sells 37 % of all its products to North America , but it expects this number to increase to half of all its sales . It also plans to launch in the Chinese market . Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain "  In China there are very few cookers , " says McGrath . "  The cooker does n't really exist as a product category , so we 're talking about the potential for a whole new product category which will hopefully take China by storm . " Moulding the Chinese consumer into one with British tastes is an ambitious strategy . The Chinese buyer , used to steaming , boiling and frying food on a gas burner , may need some persuading to consider a giant cooker complete with roasting and baking ovens . Read more : GE Europe chief eyes investment in Germany Chinese houses could also cause issues for the company 's strategy . Chinese kitchens are often small and in high-rise buildings -- creating a squeeze for a cooker which is between 90 and 110cm wide and weighs around the same as a baby elephant . But McGrath is optimistic , demonstrating to CNN how a wok can be used to stir-fry on the rangemaster 's hot plate . "  As we found in Britain in the 1930s , there 's the evolution in the nature of the Chinese kitchen , maybe moving from a galley kitchen to something 's that is more the heart of the home , " McGrath said . Home is where the heart is , and increasingly this will be overseas for AGA Rangemaster . While it weathers the storm in Europe , it 'll try to cook up a storm in China .	Britain 's troubled housing market hit sales of the sturdy oven hard , CEO William McGrath told CNN In 2012 sales dipped 2.5 % , but with cost-cutting the company has managed a 12 % jump in pre-tax profit AGA Rangemaster looking to China -- the world 's second-largest economy -- as next growth market
CNN  -- Striker Carlos Vela has signed a new long-term contract with Arsenal , the English Premier League club have announced on their official Web site . The Mexican international signed for Arsenal after coming through the youth ranks at Guadalajara and has subsequently had loan spells at Spanish sides Celta Vigo , Salamanca and Osasuna . The 20-year-old made his Arsenal debut last season , bursting onto the scene with a Carling Cup hat-trick against Sheffield United in September 2008 . Manager Arsene Wenger told the Web site : "  We 're delighted that Carlos Vela has signed a new long-term contract with the club . Carlos is a fantastic talent and we have already seen glimpses of this during his performances . " The Frenchman continued : "  Let 's remember , he is still only 20-years-old , so there is still a huge amount to come from this boy . "  We have invested a lot of time in Carlos , as we put him in Spain for two years to get some good experience . "  Now he 's back with us , we 're working hard with him every day and he is a very exciting player . "  We 're looking forward to seeing Carlos score many goals in an Arsenal shirt for a long time to come . " Vela said : "  I 'm very happy to sign a new contract and I 'm very excited to be spending more years with Arsenal Football Club . "  I just want to work hard and help this great club win trophies . I want to stay here for a long time and it 's a great responsibility . I will keep working hard to show the boss and all the fans why I 'm here . " Vela played against Olympiacos in the Champions League on Wednesday but he was one of the biggest culprits as Arsenal squandered a number of chances . He is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to Arsenal since the end of last season . Vela , Eduardo , Sanchez Watt , Alex Song , Nicklas Bendtner , Denilson , Robin van Persie , Theo Walcott , Lukasz Fabianski , Aaron Ramsey and Jack Wilshere have all recently signed new long-term extensions with the club .	Mexican striker Carlos Vela has signed a new long-term contract with Arsenal The 20-year-old made his Arsenal debut last season , bursting onto the scene with a Carling Cup hat-trick He is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to Arsenal since the end of last season .
CNN  -- A man who for 20 years has lived near one of six men accused of sexually abusing young relatives said he finds the allegations "  absolutely unbelievable . " Bob Ramsey , a retired Graceland University chemistry professor and David Mohler 's neighbor in Lamoni , Iowa , said he knows most of the Mohler family . Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , 77 , and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr. , 53 ; David A. Mohler , 52 ; Jared Leroy Mohler , 48 ; and Roland Neil Mohler , 47 , were arrested Tuesday on suspicion of sexually abusing children . A sixth family member , Darrel Wayne Mohler , 72 , was arrested Friday as he pulled into the driveway of his Silver Springs , Florida home . Darrel Mohler , the younger brother of Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , is being held in jail in Marion County , Florida , charged with two counts of rape in a Missouri arrest warrant . The six alleged victims -- all now adults -- came to law enforcement authorities with stories of sexual performances , mock weddings , rape with various objects and a forced abortion during their childhoods , according to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KSHB in Kansas City , Missouri . None of the accused in the case has entered a plea and it 's unclear whether they have legal counsel . "  David was one of the kindest people I know in this town , " Ramsey said . "  I find it absolutely unbelievable . That 's my honest opinion . " Ramsey said he and Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , 77 , attended college together 50 years ago . Ramsey said he spent a lot of time with the family because his wife had taught piano to two family members . "  They were in and out of our home quite a bit , and there was absolutely never any indication of abuse , " he said . The employer of one of the suspects said , "  Everybody is still in shock ... disbelief , " as news of the arrests spread through communities where several of the suspects live in western Missouri . "  He was a good medic , " Corbin Allred said of Roland Mohler , who has been employed at Saline County Ambulance District No. 3 since 2006 . Mohler has been suspended , Allred said , and further action may be taken at the next board meeting . Allred described Roland Mohler as outgoing and said , "  He blends in with everybody else . " Roland Mohler was on duty when Missouri State Highway Patrol officers arrested him , Allred said . Paramedic Sharon Roscher was also shocked about allegations that one of their own could be involved in something so horrific . "  You eat , you sleep , you do everything with people for 48 hours , " she said . "  Oh my gosh , it 's just a shock . " Roland Mohler 's father , Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , also worked for a time in emergency services as a firefighter in Independence , Missouri , the fire department confirmed . A spokesman would not comment further . Burrell Mohler Sr. , David Mohler and Jared Mohler are lay ministers in the Community of Christ , the organization said . "  Leaders and members of the Community of Christ in the greater Kansas City area are prayerfully upholding those families that are touched by the recent arrests of five members of the Mohler family , " the statement said . Lay ministers are volunteers who do not receive compensation , and none of the three served in leadership roles or worked with children , according to the organization , which is based in Independence , Missouri . "  We have a very strict code of ethics when it comes to the safety of our youth , " said the organization 's spokeswoman , Linda Booth . Burrell Mohler Sr. did go through the group 's registered youth worker program , but "  his youth worker registration has been terminated and we understand he had no contact with children or youth in church programs , " the church said . Some lay ministers might help take care of the church , Booth said , while others might speak at services . "  Immediately , I went to the rolls and had their priesthoods suspended because that 's what we do in the Community of Christ when there 's any word of something like this . We suspend their priesthoods , " Booth said , referring to a church designation for male members . "  If this goes to trial and they are convicted , then they will be what we call silenced , and they can no longer represent the church in any way , " Booth said . The Community of Christ is an offshoot of the modern-day Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It split off from the Mormon church in the 1800s , and in 2000 changed its name to Community of Christ from the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . "  I personally feel grief for these families , all the families that are involved in this , " Booth said . "  I feel concern for the congregations . " She said she is also "  concerned about the greater church , the Community of Christ who represents nations and communities based in love and peace and joy . " CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Six men have been charged on sexual abuse allegations dating back to mid-1980s Neighbor of suspect David Mohler calls the allegations "  absolutely unbelievable " The sixth family member was arrested Friday at his Florida home Three of the men are lay ministers with the Community of Christ organization
Some 1,348 people have been executed by the state since 1976 , when the Supreme Court allowed capital punishment to resume after a four-year moratorium . Twenty-eight were given lethal injection this year , three over the past several days . While the annual number of executions and death sentences continue to drop nationwide , it remains a legally and socially acceptable form of justice for aggravated murder in 32 states . But a new book reveals how the high court four decades ago was on the verge of eliminating the death penalty permanently . Evan Mandery 's "  A Wild Justice : The Death and Resurrection of Capital Punishment in America "  Norton  is a stunning insider 's look at the legal and social forces dividing the justices during turbulent times . For two centuries death by hanging , firing squad , gas chamber , electrocution , and toxic chemicals  among nearly a dozen methods  was completely ingrained in the American political fabric . But Mandery chronicles one justice 's quiet , improbable crusade to change the legal landscape beginning in the early 1960s , in the process conflicting the court like few issues before or since . Money and politics court 's first big case this term His narrative crests with Furman v. Georgia  1972  , when the court struck down that state 's capital laws , and effectively putting executions on hold . The 5-4 decision produced nine separate opinions , and no controlling precedent . It was a collection of 60,000 words  the longest in the court 's history  that gave only temporary optimism to death penalty opponents . Church and state , executive power on Supreme Court docket States then made changes to their laws , and the court four years later  on the eve of the nation 's Bicentennial  , reversed itself in stunning fashion . CNN spoke recently to Mandery , a former capital defense lawyer , and now a professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice . CNN : Your story begins with Justice Arthur Goldberg , who wanted the Supreme Court to test whether capital punishment itself was fundamentally unconstitutional . Mandery : "  It just shows how utterly remarkable what Goldberg did . He said : I want to revisit this issue . In 1963 , it was so widely accepted that the death penalty was unconstitutional that the defendants in other cases did n't challenge its constitutionality . He made the argument on their behalf . There are no Goldbergs anymore . It 's hard to imagine a justice today saying ' I want to raise this up to national agenda . ' The court is so often in the business of following change rather than leading it . " CNN : One of the key characters in your book is the prominent criminal appellate attorney and legal scholar Alan Dershowitz . He was Goldberg 's law clerk at the time and helped formulate the legal reasoning . Mandery : "  I hope people understand what an extraordinary , revolutionary , and subversive idea that Goldberg and his partner Dershowitz advanced in 1963 . Whatever your views on the death penalty and the Supreme Court , everyone acknowledges as a subject of discussion that the Constitution is an evolving document and that the death penalty is constitutionally problematic , if not unconstitutional . In 1963 , when they started , nobody did . It was revolutionary . " CNN : What was the political fallout from Goldberg 's prodding ? Mandery : "  After Goldberg publishes his dissent  on the court 's initial refusal to hear a death penalty constitutional appeal  , the legal people at the NAACP sensed something was afoot , and they begin constructing a campaign to try to bring executions in the U.S. to a halt . The NAACP legal defense team , for a 10-year period , got courts to stop executions , not by winning a broad decision at the federal level , but buy winning dozens of local cases , raising legal arguments in individual cases . It 's an astonishing accomplishment , whatever your views of capital punishment . " CNN : So by 1972 , the Supreme Court was ready to fully tackle the constitutional questions . It ultimately struck down capital punishment -- effectively voiding laws in 40 states -- but why were the justices unable to agree on the reasoning ? Mandery : "  There is one particular quirk about this history that acted as a barrier to a consensus view coalescing . At the beginning of the 1971 term when Furman was decided ,  Chief Justice  Warren Burger said he wanted the case to be conducted in complete secrecy . And he wanted each justice to write his own opinion . And consequently the justices operated in almost complete isolation throughout the term , which had some very bizarre results . It was one of the contributing factors to the splintering of this 5-4 decision with nine opinions . "  It 's almost impossible to discuss the case because there is no majority opinion .  Liberal Justices  Brennan , Marshall , and Douglas wrote opinions that really seemed to be against the death penalty in all cases . Douglas ' decision was premised basically on the issue of racism , Brennan 's on human dignity , Marshall on a host of consideration including inequality .  Justice 's  Stewart and White 's opinions are the most closely aligned . Stewart said the problem with the death penalty is its randomness among murderers , White says the problem with the death penalty is that it is n't applied frequently enough to achieve deterrence . Even the four dissenters could n't agree . " Test your knowledge of the Supreme Court CNN : You write Potter Stewart  appointed by President Dwight Eisenhower  and Byron White  appointed by President John Kennedy  were the key players here . Mandery : "  There 's a lot of evidence that Stewart made a deal with White because he emerged  in June 1972  with a changed position on capital punishment . Where he had previously been against it in all cases , White was now taking the position that his problem with the death penalty was its application . He told his clerks at the beginning of the term that he wanted to write a "  short snapper " saying that the death penalty treated people as a means to an end , and was therefore unconstitutional . And there are hints in some of Stewart 's earlier opinions that he was , in fact , morally opposed to capital punishment . But that is not the position that he ultimately articulated in his concurrence in Furman . " CNN : But by 1976 , that all unraveled . What happened ? Mandery : "  Grand political theories of judicial behavior do n't explain very much . These are socially situated actors who have different views at different times and are responding to their perceptions of their own constituencies . They 're not elected but they feel that they are answering to people . It 's a very messy history . " CNN : Is there something about the death penalty itself that makes the court 's jurisprudence so problematic -- the finality , the questions of life and death . Mandery : "  There is something different about the death penalty . It 's not surprising during this four-year interim period that each of these justices -- with the exception of  conservative William  Rehnquist , who does n't seem troubled at all by this -- each has their antenna up . It 's not like a tax case . But I do n't think it 's categorically different than Roe  abortion rights  or the civil rights cases . I just think we do n't know all the behind-the-scenes stories because these are very hard to write . But I got incredibly lucky . I had a moment in history when the archives were available to me , as were many of the key players that I interviewed . All agreed there was definitely at the time tremendous frustration with how Chief Justice Burger was managing the cases . His colleagues had little respect for him . "  So by 1976 , 37 states had passed new death penalty laws and they tried to remove arbitrariness in its application -- based on what the court has mandated -- or at least made a good faith effort to attempt to do this . One of the great stories in my book is that Powell , Stewart , and  Justice John Paul  Stevens met at a local restaurant called the Monocle , and there agreed that the mandatory death penalty for murder was reprehensible , but that they would also uphold the ` guided discretions ' statutes  through the use of what are called ` aggravating ' or ` mitigating ' factors either favoring or blocking its use  . That was their Solomonic compromise . The 1976 compromise was that similar capital cases should be treated alike . But also that no mandatory death penalty for certain crimes means individual cases must be treated individually . It 's a fundamental contradiction that has made death penalty law in the U.S. for the past 40 years at a minimum confusing and problematic , at a maximum completely inconsistent and incomprehensible . " CNN : Is the current court ready to tackle the issue again ? Mandery : "  It certainly seems that it merits another day in court after 40 years . There are a lot of reasons to think that  moderate-conservative  Justice Anthony Kennedy 's vote is up for grabs and his mind is open on this question . So I do n't think the outcome of a case would be predetermined one way or another . " CNN : What has the court said on mandatory DNA testing and re-testing for all capital inmates ? Mandery : "  Imagine what a difference it would make if the Supreme Court said that states were required to have DNA exoneration projects as part of their death penalty systems . In other words , if they guaranteed somebody that type of post-conviction appeal . They 've removed themselves utterly from the process of trying to make the system better . Everybody agrees that the conviction and execution of an innocent person is morally intolerable and yet the Supreme Court has n't gotten involved in the business of what 's required , how much due process is required , how much extra due process is required , to protect against the execution of an innocent . "	Supreme Court struck down capital punishment in 1972 , but executions resumed four years later Evan Mandery gives insider 's look at legal and social forces dividing the court in turbulent times Court operated in almost complete isolation , which produced some bizarre results Justices are actors with "  different views at different times " and are part of "  messy history , " Mandery says
CNN  In his first interview since Islamic State militants burned alive a Jordanian pilot , the King of Jordan spoke to CNN 's Fareed Zakaria about why and how the country is going after the terror group . Last December , ISIS captured Royal Jordanian Air Force pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh after his plane went down during airstrikes that were part of the United States-led coalition to defeat the group . For more than a month , al-Kasasbeh 's family , hailing from a high-ranking tribe considered especially loyal to Jordan 's royal family , implored ISIS to let him go . Hope that he could be spared ended in early February when a video emerged showing the 29-year-old pilot in a cage , being burned alive . King Abdullah II , an instrumental supporter of the global coalition , then said Jordan would be relentless in retaliating against ISIS . The country unleashed airstrikes . To Zakaria , Abdullah reiterated his commitment to stop ISIS . He called its fighters "  outlaws " who twist Islam and use "  intimidation " as their biggest weapon . The King told Zakaria that he did n't watch the video of the pilot 's slaying . "  I -- many of us refused to see what I think is propaganda , " Abdullah said . He felt "  disgust , sadness for the family " and his "  heart went out to the father , the mother , the brothers , the sisters , " the King continued . "  His wife , they 'd only been married for five months .  I felt  anger as the son of the Arab army , Jordanian armed forces . God bless his soul . He 's a brother in arms . "  All soldiers past and present were disgusted by the brutality of what Moath was put through , " Abdullah said . During his interview with Zakaria , the King repeatedly referred to ISIS , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , as Daesh . That 's an acronym for al-Dawla al-Islamiya al-Iraq al-Sham . Many in the Middle East prefer to use Daesh because , to them , the acronym ISIS suggests the terror group is a legitimate state . They refuse to give the militants that much credit . "  I think if ISIS , or Daesh as we call them , try to intimidate Jordanians ... just  has  the reverse effect , " Abdullah said . "  If you look at our history , we 're a country that 's used to being outgunned and outnumbered . We 've always punched way above our weight . I think , if anything , Daesh has us as a tiger by the tail . " The pilot 's killing "  just motivated Jordanians to rally around the flag , " he said . "  The gloves have come off . " ISIS is "  always trying to intimidate , scare , put fear in people 's hearts , " the King told Zakaria . "  They are trying to invent falsely a linkage to a caliphate , link to our history in Islam that has no truth or bearing to our history . " ISIS is recruiting "  deluded young men and women " who "  think this is an Islamic nation . " U.S. President Barack Obama has caught flak for saying he did n't want to refer to ISIS members as Islamic extremists because their actions are not Islamic . "  I think he is right , " Abdullah said . "  This is something that has to be understood on a much larger platform .  ISIS  is looking for legitimacy  that  they have inside of Islam . " "  I 'm a Muslim , " the King said . "  These people  ISIS members  ... are on the fringe of Islam . " "  The barbarity with the way they executed our brave hero  the pilot  , I think , shocked the Muslim world , especially Jordanians and people from this region , " Abdullah said . In the wake of the pilot 's death , a Jordanian government spokesman vowed an "  earthshaking retaliation . " Zakaria asked Abdullah if Jordan 's action has lived up to that fiery rhetoric . "  Earth-shattering from all military capabilities is not something that happens overnight , " he answered , saying that airstrikes have continued . "  There are continued operations going on in Syria . We are coordinating with our friends in Iraq . " He said there is a "  long-term approach " to fighting ISIS but did n't give any more details . The war against ISIS is as much Jordan 's war as that of any other country in the coalition , he said . "  It is our war . It has been for a long time , " he said . "  These are outlaws , in a way , of Islam , the minute they set up this irresponsible caliphate to try to expand their dominion over Muslims . " ISIS can not argue that Jordan and other Muslim nations should not attack them because they 're fellow Muslims , he said . The militants "  try to make themselves look as victims , " he said . "  What about the hundreds if not thousands of Muslims they have killed in Syria and Iraq over the past year and a half ? " Jordan has a "  responsibility to reach out to eastern Syria " and to western Iraq where people have been "  executed in large numbers " by ISIS , Abdullah insisted . "  So this is our war , " he said . "  We have a moral responsibility to reach out to those Muslims to protect them and stop  ISIS  before they reach our border . " Zakaria asked Abdullah what he thinks about the perception some have that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is interested in combating ISIS , meaning al-Assad and Abdullah have common enemies . ISIS has gained strength by exploiting the unrest in Syria during its ongoing civil war . That war is the result of unrest in Syria that originally started in 2011 within the context of the Arab Spring , protests for democracy or changes in government that raged in parts of the Middle East and North Africa in 2010 and 2011 . Syrian protesters , in 2011 , wanted to bring change to the government which they said stifled expression in the harshest ways . The al-Assad regime violently cracked down on the demonstrators , chaos erupted throughout Syria , and eventually many on the international stage came to believe al-Assad should go . The King told Zakaria that the "  history of dealing with " the al-Assad regime and the "  history of dealing with " ISIS are two separate things . "  What has taken prominence at the moment is ISIS , Daesh , " he said . Abdullah rhetorically asked whether both issues can be dealt with at the same time . "  This has to be decided by the international community , " he said . "  We believe there has to be a political solution " in Syria , and that has "  not been clarified at the moment . "	The King of Jordan gives his first interview since the slaying of a Jordanian pilot Abdullah : The pilot 's death has "  motivated " Jordanians and "  the gloves have come off " in fight against ISIS
CNN  -- Chainsaws wailed Thursday in Granbury , Texas , as some residents began to clear fallen trees and whittle down the mounds of household goods strewn across the landscape , a testament to the ferocity of the previous night 's tornadoes . But other residents , those from the hardest-hit neighborhoods , had to wait , hoping to hear when they could go back to their damaged and leveled homes to see what remains . Ronna Cotten said she has been told she ca n't re-enter her subdivision to "  check to see if we have any belongings left " for at least two days , maybe as many as seven . Power is expected to be down for the next three weeks , Cotten said she was told . Cotten stayed in the home of a woman who picked her up from the rescue center Wednesday night and worked the phones Thursday trying to find hotel rooms for her family . She still considers herself fortunate . "  I feel very lucky because we are alive " said the mother of four , who clutched a doorknob to keep the closet door shut as winds tore through her home . Rescue crews searched for seven people missing after the tornadoes struck this town in North Texas , killing at least six . A witness described getting an uncomfortably close view of the storm . "  One second you could see the whole roof collapse , and you could see the twister just there , basically , " the man told CNN affiliate KTVT . "  It was horrible . " He and his family of five had crowded into the bathroom for shelter when the storm hit , he said . "  We were just watching the hail go by and then it just happened in the blink of an eye , " a woman said . Nearby , a water heater was on its side ; an upside-down car , its windows shattered and its silver skin crumpled , lay helpless in the dirt . A wheelchair lay in pieces a few feet away . Video shot from a helicopter showed rafters still intact , but the roofs they supported were gone . Hood County Sheriff Roger Deeds identified those killed as Jose Tovar Alvarez , 34 ; Marjari Davis , thought to be 82 ; Tommy Martin , 61 ; Leo Stefanski , 83 ; and Robert and Glenda Whitehead . Deeds said search and rescue operations to find survivors "  are pretty much winding down . " "  We 're going to keep on looking , " Deeds added . "  We 're not going to give up until every piece of debris is turned over . " Rescuers had walked through the hardest-hit subdivision in Granbury "  over and over and over again , " Deeds said earlier in the day . "  I 'm confident we have n't left anybody behind , but we 're still checking . " Granbury is 30 miles southwest of Fort Worth . The deaths occurred in a neighborhood of about 110 homes , many of which were built by Habitat for Humanity . Most of the homes in the Rancho Brazos subdivision were destroyed or damaged , the sheriff said . That is where the missing live , too , he said . Mayor Pro Tem Nin Hulett told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that there were indications those people may be on vacation or in other areas , but officials were working to confirm that . People whose lives had been hit by the twisters were asking to get back to their homes , but the sheriff said he was n't convinced it was safe for civilians to be in the area yet . Three people were taken to an area hospital , and 13 others were taken to hospitals in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , he said . Some of the patients had to have amputations , Dr. Kerri Sistrunk , head of the trauma unit at Lake Granbury Medical Center . Others suffered head injuries and open fractures , as well as minor abrasions , she said . At least 13 tornadoes touched down in the area , the National Weather Service said . A survey team said it found damage indicating an EF4 tornado had struck . That is the second-most severe classification on a scale of zero to five , Several of the tornadoes struck Cleburne , about 30 miles east of Granbury . "  I was actually standing outside on my front porch and watched  a  tornado come across , " Robert Barnett told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  I 've seen tornadoes before -- I 've chased them -- but I 've never seen one like this . It freaked me out . " Another resident said he thought the storm had passed but was wrong . "  I went back outside and saw stuff flying by and said ` It 's here ! Let 's go ! ' " Darrin Vasquez told the station . He lost part of the roof on his home and when rain flooded in , a ceiling collapsed . WFAA said at least 12 homes lost their entire roofs . How to help In nearby Ellis County , a suspected tornado knocked out power in the city of Ennis about midnight , said Steve Howerton , city manager . "  Several buildings in the downtown historic district have been seriously damaged , " he said . "  There are a lot of traumatic injuries , " said Donna Martin , a worker at a local veterans ' organization . "  My husband told me that a car was lifted in the air . It just came in and hit so fast . " B.B. French , who lives on a canal three miles from where the worst of the damage occurred , said she was lucky . "  We had extreme winds , " the 71-year-old resident said in a telephone interview . "  And then the sirens went off and then I got inside . " As lightning flashed and rain poured , she watched from inside her home as two mallards lay on the pavement . "  They just laid down on the sidewalk until the hail came , and then they were smart enough to waddle over and get underneath the roof " of her boat deck . After the storm passed , French went outside to find that her neighbor on one side had lost a few shingles from his roof ; on the other side , a neighbor had lost a couple of shutters ; but her house was unscathed . "  It really is just luck , " she said . Mobile tools to help you survive tornado season CNN 's Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Resident says she 's been told power will be out three weeks National Weather Service says at least 13 tornadoes touched down Doctor says some victims had to have amputations Roof collapsed , "  and you could see the twister just there , basically , " witness says
CNN  -- Rebecca and Roni Kopelman have been celebrating Christmas and Hanukkah since they got together in 2006 , building the foundations of an interfaith household . Some of the Ohio couple 's holiday traditions are blended , like their Christmas tree decked out in menorah ornaments and blue and white lights ; others adhere more closely to the standard formula . During Hanukkah , her husband prepares a latke feast , they light the menorah each night and exchange small gifts . For Christmas , they hang stockings , bake cookies , go to church on Christmas Eve and open presents the next morning . "  To some people , this might seem challenging and strange , but to us , it 's a wonderful way of celebrating and respecting each other 's history and tradition without taking anything away from our own , " Kopelman said in a CNN iReport . "  I love sharing my husband 's memories and passed-down family traditions at Hanukkah , and he happily decorates -- and eats ! -- Christmas cookies and shares memories with me as we hang ornaments on the tree . " Some families keep strict religious and family traditions around holidays , but more families are blending religious and cultural traditions . Outside of the holidays , the Kopelmans do n't consider themselves extremely religious "  in the textbook way , " she said . She was raised Methodist and he was raised Jewish and both went through the traditional rites of their religion . But when they went away to college , they became less fastidious in their religion pursuits , and remain so today . "  Our family history and backgrounds are important to us both , so our religions have become more like a culture or tradition we like to honor , " she said . "  We were both raised to be good people who value love and acceptance , and this is the shared part of our religions that we tend to focus on at home . " Families across the country have long celebrated more than one holiday in December , but only recently did those traditions gain the name "  Chrismukkah . " Jill Erickson and her partner have embraced the label ever since it was first coined on the television show , "  The OC , " in the mid-2000s . To Erickson , who is Episcopalian , and her Jewish partner , Chrismukkah represents their efforts to incorporate their respective traditions into the holiday season . "  We try to have a good sense of humor about the whole blending thing , " said Erickson , 56 . Erickson shared images on CNN iReport that show mixed holiday decorations in their Falmouth , Massachusetts , home , from a menorah and advent calendar to stockings bearing the phrase "  shalom " and plates decorated with dreidels on a red plaid table cloth . "  I grew up loving Christmas . My partner does his best to go along with all my enthusiasms . He has grown to love Swedish meatballs , which I make for Christmas . The one thing he wo n't do is help decorate the tree , but he has become very adept at putting Christmas lights outside ! " But mixed families do n't necessarily need to embrace the label to create the foundations of their interfaith households . Cassie Pham , of Los Angeles , California , and her boyfriend of two years moved in together recently , making this the first year they merge holiday traditions . She 's a Vietnamese-American who celebrates Christmas and he 's Jewish . Like the Kopelmans , they have a Christmas tree with dreidel ornaments and a menorah , which they light each night . Pham learned to cook matzo ball soup . "  For me , Chrismukkah represents our relationship at its best , " Pham said in a CNN iReport . "  We blend our two cultures and lives together not just during this time , but through the year and different events in our families . I like that we are both open mind and are respectful of each others ' cultures . " This year is especially meaningful for the Kopelmans as they celebrate their first holiday season with their son , who was born December 28 , 2011 . "  With this as his first ` Chrismukkah season ' -- not a blended holiday , but rather just the season when both are celebrated at our house -- we could n't be more excited to introduce him to the fun , the food , and the spirit of each holiday . "	Interfaith households blend religious and cultural traditions of Christmas and Hanukkah Trees decorated with menorah and dreidel ornaments a common feature in Chrismukkah homes ' "  Chrismukkah represents our relationship at its best , " says Christian woman living with Jewish boyfriend
CNN  -- Gilles Simon secured his second title of the 2011 season by defeating Nicolas Almagro to lift the German Tennis Championships in Hamburg . The Frenchman beat his Spanish opponent 6-4 4-6 6-4 in two hours and 38 minutes to claim his ninth career triumph . Simon 's victory was his first on clay since the BRD Nastase Tiriac Trophy in 2008 and will see him move up to 11 in the world rankings . Under the roof at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center , Simon , the number five seed , needed just one break of serve to take the opening set , after his opponent had squandered eight break points . Almagro edged the second set but an early break in the decider set Simon on course for his first title since winning the Medibank International in Australia back in January . "  I feel very , very good . I had to win so many tough matches this week , " Simon told the ATP World Tour 's official web site . "  Today , the final was really hard to win . I had to play my best tennis to win and I 'm proud to win this tournament . " "  It was a high intensity final . I think Nicolas played very good tennis , very consistent , " said Simon . "  I knew before he could hit very hard , but also , he did n't miss anything , so I really had to fight hard on every point . We played almost three hours and it was a really , really hard match . " "  I think the first game of the third set , I did n't play my best tennis . That game , I made three mistakes in the important moments , " admitted Almagro . "  He played really well . I had many break points and did n't do anything on many of them . Congratulations to him as he played really good all week . "	Gilles Simon beats Nicolas Almagro to win the German Tennis Championships Frenchman beats his Spanish opponent 6-4 4-6 6-4 in Hamburg Simon 's win will take him to number 11 in the world rankings
CNN  -- Stakes have been raised in the museum world with the reopening after 10 years of Amsterdam 's Rijksmuseum . Enough old masters were dusted down and rehung during the renovation to get a room of Russian oligarchs panting . The chance to see Rembrandt 's huge and glorious "  The Night Watch " painting once more -- it has a whole room to itself in the refurbished gallery -- is reason enough to plan some serious museum crawling on your next European trip . But do you always want to follow the crowd to the obvious treasures ? Your Mona Lisas , your Van Goghs ? Sometimes those artistic icons are obligatory sights but experts reveal that -- from a two-million-year-old stone tool to a life-size Roman equestrian statue made entirely of bronze -- some of the most remarkable museum and gallery highlights take a little digging . What : The Olduvai stone chopping tool . Where : The British Museum , London  Great Russell Street , +44  0  20 7323 8299  . Jeremy Hill , research manager at the British Museum , says one piece he always takes people to is a two-million-year-old stone tool from the Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania . "  The lump of grey rock does not look much but it is one of the oldest humanly made objects in the world and the oldest thing in the British Museum 's collection , " he says . "  It 's the starting point for who we all are today . " What : Rembrandt 's "  The Night Watch . " Where : The Rijksmuseum , Amsterdam  Museumstraat 1 ; +31 20 6621 440  . When the Rijksmuseum reopened this year after a decade-long refurbishment there was no question about the key exhibit . Wim Pijbes , the museum 's director , told CNN that Rembrandt 's "  The Night Watch " "  is the altarpiece of the Rijksmuseum . The whole place is arranged around this beautiful masterpiece . " The 1642 painting of Amsterdam 's local militias is the only artwork in the museum with a trapdoor underneath , allowing it to be removed to safety in the event of fire or other danger . What : The Marcus Aurelius statue . Where : The Capitoline Museum , Rome  Piazza del Campidoglio 1 , +39 060 608  . Rome 's greatest treasures tend to be outdoors -- it 's a giant open-air museum . But Agnes Crawford , art historian and owner of Understanding Rome tours , reckons the equestrian statue of Marcus Aurelius alone is worth the entrance fee to the Capitoline Museum . "  The giant , totally intact bronze is the most Roman of statues , " she says . "  It 's from the high period of empire so it 's of the finest quality , and it 's a heroic survivor of medieval ` recycling . ' " What : Filippo Lippi 's Madonna and Child and the Two Angels . Where : The Uffizi Gallery , Florence  Piazzale degli Uffizi 6 ; +39 55 238 8651  . The sheer size and grace of Michelangelo 's "  David " in the Galleria dell ` Accademia makes it the most famous single piece in Florence . But Pier Carlo Testa , director of the Italian cultural walking tours company Artviva highlights Filippo Lippi 's "  Madonna and Child and the Two Angels . " "  It 's all in the way the artist has managed to depict the Madonna as modeled by his wife -- with every tenderly detailed feature , ever strand of hair , you can see he is in love with her , " Testa says . What : The Pergamon Altar . Where : The Pergamon Museum , Berlin  Bodestrasse 3 ; +49 30 2 6642 4242  . Few pieces are great enough to have an entire museum named after them . The Pergamon Museum in Berlin is n't exactly short of massive ancient monuments either -- but the Pergamon Altar trumps the rest . Transported from modern day Turkey , this monumental stone altar dating back to the 2nd century BC cows visitors with its size , then draws them in with astonishingly detailed friezes depicting the battles between gods and giants . What : Théodore Géricault 's "  The Raft of the Medusa . " Where : The Louvre , Paris  4 Place du Louvre ; +33 01 40 20 53 17  . Courtney Obee Delaunay , art historian and docent for Context Travel , goes beyond the "  Mona Lisa " to pick Géricault 's monumental marriage of high art and journalistic sensationalism . "  The dramatic scene vividly depicts the makeshift raft holding the emaciated and even corpse-like survivors of French shipwreck The Medusa , abandoned by its politically appointed captain , " she says . "  Géricault represents the figures in a very realistic , yet also heroically classical way . It creates the perfect bridge between earlier masterworks found in the Louvre and the early modern works on display at the Musée d'Orsay . " What : "  The Saliera . " Where : Kunsthistorisches Museum , Vienna  Burgring 5 ; +43 1 525 240  . The Kunsthistorisches Museum is home to masterpieces by the likes of Vermeer , Rembrandt , Raphael and Caravaggio but Sabine Haag , the museum 's director-general , points to Benvenuto 's "  Saliera " as the must-see . "  A unique work of goldsmith art , the complex pictorial program culminates in an allegory of the cosmos with the god of the sea and the goddess of the Earth , animals , the four winds and the four times of the day , " says Haag of the piece returned to the museum this year after another decade-long renovation . " ` The Saliera ' is a truly virtuoso piece -- we know from Cellini 's autobiography that he hammered the figures from gold foil with every refinement he could imagine . " What : Picasso 's "  Guernica . " Where : Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , Madrid  Calle de Santa Isabel , 52 ; +34 917 74 10 00  . Four of the 15 most expensive paintings ever sold are by Picasso , yet the work widely regarded as his greatest masterpiece would almost certainly smash all records if put up for auction . Guernica 's size -- 3.5 meters by 7.8 meters -- makes it unusual , but it 's the political commentary about Nazi bombing during the Spanish Civil War and the layers of symbolism piled within that make it arguably the most famous artwork of the 20th century . What : The Parthenon sculptures . Where : The Acropolis Museum , Athens  15 Dionysiou Areopagitou Street , +30 21 0900 0900 There 's no greater symbol of Ancient Greek classicism than the Parthenon , and most of the treasures from Athens 's hilltop temple are inside the Acropolis Museum . Dr Tom Flynn , author of "  The Universal Museum , " says the Parthenon sculptures are the pinnacle of Greek high classical sculpture . "  Their location in the Parthenon Gallery of the New Acropolis Museums allows us to appreciate them in the context of the Parthenon itself . You can faithfully recreate their original disposition on the temple , which is visible from the gallery , " he says . What : Mantegna 's "  Dead Christ . " Where : Pinacoteca di Brera , Milan  Via Brera 28 ; 00 39 02 722 631  . "  Leonardo da Vinci 's ` Last Supper ' is Milan 's outstanding artwork , but it 's on a convent wall , not in a museum , " says Donald Strachan , co-author of Frommer 's Italy . His favored alternative is Mantegna 's "  Dead Christ , " which was regarded as genuinely shocking when painted in the 1480s . "  It is brutal in its simplicity , unsentimental in its treatment of Jesus 's pallid corpse on a slab and a masterclass in realistic foreshortening , which was a relatively recent innovation in art , " Strachan says .	Competition in museum world heats up with reopening of Dutch treasure house Greatest treasures not always where crowds are British Museum cites its oldest object -- a chopping tool In Florence , a Madonna portrait modeled on artist 's beloved wife is alternative must-see
CNN  -- It 's been a World Cup notable for late drama in most of the matches and a high number of goals scored , particularly in the preliminary stages . New heroes like James Rodriguez of Colombia have also emerged , while modern technology has been introduced for the first time to decide if the ball has crossed the goal line . But for some , the real star of Brazil 2014 comes in a small spray can , a "  magic foam " which allows referees to make sure players retreat the requisite 10 yards  9.15 meters  when a free kick is awarded against them . Referees have been brandishing the spray with flourish , pacing out the distance then marking it with a line of the spray , over which they can see if a player has edged too close to the taker of the free kick . It has also been used to mark the exact location of a free kick , stopping players from gaining an advantage by edging forwards nearer the goal . Due to its properties of butane , isobutane , propane gas , water and other chemicals , the line on the pitch made by the spray quickly disappears . It is also environmentally friendly as it is biodegradable and does n't damage the pitch of the atmosphere . "  It is very good , " FIFA president Sepp Blatter said of the spray 's impact . "  It disciplines the players . "  It gives the attacking teams the chance to take the free kick from the real distance , not from where the wall is always moving . "  Some players have said now we have nine meters but in our leagues we have six or seven meters . " The brainchild of a former amateur player from Brazil , with a German-sounding name , Heine Allemagne , it was used as first used as far back as 2000 in a junior football tournament in the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte . The spray was then known as "  Spuni , " but after Allemagne joined forces in 2006 with an Argentine , journalist Pablo Silva , to refine the product , it has been renamed "  9.15 Fair Play . " The big breakthrough for the spray came in 2012 , when the IFAB  the law-making body of the game  authorized the product for international use . FIFA tested the spray in 2013 at its Under-17 and Under-20 World Cups and gave the go-ahead for this year 's senior showpiece soon after . "  It is literally a dream come true to see 9.15 Fair Play being used at this World Cup and seen by billions of people across the globe , " said Allemagne . Judging by its success , with statistics pointing to more goals coming from free kicks and less time needed to take them , the little spray cans are set to be a permanent addition to the back pockets of referees for many years to come .	Special spray to mark out distances at free kicks being used in World Cup FIFA gave go-ahead after successful tests in junior tournaments The spray quickly disappears after being used by referee 9.15 Fair Play was developed by a former Brazilian amateur player
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  Before prosecutors wrapped up their case against him , Eddie Ray Routh 's words were in the spotlight Tuesday . A chilling video shown in court showed police placing Routh into a squad car moments after authorities chased him down a Texas highway . Earlier that day in February 2013 , authorities say he gunned down two men who were trying to help him at a firing range : Chris Kyle , subject of the hit film "  American Sniper , " and Kyle 's friend , Chad Littlefield . In the video , Routh is breathing heavily and teary-eyed . An officer asks if he 's OK . Routh replies : "  I 'm just so nervous about what 's been happening in my life today . I do n't know what 's been happening . I 've been so paranoid schizophrenic all day . I do n't know what to even think of the world right now . I do n't know if I 'm insane or sane . " At times , Routh appears agitated in the video . He squirms around the back seat . Other times he rests his head with his eyes closed . The small arsenal of weapons Kyle brought to the range that day was shown to the jury , which included five long rifles and several handguns , including one of Kyle 's rifles labeled "  American Sniper . " According to defense attorneys , Routh , in his psychotic state , thought he was walking into a showdown on the range Another piece of evidence prosecutors presented Tuesday : a recording of a conversation Routh had while behind bars . From inside the jail where Routh has spent the last two years , he spoke with a writer from the New Yorker Magazine three months after the shootings Routh can be heard saying he was annoyed at Kyle and Littlefield . "  So we 're shooting pistols here huh ? Hmmm , OK , Again , that 's pretty much saying duel motherf ***** . " Later in the interview , he 's asked what sparked the killings . Routh blames Chad LIttlefield for not shooting with him . "  I was like what the f *** are you even doing here man ? This is n't a spectator sport , it 's a shooting sport , you shoot . And that 's what got me all , you know , wired up . " He also said : "  I took care of business and then I got in the truck and left . " Routh 's lawyer admits his client killed Kyle and Littlefield , but contends he was insane at the time . Prosecutors have described Routh as a troubled young man , but they argue he was n't insane ; they say these are the actions of a cold-blooded killer . Taking the stand for the defense , mother Jodi Routh painted a different picture , describing her son 's history of mental health problems . After his time serving in the military , she said , "  he was no longer his happy-go-lucky self . " His first stay in a VA mental ward was for three days in 2011 , she said . Then he returned again , against his will , and spent weeks in the facility . When he was released , she said , he was on nine different medications , including mood elevators , anti-psychotic medications and sleep aids . Jodi Routh said she had asked Kyle to help , telling him that her son had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . She told Kyle that her son had been hospitalized multiple times , but did not tell him that he 'd also threatened to kill himself and his family . "  Do you regret not sharing that level of detail ? " prosecutor Jane Starnes asked . "  I just wanted to get help for my son , " the mother replied . Routh 's trial comes just weeks after the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history , with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . "  American Sniper , " directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Bradley Cooper , has grossed the most ever for a war movie . Kyle 's autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . He had already risen to fame through his book when he died , and was involved in charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . Kyle and Littlefield took Routh to the firing range as a kind of therapy . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated . A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Eddie Ray Routh is on trial for the 2013 shooting deaths of Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield A video played in court shows him speaking with police after the shooting In an audio recording , Routh says he was annoyed at Kyle and Littlefield
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods are both accustomed to life on the road , but even the planet 's two top-ranked golfers are not immune to the stresses and strains of the professional golf circuit . In an exclusive joint interview with CNN , McIlroy and Tiger Woods explained how the grueling calendar has forced them both to skip this week 's lucrative $ 7 million HSBC Champions tournament in China -- which starts just three days after their "  Duel at Jinsha Lake " exhibition match . McIlroy won that clash a day after finishing second at a tournament in Shanghai on Sunday , while Woods came straight from playing in Malaysia . "  For me , I 'm fried , " said the 36-year-old Woods . "  I 've played a lot of golf towards the end of the year ... I have one more tournament for the year and then I 'm done until next year . " A resurgent Woods has recovered from a loss of form and fitness which dates back to November 2009 and the scandal that ended his marriage . After dropping out of the top 50 of the world rankings in October 2011 , Woods has bounced back in 2012 by winning three PGA Tour events and he is second on the U.S.-based circuit 's money list behind its winner McIlroy . Woods , who has spent a record 623 weeks at the top of the world rankings since turning pro in 1996 , will finish the season by playing at the World Challenge event that he hosts later this month . "  I looked at it , I wanted a break , " Woods explained . "  I wanted a long extended break from competing and get back into training . " It has been a stellar year for McIlroy . He won the second major title of his career at August 's PGA Championship , adding to his 2011 U.S. Open triumph , as well as helping Europe retain the Ryder Cup in Illinois thanks to a stunning comeback victory against a U.S. team including Woods . But McIlroy , who also leads the European Tour 's "  Race to Dubai " money list , is feeling the effects of a long season and is wary of playing too much . "  Someone needs a week off somewhere , " the 23-year-old said . "  If I played HSBC , I would be playing five events in a row to finish the season . "  After such a busy summer , a Ryder Cup and everything which has gone on , there has got to be an event somewhere which has to be left out and this year unfortunately it was HSBC , for the reason that I was n't a fan of the golf course and I needed a week off . " McIlroy is one half of sport 's most high-profile love match with Danish tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki . But despite having a sporting girlfriend -- the couple have been dubbed "  Wozzilroy " -- McIlroy admitted life on the tour can get lonely . "  You want to have guys you can go out for dinner with and have a laugh with in the locker room , " he added . "  You 're out there for 25 weeks a year , so you might as well make it fun . " The growing rivalry between McIlroy and Woods is proving to be a big drawcard for golf , as witnessed by the chaotically enthusiastic scenes in Monday 's one-off clash between the pair . The confident McIlroy has not been shy in pointing out Woods ' fall from his previous apparent invincibility , and the American compared their relationship to that of previous adversaries Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer . "  I talked to Jack about it and Jack and Arnie did n't like each other at the very get go , " Woods said . "  They just did n't see eye-to-eye . But now they are best of friends , so that does happen -- mutual respect , or mutual respect over time and getting to know someone . " One Ryder Cup player who will be lining up at Mission Hills in Shenzen for Thursday 's opening round is Woods ' U.S. teammate and great rival Phil Mickelson . The veteran formed a formidable partnership with Ryder Cup rookie Keegan Bradley as the Americans built up a 10-6 lead over Europe heading into the final day at the Medinah Country Club . But Europe , captained by Jose Maria Olazabal , launched a stirring comeback to win 8 1/2 points on the final day and retain the trophy . Four-time major winner Mickelson admits bouncing back from the defeat has been one of the toughest tests of his career , but he is ready to roar into action in China . "  I think the first two weeks following the Ryder Cup was a really tough low , one of the biggest lows of my career , " the 42-year-old told the European Tour 's website . "  It was a very emotional time because we really thought we were going to win . We expected to win ; we were playing well and we thought that we were going to do it on Sunday . "  I think that the disappointment will last a lot longer than a month . I feel that over the next two years , we 'll still have the same disappointment from not winning this year 's Ryder Cup . " Mickelson has won this event on two previous occasions when it was held in Shanghai , and he is confident of more success at its new home . "  I enjoyed our first time in Shanghai , but I think this golf course is wonderful , too , " he said . "  The fact that the golf tournament is moving is nothing different than what we have amongst all of the big major championships in golf . This is a great site with a great golf course to host it . "  I played the course for the first time this morning ; Keegan and I played a practice round and I really enjoyed it . I thought it was fun to play .  There is a  great mixture of holes and challenges , the greens are very fair and I think it 's going to be a fun course . "	Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will both skip this week 's HSBC Champions event World No. 1 McIlroy and Woods talk exclusively with CNN in joint interview Woods has risen to No. 2 in the world rankings after slipping out of top 50 last year McIlroy tops the European Tour money list and won his second major title in 2012
CNN  -- A charter flight crashed Saturday afternoon in Canada 's Arctic , killing 12 people and injuring three others , officials said . The Boeing 737-200 , en route to Resolute Bay from Yellowknife , went down roughly 10 minutes after its last reported communication , according to First Air , an airline based in Kanata , Ontario . Eleven passengers and four crew members were on board . The three survivors are being transported to the Qikiqtani General Hospital in Iqaluit for treatment , according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . One of the adults was reported to be in critical condition . Authorities have located two black boxes at the crash site , which was described as "  widespread , " police said . The cause of the crash near the Resolute Bay airport was not immediately known . Firefighters , medical teams , police and members of the Canadian military were among the first to respond to the accident , according to Dominique Verdon , a spokeswoman with the Canada Department of National Defence . The Transportation Safety Board of Canada will investigate the crash , she said . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Two black boxes are found at the crash site The Canadian safety board will investigate the crash Three people are injured , one critically The flight went down about 10 minutes after its last reported communication
Flea and the rest of Red Hot Chili Peppers will jump on to the stage , compliments of fellow performer Bruno Mars , at next month 's Super Bowl halftime show . The news was announced Saturday during Fox 's coverage of an NFC divisional playoff game . Mars , a Grammy-winning pop singer , invited the Chili Peppers to join him for the Super Bowl XLVIII festivities on February 2 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey . "  One of the most successful acts in rock history , Red Hot Chili Peppers , which is singer Anthony Kiedis , bassist Flea , drummer , Chad Smith , and guitarist Josh Klinghoffer , have sold more than 60 million albums , including five multi-platinum LPs , and won six Grammy Awards , " the NFL said in a press release . Their hit songs include "  Give It Away , " "  Scar Tissue , " "  Californication " and "  Suck My Kiss . " Kiedis and Flea , born Michael Balzary , are more than 20 years older than Mars . Their band has pioneered a bold style of rock infused with funk and rap . His 50th birthday bash in October 2012 gave Flea time to take stock of his life , he told CNN . "  I 'm definitely wiser , and less likely to make gigantic blunders of an intellectual , spiritual , emotional or physical type , " he said . " ... But more than anything the passion for the things that I really care about like playing music , and being kind , and children , and the things I love -- sports , books , art -- my passion for all these things has deepened . " Expectations for Super Bowl halftime performances are always high . The NFL claims the Pepsi Super Bowl halftime show "  is the most-watched musical event of the year . More than 110.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year 's show . " Beyonce 's performance in 2013 was critically acclaimed by fans . Previous acts include Madonna , The Who , Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band , Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , Prince , the Rolling Stones , Paul McCartney and U2 . Michael Jackson 's performance at Super Bowl XXVII in 1993 is credited with launching the tradition of blockbuster halftime shows . Mars -- born Peter Gene Hernandez in Hawaii 28 years ago -- was just 4 when he began performing in his family 's show as an Elvis impersonator . His debut album for Atlantic Records , "  Doo-Wops & Hooligans , " includes "  Just The Way You Are , " which won him a Grammy for best male pop vocal performance in 2010 . He is nominated for multiple major categories at this year 's show and will launch the second leg of his tour with his band The Hooligans this summer . Mars ' second album , "  Unorthodox Jukebox , " includes the hits "  Locked Out of Heaven " and "  When I Was Your Man . "	Rock band will join Bruno Mars for halftime show Super Bowl XLVIII is set for New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium on February 2 NFL : Super Bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year Michael Jackson 's 1993 Super Bowl performance launched the tradition of big halftime shows
Enchanting crystal clear waters protected by a coral reef , with white sandy beaches that stretch hundreds of kilometers : This is Watamu , an old fishing village on the Indian Ocean , in southeast Kenya . Located around 100km  62 miles  up the coast from Kenya 's second city , Mombasa , Watamu has long been known for its rich Swahili culture and its history . Now it 's also known as one of the country 's most impressive vacation spots , and an incredible water sports haven . The trade winds that blow in the afternoons make it ideal for windsurfing and kitesurfing , while paddleboarders have the chance to get close to the many species of dolphin that swim in the ocean . CNN 's Inside Africa visited Watamu and got a chance to sample its famous water sports first hand . Watch the video above to see what happened .	Watamu is a Kenyan fishing village on the Indian Ocean Known for its rich Swahili culture , it is now a water sports destination Visitors can windsurf , kitesurf and paddleboard
CNN  -- Police arrested a man Friday on suspicion of murder in the case of April Jones , a 5-year-old girl abducted in Wales four days ago . Suspect Mark Bridger , 46 , had previously been arrested on suspicion of her abduction . Police continue to search for April , who has been missing since Monday evening , when she was snatched from a street near her home in Machynlleth , in a remote corner of mid-Wales . However , the hunt is now presumed to be for a body rather than in the hope of finding April alive . The case , which Prime Minister David Cameron described as "  every parent 's nightmare , " has gripped the British media . Bridger remains in custody and continues to be questioned , said Detective Superintendent Reg Bevan , of Dyfed-Powys Police . Bevan appealed again for the public to come forward with any information on the movements of Bridger or his vehicle between Monday evening and Tuesday afternoon , when he was first arrested on suspicion of abduction . Hundreds join desperate search April 's family has been told about Bridger 's arrest on suspicion of murder , he said . Superintendent Ian John told reporters that the "  dynamics of the search have changed " and that only specialist teams would now be involved . Scores of local volunteers from the small , close-knit community had been helping police and mountain rescue teams hunt for the girl in the town and surrounding hilly and wooded countryside . April 's parents spoke Tuesday of how the abduction of "  our beautiful little girl April " had "  shattered " the family . Cameron added his voice to the appeals of April 's family and police Thursday , when he urged anyone with information that might help find her to come forward . There has been no trace of the pretty brown-haired child since she was last seen Monday evening , climbing into a vehicle that then drove off . She had been playing on her bicycle with a friend . Mother begs for help CNN 's Laura Perez-Maestro contributed to this report .	NEW : Police appeal again for information on the suspect 's movements Mark Bridger remains in police custody and continues to be questioned April Jones was abducted Monday in the small town of Machynlleth
Washington  CNN  -- Colgan Air , a regional airline , faces a nearly $ 1.9 million fine after it allegedly allowed 84 flight attendants to fly for a week after the airline was informed they had been trained on fire extinguishers that were different from those used on their aircraft . The alleged infraction occurred in November of 2009 , at a time the airline was under additional scrutiny because of a fatal crash of a Colgan Air jet near Buffalo , New York , nine months earlier . But it was unclear whether it was the additional scrutiny , or a routine inspection , that led to the discovery about the improper training . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , government inspectors discovered that new Colgan crew members were trained using a type of halon fire extinguisher found on Saab 340 aircraft , instead of the type installed on the Q400 planes they were staffing . On November 2 , 2009 , the FAA notified Colgan that crew members were not trained as required , but Colgan used the 84 untrained crew members on 172 flights during the next seven days , the FAA said . The Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday said it is proposing to fine Colgan $ 1,892,000 . Colgan said it intends to appeal the fine . "  We hope the facts presented in our response result in the proposed fine being reduced or removed , " said Eric Epperson of Pinnacle Airlines Corp. , Colgan 's parent company . "  Colgan Air was using the same type extinguisher for both the Saab 340B and Q400 training , although the Q400 extinguisher has a hose , " Epperson said . "  Upon notification and out of an abundance of caution , Colgan updated our training manuals and retrained all flight attendants to ensure full flight attendant understanding , " he said . "  Safety is a top priority at Colgan . " Colgan Air operates primarily in the northeastern United States . It operates as Continental Connection and United Express .	FAA says flight attendants flew after training on wrong extinguishers FAA says untrained crew were used on 172 flights Colgan plans to appeal , says safety is "  top priority "
CNN  -- Our winter blues are about to turn pink ! This year 's National Cherry Blossom Festival starts in Washington on Thursday . The annual event attracts more than a million people from across the country and abroad . The festival is starting on the first day of spring , as always , but peak bloom is predicted to be later this season because of the brutal winter in the D.C. area . "  We 're really excited to welcome spring with all this winter weather , " said Danielle Davis , a festival spokeswoman . The National Park Service says peak bloom , the day when 70 % of the blossoms of the Yoshino cherry trees around the Tidal Basin are open , is forecast to fall between April 8 and 12 . The average peak bloom date for the past 21 years has been March 31 . As one of the largest springtime festivals in the United States , the start of cherry blossom season may finally mean old man winter is retiring for the year . If you ca n't make a trip to the nation 's capital to see these delicate flowers , then you 're in luck , because we 've got a collection of beautiful blossom photos from previous years to share with you .  See the gallery in high resolution here .	The National Cherry Blossom Festival starts March 20 This is one of the largest spring festivals in the United States More than one million people travel to Washington to see these blooming flowers
CNN  -- Embroiled by successive racism scandals throughout much of the season , football was engulfed in a sexism storm on Wednesday after a leading ex-French international footballer advised women to look after their "  pots and pans " rather than talk about the sport . During a radio phone-in following France 's 1-0 defeat to Spain in Tuesday 's 2014 World Cup qualifier , Bernard Lacombe , who scored over 100 goals for Lyon between 1969 and 1978 before returning to coach the team in 1996 , advise a woman caller Sonia that her place was in the kitchen rather than airing her opinions on football . "  I do n't talk about football with women , " said Lacombe on the RMC radio station . "  It 's my character , that 's my way . They should look after their pots and pans , that would be better . " Pedro 's Point of View : Juve Europe 's dark horses ? Sonia had called the station to criticize France striker Karim Benzema , a Real Madrid star who made his name at Lyon , for his performance against Spain . He last scored for France in June 2012 . But Lacombe was quickly forced to reconsider his view of women and their right to engage in a football debate as he issued an apology via Lyon 's website , explaining he had only meant to defend Benzema . "  I 'm sorry if my remarks yesterday on RMC have hurt women and in particular sportswomen and female footballers , " read the statement on Lyon 's website . "  My only intention was to respond with a quip to the umpteenth criticism of Karim Benzema about his skills that struck me as particularly gratuitous and unacceptable . "  I would like to convey to Sonia and her partners the respect I hold for them and my admiration for their skills as footballers and for their outstanding performances . " Benzema has failed to score in any of France 's five qualifying matches and has n't found the net for Les Bleus since a friendly win over Estonia eight months ago . "  I want to say that I would have reacted as vehemently if the criticism of Karim Benzema had come from a man , obviously with different words but certainly as colorful , " continued Lacombe . "  I do not want to attack anyone , but simply to defend a player who does not deserve such treatment . " Lacombe now serves as an unofficial "  special adviser " Lyon to club president Jean-Michel Aulas and his jibe is acutely embarrassing for the French club given its women 's team have dominated European football in recent years On Sunday , Lyon 's women 's team underlined their status as the finest in Europe with an 11-0 demolition of Soyaux in the Coupe de France . Patrice Lair 's team have won the European Champions League in each of the last two season in addition to collecting 10 French league titles . This is not the first time a senior football figure has uttered sexist remarks . FIFA president Sepp Blatter suggested female players should play in tighter shorts , similar to the ones worn by volleyball players .	Former France striker Bernard Lacombe apologizes following sexist outburst Lacombe said he does n't talk about football with women during a French radio show Lyon unofficial "  special adviser " was responding to a caller named Sonia who was criticizing Karim Benzema France 's Benzema has not scored for Les Bleus since June 2012
CNN  -- A bare-chested man bursts athletically across the floor , flipping sideways , striking out a fierce kick , high above the heads of the screaming crowd . His rival hits back -- sliding across the space with a seamless stream of backflips , jump kicks , and aerial rotations , teetering on the corner of the mat , stretching backwards to recover his balance . We are in warehouse-looking arena in Midtown Atlanta , where the referee is calling 10 seconds remaining in the battle . The shirtless man explodes forward once more , from standing , shooting agressively into the air with final , winning flip . This is "  tricking " -- a lightning-fast mix of martial arts , gymnastics and breakdancing that has spent 20 years quietly spreading across gymnasium floors and internet video sites , but is now set to burst out . Read this : The street kid who grew into a ` Snake Man ' In the burgeoning world of tricking , 23-year-old Will Coneys is the new hero , the bare-chested , high-kicking victor in the Atlanta battle , and champion of tricking 's first international "  Throwdown " tournament on 24 August . Meet the tricker Coneys says it all started when he was a child , in Arlington , Virginia . He sat watching wide-eyed as Jackie Chan and the Power Rangers blazed across the TV screen with superheroic stunts and frenzied action sequences . "  As a kid you think ` Wow , I want to do that ! ' " he says . When he first heard of tricking it was little more than a hobby for likeminded teens with a fondness for impressive acrobatics . Coneys had spent much of his youth studying dance and teaching himself to do gymnastic tumbling moves before taking martial arts lessons aged 16 -- ultimately earning a first degree black belt in taekwondo . Through taekwondo he met the "  trickers , " a loose collection martial artists who congregated after karate competitions in dojos or on sprung-floor gym mats to show their most impressive jump kicks . In stark contrast to the restrictive worlds of professional dance and rhythmic gymnastics , Coneys found tricking to be fast and free . He and his fellow trickers showcased their own distinctive styles and gradually absorbed techniques from hip-hop dancing , capoeira , cheerleading and free-running -- and anywhere else their creative interests took them . Read this : Mongolia 's mind-bending contortionists "  Now I grab inspiration from just about anything , " says Coneys . "  I 'll watch gymnastics , I 'll watch martial arts movies or competitions , I 'll watch dancing , even drawing and art and other artistic forms of expression . "  I pick up moves from action sports like skateboarding or bmx or motocross , and I 'll start to break it down and change it into something I can do , on gymfloor or on grass , and put it in a different format for tricking . " The new champion of the Throwdown In August , competitors from across the world assembled in Atlanta 's Center Stage venue for tricking 's inaugural Throwdown competition , arriving from as far away as Russia , Korea and Finland to meet the top athletes from the United States . Rules were drawn up to pit teams of three against three , or individuals in one-on-one bouts , giving trickers just 90 seconds to show off their skills . In full flow , tricking contests mirror breakdancing battles : turn-based competitions where athletes fire off runs in quick succession in a bid to impress the judges . Arriving as a wildcard -- only being invited to compete after another contestant was forced to pull out -- Coneys went head-to-head with highly regarded athletes at the competition . Over four battles , the judges scored him highest across the five criteria they assess -- including kicking technique and trick difficulty -- and he stole the individual title . Coneys believes the key to his success is his explosive technique , which sees him boosting his 5 ' 6 " frame incredible heights into the air to throw breathtaking moves . The Throwdown 's Sports Organizer Rory Bratter explains that Coneys ' full-throttle style reflects the distinctive quality that sets tricking apart from more smoothly orchestrated gymnastic events . "  Watching a trick battle is like watching fireworks , " he says . "  These guys are going up in the air and the things they 're doing are so explosive and powerful . "  I think the explosiveness of tricking is really what makes it so exciting . That and the competitors feeding off each other and trying to step each other up -- saying ` Oh that 's a great move , but watch this ! " and doing something even bigger . " Going big Coneys says the sport "  clicked " for him last year , and since then he 's learned to use his movement across the gymfloor to express his own personality : "  For me , it 's my way of taking everything that I feel ... and putting it into a physical form . " At the same time , tricking has reached maturity as a sport . Bratter -- a veteran tricker in his own right , who has been competing since tricking 's early days in sport karate tournaments -- says the incredible growth in popularity owes a lot to YouTube , where videos of popular trickers have accumulated hundred of thousands of views . There is now a calendar full of meet-ups and open gyms where newcomers are encouraged to get involved and experience tricking firsthand . Top trickers are turning up in increasingly high-profile places , recently showing off their skills in movies , music videos , and at the VMAs and Grammy Awards . For Bratter the progress that the sport is making is "  incredible . " "  I 've been in the sport about 20 years , and every year it just gets better and better and more and more crazy , " he says . "  I mean , these guys are really pushing the limits . The level that we had last year compared to this year is completely night and day . "  I ca n't even imagine what next year is going to look like . "	Tricking is a sport combining elements of martial arts , gymnastics and dance Will Coneys was crowned the sport 's first "  Throwdown " champion in August 2013 Coneys has pulled off athletic moves taken from video games and action movies
L'AQUILA , Italy  CNN  -- The youngest had n't lived half a year . The oldest had lived nearly a hundred . A rescue worker Friday kisses the coffin of a child killed by this week 's earthquake in central Italy . The official government list of victims from this week 's earthquake in central Italy reached 287 on Friday , as Italians held a mass state funeral to lay the victims to rest . They included Antonio Loavan Ghiroceanu , who was born December 11 . He would have been 6 months old on Saturday . The oldest-known victim of the quake was Evandro Testa , 96 , who was born in 1913 . More than 200 caskets were lined up at the funeral , draped with flowers . At least one small white coffin belonging to a child sat atop a larger coffin , a baby 's pastel outfit hanging off the side . The funeral was being held outside a hangar in Coppito , a town adjacent to the earthquake 's epicenter of L'Aquila . Officials elected to hold the Mass in the open air to avoid the risk of injury from falling debris . Aftershocks continue to shake the region more than four days after the earthquake , and some were even felt during Friday 's funeral . All of the area 's cardinals and bishops , along with 100 priests , attended the special funeral Mass. . Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was also there , greeting and embracing some of the thousands of mourners before the service . Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone presided over the Mass as an envoy from Pope Benedict XVI , who plans to visit the region after Easter . Watch Italy bury its dead " Bertone said the funeral was a "  precious moment " to understand the meaning of life and death . "  Everything can stop in a second -- projects , plans -- everything finishes . All that remains is love , " he said . Watch more on funeral Mourners , who were transported to the funeral on buses , dabbed their eyes and noses . Some stared at the ground or held each other . Few appeared focused on anything but remembering the victims . "  I feel rebirth in the heart , because below that rubble there is a will to rebuild , to start again , to plan and to dream , " Bertone said , offering a message of hope . The towns of L'Aquila and the surrounding region , he said , "  will come back stronger , will have more courage and give life to these places with that power and strength and dignity of the soul that distinguishes them . " As well as sending Bertone to deliver his message , the pope sent holy oils to L'Aquila and a chalice with which to take Communion . Archbishop Giuseppe Molinari of L'Aquila also planned to deliver a message . The 6.3-magnitude quake Monday morning left about 30,000 people without their homes . Almost 20,000 of them are braving chilly nights in tents while about 11,000 others are staying in hotels , said Agostino Miozzo , a spokesman for the Italian Civil Protection Agency . Watch more on the aftermath Recovering from such losses and rebuilding the city of L'Aquila will take several years , according to Miozzo . The medieval city is about 120 km  75 miles  northeast of Rome . Berlusconi has said rebuilding will cost several billion euros . Aftershocks have heightened anxiety in the area -- including a moderate 5.6 magnitude tremor that struck the area Tuesday . "  The mood is a little bit afraid , " said Marco Volponi of the Civil Protection agency . He was working in a tent camp , housing people whose homes were inhabitable . In the nearby village of Onna , 40 people -- more than one out of every eight residents in the town of 300 -- were killed in the earthquake . On some streets , every single home was destroyed . Anna Rita Difilice lost her son , Fabio , 20 , to the quake -- the deadliest to strike Italy in decades and the first major quake in the country in seven years . She said she does n't know what comes next for her . Her village has become populated with tents , fold-up beds and feeding stations handing out food , water and other supplies for survivors . But she said she knew one thing : she 's not going anywhere . "  My son died here , " she said . "  There is no way I 'm leaving this town -- not ever . "	Italians have gathered to farewell nearly 300 earthquake victims Almost 20,000 have braved chilly nights in tents , about 11,000 others in hotels Toll from Monday morning 's earthquake continues to rise : 287 now dead
CNN  -- The cost of college tuition will continue to rise as long as federal student aid programs continue to increase with little or no accountability . That was the hypothesis  now known in education circles as the Bennett Hypothesis  of a column I wrote for The New York Times in 1987 , in response to tuition hikes at many of the nation 's colleges and universities . I had noticed an interesting phenomenon : Increases in federal financial aid were not improving college affordability . Each year , federal financial aid outlays would increase , but college tuitions would continue to rise above and beyond the rate of inflation . Much like the effects of subsidies on health care and the housing market , increasing student aid was insulating colleges from having to make market-driven cost-cutting measures , like improving productivity or efficiency . It appears that this may still be true today . Last month , Andrew Gillen at the Center for College Affordability and Productivity authored a new paper introducing the "  Bennett Hypothesis 2.0 , " an updated version of my original argument . Under the current financial aid system , he concluded , "  As higher financial aid pushes costs higher , it inevitably puts upward pressure on tuition . Higher tuition , of course , reduces college affordability , leading to calls for more financial aid , setting the vicious cycle in motion all over again . " In 1987 , I reached my hypothesis by examining the basic relationship between federal financial aid and tuition . Let 's compare the numbers today . In 2010 , the Department of Education distributed $ 133 billion in student aid . In 2011 , it was nearly $ 157 billion , a 17 % increase . Pell Grants increased from $ 29 billion in 2010 to $ 36 billion in 2011 , a 24 % increase . At the same time , in 2011 , costs at the average public university rose 5.4 % for in-state students , or about $ 1,100 . Average tuition at public universities rose 8.3 % . The increases have greatly outpaced the rate of inflation , which was 3 % in 2011 . While increased federal aid does not cause college price inflation , it can be a considerable factor . Many other elements influence tuition prices , such as the rise of alumni donations , the expansions of institutional services and the ever-increasing demand for higher education . Families will go to incredible , and often insane , lengths to get their son or daughter into college , and these institutions know that . Nevertheless , the federal mechanism intended to make college more affordable seems to be having little or no effect . Furthermore , taxpayers are getting fewer returns for their money . In 2009 , the six-year graduation rate of bachelor 's students was 56 % in the United States . In 1997 , it was 52 % . During that time period , student aid skyrocketed . According to the College Board , "  Total student aid increased by about 84 % in inflation-adjusted dollars over the decade from 1997-98 to 2007-08 . " Taxpayers are subsidizing higher education at greater and greater costs while institutional performance has not kept up . This gap between enrollment and graduation costs the U.S. economy millions of dollars in potential earnings each year and expands the growing student loan bubble . Weighed down by rising tuition costs , students borrow more money each year to pay for college . The more they borrow , the more difficult it becomes for them to pay for college on their own or in a timely manner , and if they fail to graduate , they are left holding larger piles of debt . According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , student loan indebtedness reached $ 867 billion last year .  By comparison , outstanding U.S. credit card debt was $ 704 billion .  And almost 15 % of all borrowers have at least one past-due loan account . There are legitimate fears that this could be the next U.S. debt bomb . Why should taxpayers continue to increase funding for federal aid programs that do little to control soaring college costs and rein in student debt ? Like the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis , the middle class would be crushed by a mass student loan default . Our students and their families deserve better than this . As I said 25 years ago , "  Higher education is not underfunded . It is under-accountable . " Federal aid should be closely tied to academic performance , graduation rates and the ability of students to repay their loans in a responsible manner . During his State of the Union address this year , President Obama said , "  We ca n't just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition . " He added , "  So let me put colleges and universities on notice . If you ca n't stop tuition from going up , the funding you get from taxpayers will go down . " It 's encouraging to see the president acknowledge what has long been the argument of conservative education reformers . It remains to be seen if his threat holds any weight and if he will act on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Increases in federal financial aid do n't seem to improve college affordability Bennett : Taxpayers subsidize higher education , but institutions ' performances have n't kept up He says student loan indebtedness could be the next U.S. debt bomb Bennett : Colleges need to keep costs down , or else taxpayers should stop the funding
CNN  -- While he 's enormously concerned about what secrets self-avowed NSA leaker Edward Snowden may yet spill , President Barack Obama said Thursday he 's not going to take extraordinary measures to capture him . "  I 'm not going to be scrambling jets to get a 29-year-old hacker , " he told reporters during a news conference in Senegal , his first stop on a tour of several African nations . Obama had n't talked to leaders of China and Russia about Snowden -- who actually turned 30 a few days ago -- in part because he did n't want to amp up the issue and have to start "  wheeling and dealing " in order to get the fugitive in U.S. custody . In a speech Thursday , National Security Agency director Keith Alexander ceded he 's worried there may be more leaks from Snowden . "  These leaks have caused significant and irreversible damage to our nation 's security , " Alexander said . " ... What is going on , in these leaks , is unconscionable in my opinion , it hurts our nation and our allies . And it 's flat wrong . " Snowden has said he gave reporters information about secret surveillance out of concern these programs violate privacy rights and put too much power in the hands of government officials . As Snowden seeks asylum , U.S. bides its time Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said Tuesday his country would consider a formal request for political asylum from Snowden -- which it had n't then received -- and Foreign Minister Elias Jaua reiterated that position Thursday . Another Latin American country , Ecuador , is probably Snowden 's most widely rumored destination -- and subject of a growing spat with the United States because of it . Snowden has sought asylum there , the same country that has already agreed to shelter WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , albeit at its embassy in London . On Wednesday , U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , said he would move to block Ecuador from two U.S. free-trade programs should Snowden go there . "  Our government will not reward countries for bad behavior , " he said . 4 options for the U.S. to get Snowden back Ecuadorian presidential spokesman Fernando Alvarado responded Thursday by saying his the nation would spare Menendez and his Senate colleagues the trouble . "  We will not accept any threats or pressure from anyone , " Alvarado told reporters . "  We will not deal or trade in our principles . No matter how important the trade advantage may be . " The programs in question are n't free-trade agreements but U.S. laws that do n't require Ecuadorian consent , so Alvarado 's declaration may have little more than a symbolic effect . "  I 'm not sure you can really withdraw from them one way or another , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said . While he did n't offer specifics , Ventrell did say he 'd expect "  grave difficulties " in relations if Ecuador granted Snowden asylum . The two countries have been at odds publicly , but remain linked economically . Ecuador , for instance , sent about $ 9.6 billion of goods to the United States in 2011 , according to the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative . The head of the Ecuadorian Business Committee said he 's worried that "  very important " commerce between the two nations could be negatively impacted as a result of this tiff . "  It 's a risk to give asylum to Snowden because the United States , they could consider some economic sanction , including commercial sanctions , " said Roberto Aspiazu . Still in Moscow Snowden apparently remained in limbo at Moscow 's airport , a free man according to Russian officials but with limited options . Why would Snowden head for Ecuador ? He did n't appear to board Thursday 's flight from Moscow to Havana , where he had been rumored to be heading on his way to Ecuador or some other safe haven . While he has applied to Ecuador for asylum , that request has not yet been "  dealt with " because Snowden is not in the country , Ecuadorian Political Affairs Secretary Betty Tola told reporters . She denied the country granted Snowden refugee travel papers , as Assange told reporters this week . Opinion : Why Ecuador might shelter Snowden Assange said Snowden traveled from Hong Kong to Moscow on Sunday using documents provided by Ecuador . Other governments have not specified what documents the former CIA employee and National Security Agency contractor used to leave the semi-autonomous Chinese territory , where he had gone to leak details of secret U.S. telephone and Internet surveillance programs . U.S. officials have accused China of deliberately letting Snowden leave . And they have expressed frustration with Russia 's refusal to detain a man they portray almost as a common criminal -- on par with seven Russian fugitives U.S. officials have repeatedly said they handed over to Russia in the past two years despite the lack of an extradition treaty . Snowden and others have contended that he did America and the world a service by revealing information on secret programs , which they say wrongly impinge on people 's right to privacy in furtively giving too much information to the U.S. government . But in his speech Thursday in Baltimore , the head of the National Security Agency argued -- as he 's done repeatedly in recent weeks -- that the programs both protect civil liberties and help keep America and its allies safe . Alexander pointed to 54 related cases that Congress was informed about , of which 50 led to arrests or detentions . Most of these were centered overseas , with 13 exceptions such as a foiled 2009 plot to bomb New York City 's subway system . Exposing the programs , he and others have said , makes it harder to spot terrorists and thus puts lives at risk . "  I believe the irresponsible release of classified information about these programs will have a long-term detrimental impact on the intelligence community 's ability to detect future attacks , " Alexander said . "  These leaks have inflamed and sensationalized , for ignoble purposes , the work that  the  intelligence community does lawfully , over strict oversight and compliance . " Possible Snowden posts On Wednesday , the technology website Ars Technica published portions of chat logs it said show comments from 2009 by someone using a forum name Snowden was known to have used . The comments criticized people who leak national security information . Commenting on New York Times reporting based on leaks related to confidential surveillance programs involving Iran , the poster compared the newspaper to WikiLeaks -- which enraged U.S. officials by disclosing thousands of confidential diplomatic cables . "  Are they TRYING to start a war ? " the poster wrote . "  you do n't put that s *** in the NEWSPAPER . " Ars Techica said it could not be certain the poster was Snowden , but information revealed in the posts matches biographical information he has since publicly revealed . CNN could not verify the posts ' authenticity . If they were written by Snowden , they offer insight into his thinking at a time when he apparently was more accepting of government surveillance programs . According to Ars Technica , the poster said of the New York Times and its reporting on secret surveillance programs , "  these are the same people who blew the whole ` we could listen to osama 's cell phone ' thingthe same people who screwed us on wiretappingover and over and over againThank god they 're going out of business . " Four years later , Snowden would provide news organizations in the United States and the United Kingdom with classified information he acknowledged copying and taking from his job as a computer contractor for the NSA in Hawaii . Where could Snowden go next ? CNN 's Greg Botelho , Matthew Chance , Carol Cratty , Elise Labott , Vivian Kam , Adam Levine , Catherine E. Shoichet and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Leaks caused "  irreversible damage to our nation 's security , " NSA chief says NEW : A Venezuelan official reiterates his nation 's openness to accepting Snowden President Obama says he does n't want to make deals to get Snowden Ecuador renounces U.S. trade benefits in the tiff over the asylum bid
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli security forces halted Palestinian Christians -- joined by a U.N. envoy -- participating a pre-Easter procession Saturday in Jerusalem 's Old City , an action the envoy sharply criticized but that an Israeli official dismissed as a "  non-event . " Robert Serry , the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , was among a large , tightly packed group trying to walk together on what is Holy Saturday on the Christian calendar . A woman yells out at one point , "  They are preventing us from accessing our churches to pray . " Some time later , the people are stopped by security forces . Barricades are set up , only to be picked up and taken away . There 's also some pushing and shoving before the scene eventually calms down . The special coordinator 's office explained that the group had intended to move from the area 's New Gate to the Holy Sepulchre "  at the invitation of the Palestinian Christian community in Jerusalem . " It said the group had been earlier given "  assurances ... of unhindered access , " only to have "  the Israeli police refuse ... to allow such entry claiming they had orders to that effect . " Serry expressed "  dismay " over the incident , adding , "  I call on all parties to respect the right of religious freedom , granting access to holy sites for worshippers of all faiths and refraining from provocations , not least during the religious holidays . " Yet Israel 's government saw the matter in a different light . Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor -- in a message retweeted by Israel Defense Forces spokesman Peter Lerner -- said , "  UN envoy #RobertSerry shows poor judgment in fabricating an incident out of a non-event , mishandling sensitive issue of religious freedom . " Palmor told the Jerusalem Post that police were acting to limit the number of those packed into the church and the narrow streets around it , dismissing what happened as "  a micro-incident . " This incident is not Serry 's first run-in with authorities : The U.N. envoy said he was threatened by armed men in Crimea , which broke away from Ukraine and joined Russia . Whatever its origins or conclusions , Saturday 's ordeal did not prevent other activities in and around the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , which is where many Christians believe Jesus was buried and rose from the dead . On Saturday , the church once again was home to the Holy Fire ceremony , including the sight of dozens of people holding candles or small torches . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem ; Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	U.N. envoy Robert Serry , a group of Palestinian Christians proceed through the Old City A woman says the group wants to get into church "  to pray " ; Israeli police block them Serry says he 's dismayed , urges respect for "  religious freedom , " no "  provocations " An Israeli official tells a newspaper police were limiting the crowd , calling it a "  non-event "
CNN  -- Just four days after winning her fifth Wimbledon crown , Serena Williams overcame the effects of jet lag to successfully begin the defense of her Bank of the West Classic title in Stanford , California . The American made a smooth transition from the London grass courts -- which she will return to for the Olympics later this month -- and an eight-hour time difference as she beat college champion Nicole Gibbs 6-2 6-1 in the second round of the hard-court event . "  I definitely felt a little sluggish today , but it was fine , and it was good to get that win , " Williams told reporters after winning against the 19-year-old wildcard entrant to register her 25th victory in 26 matches . "  It 's really bright out there too -- I was so used to all the gloom in London and all the clouds "  I 'll feel better after having tomorrow off and more time to get adjusted . I 'm still waking up at like two in the morning . " Gibbs , who is also the NCAA doubles champion , idolized Williams as a child , even serving as a ballgirl for her at age 12 . "  When I played Monica Seles for the first time it was pretty cool . To think someone would still want to be like me is kind of awesome , " the 30-year-old Williams said . Gibbs won her opening match against Thailand 's world No. 174 Noppawan Lertcheewakarn , who did not make it through qualifying at Wimbledon , but found a much tougher challenge in 14-time grand slam champion Williams . "  It was a great experience -- it was really good to match up against that level and see what 's out there , " said Gibbs , who was appearing in the main draw of a WTA Tour event for the first time . "  She 's such a hero in my mind and so built up in my mind , but I think I was definitely more in the match than I had anticipated being . After a few points I felt I could at least compete at that level . " Williams was full of praise for her opponent too , adding , "  I think she played really well -- she moves really well and she does n't quit , and I think that 's the best quality you can have as an athlete , and especially as a tennis player . "  She could have easily given up and she did n't . She 's a fighter . And she has a really good first serve . I think she really held her own today . " Williams will next face sixth seed Chanelle Scheepers after the South African beat Portuguese wildcard Michelle Larcher de Brito to reach her first top-level quarterfinal . "  Serena will definitely be a challenge , but I 'm ready to go out and just enjoy it , " said Scheepers , who lost to Williams in straight sets in their only previous meeting . "  I 'm happy with how the hard-court season has started and I hope to keep this up . "	Serena Williams wins her first match just four days after victory in the Wimbledon final American returned to the U.S. to defend her title at Stanford hard-court event Teen opponent idolized Williams as a child , and was even her ballgirl at age 12 Williams will face South African sixth seed Scheepers in quarterfinals
CNN  -- We all feel like hibernating this winter . The arctic chill has us huddled together with our dogs , cats and humans on sofas across the land , venturing out only for that required dog walk . Yet the brisk air is invigorating for some living things â $ " maybe even you . So , party with your dog , toast the ugliest fish in the world or walk into the wilderness to spot bald eagles or elk . Here are 10 animal-focused ideas for winter : A cold water plunge for your pooch Dogs and humans alike get to dive into the Atlantic Ocean during the Polar Plunge Festival on the Rehoboth Beach , Delaware , boardwalk  January 31-February 2  . Do n't worry : leashed pooches only go into the water as much as they like . The $ 25 pooch registration fee includes an official Pooch Plunge dog bandana . This Special Olympics fundraiser also includes a 5K Run to the Plunge and an ice sculpting demonstration . Run those huskies into the woods For a more active experience with dogs born to run , head to Maine for your introduction to dogsledding . No matter that you 've never raced in the Alaskan Iditarod . Even kids can take charge of the dogs during these February half-day adventures into the Maine wilderness , which includes meeting the huskies , a 15 - to 25-mile mush and a midday stop to build a fire and feed the dogs . There are also full-day and even two-day programs . Half-day prices start at $ 400 for a group of up to four people . This dog race really counts Want to see the real deal ? This Valentine 's Day weekend , come to Helena , Montana , for the Race to the Sky qualifying race for the Alaskan Iditarod . The 350-mile adult race starts at Camp Rimini , where soldiers and sled dogs trained during World War II and winds through the state 's Rocky Mountains . There 's also a 100-mile adult race and a 100-mile junior race . One of the nonprofit organizer 's missions this year is to assist groups working to bring retired military dogs home . The host town of Helena also turns 150 years old this year , so it 's bound to be an even bigger party than usual . The ugliest fish in the world One of the ugliest bottom-dwelling fish known to humans , the eelpout , gets its own festival in the tiny town of Walker , Minnesota , population 1,500 . Even the name of the lake -- Leech -- is ugly . But that does n't stop more than 10,000 festival participants and visitors from filling the town from February 20-23 for the 2014 International Eelpout Festival . Come for the Eelpout Fishfry and stay for the Eelpout Curling , the EelPout 500 races or the fishing show . A more refined animal spotting Get up early to see elk in their natural habitat near Buckhorn Lake State Resort Park , Kentucky . The tour leaves the resort for the elk reserve around 5:30 a.m. , and guests should bring snacks , cameras and binoculars to capture their elk . The tour returns to the resort by noon . Head to the resort park the night before to stay the night and attend a pre-tour natural history program . The package price of $ 90 per single or $ 120 per couple includes one night 's room , continental breakfast and transportation to and from the elk preserve the next morning . The tour is available February 1 , 2 , 22 and 23 . The national bird soars across many states The American bald eagle , the official bird emblem of the United States , loves to spend the winter in some pretty cold states . If you 're in the middle of the country , head to Oklahoma 's Sequoyah National Wildlife Refuge to spot the mighty bird or Beavers Bend State Park to find bald eagles hunting for food , fishing or nesting .  There are sometimes tours .  In Connecticut , join the state Audubon Society for an eagle-spotting cruise . In the upper Midwest , spot bald eagles soaring over several Illinois towns . A banner year for this Arctic Circle resident We 're not promising that you 'll spot the Snowy Owl at Norman Bird Sanctuary in Rhode Island . But it 's worth a try this February to find the elusive Arctic Circle bird , which has been traveling south in unusually high numbers this winter . Bring your own binoculars to the sanctuary 's free guided bird walks on February 2 and February 16 . We hear from Rhode Island officials that it could be a banner year for sightings . Alaskan animals come out to play Moose , wolves and caribou do n't sleep through Alaska 's long , cold and dark winter , and animal spotters have a special treat this year : The National Park Service will plow the Denali National Park & Preserve road west of park headquarters in mid-February , a month earlier than usual  and the earliest it 's ever been opened  so winter sports enthusiasts can play in the snow . Party with the community surrounding the park at Winterfest  February 21-23  . Groundhog Day predicts the end of winter Want to know when winter will finally end ? Join the crowds on the walk to Gobbler 's Knob to spot the most anticipated winter animal of all , Punxsutawney Phil . He 's expected to appear early on February 2 , Groundhog Day , to let the world know how much more winter we can expect . The festival marking his appearance includes breakfast with Phil and s'mores with the Inner Circle , the local dignitaries who plan Groundhog Day events and care for Phil . Saddle up for the rodeo You say you 're done with winter and prefer warm-weather activity ? It can be a tad warmer in San Antonio where the San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo  February 6-23  hosts horse and livestock shows , auctions and sales of horses and other livestock , rodeo performances , exhibits , a carnival and concerts after the show . The heat is on !	Practice the art of dogsledding in the Maine woods Mushers will compete in Montana to qualify for the Alaska Iditarod Drink to the ugliest fish in the world in Minnesota Track the soaring bald eagle in Oklahoma , Connecticut or Illinois
CNN  -- The Coast Guard and BP declared the Deepwater Horizon cleanup over in three states Monday but will keep watching dozens of miles of Louisiana shoreline where oil still washes ashore . More than three years after the worst oil spill in U.S. history erupted in the Gulf of Mexico , the coastlines of Mississippi , Alabama and Florida have been returned to "  as close to pre-spill conditions as possible , " said Lt. Cmdr. Natalie Murphy , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . In Louisiana , however , 84 miles of coastline -- mostly barrier islands like Grand Isle and Elmer 's Island , about 90 miles south of New Orleans -- is still subject to cleanup , Murphy said . Those areas are still seeing tar balls and occasional mats of weather oil wash up on the beach regularly , particularly since Hurricane Isaac stirred up fresh oil from the seabed in late 2012 . Murphy said the decision was made when only small amounts of oil were being found by cleanup crews . Those crews had "  a very large footprint going on some very sensitive areas , " she said . "  It begs the question of how much harm are we doing to the environment by walking in or driving ATVs just for a small amount of oil , " she said . Now , she said , the Coast Guard will check out any reports of oil on the beaches , and BP will continue to be required to clean up any oil that traces back to the Deepwater Horizon spill . But environmental groups quickly expressed concern that Monday 's decision was premature . "  We do n't want the nation to think this disaster is over when oil washes ashore somewhere along Alabama 's 53 miles of beach every day , " Casi Callaway , executive director of Mobile Baykeeper , told CNN . Callaway said residents and tourists will now have to become "  oil spotters " on the beaches . And the National Wildlife Federation said as many as 1 million barrels of oil from the disaster remained unaccounted for . "  Regardless of how our shorelines are monitored , BP must be held accountable for the cleanup , " David White , the head of the group 's Gulf of Mexico Restoration Campaign , said in a statement on the decision . "  We can not just accept oiled material on our beaches and in our marshes as the ` new normal . ' " The drill rig Deepwater Horizon exploded and sank in April 2010 , killing 11 men aboard and unleashing an undersea gusher from a BP-owned well called Macondo a mile underwater . It took three months to cap the well , and federal officials estimate nearly 5 million barrels of oil -- more than 200 million gallons -- poured into the Gulf in that time . Most of the oil is believed to have been eaten by hydrocarbon-munching microbes in the Gulf . But an undetermined portion settled to the floor of the Gulf , and tar balls and tar mats are still turning up across the region . Crews dug up a 450-pound tar mat left behind by the spill in Pensacola Beach , Florida , in early April , Murphy said . Murphy said the decision announced Monday "  is a transition , not an end . " "  We 're going to maintain the proper staffing in order to address those episodic re-oiling instances , and it will be cleaned up , " she said . Meanwhile , BP spokesman Jason Ryan said the company is making "  significant progress " in the remaining cleanup work in Louisiana . Ryan said the company still has about 85 workers from a contractor committed to the cleanup work there . In January , he said , crews drilled 14,000 holes in search of buried oil . Only 3 % of those holes found enough oil to require cleanup , and that process is "  nearly complete , " he said . Work is also going on in the marshes of Barataria Bay , home to some of the worst-hit spots . "  At Upper Barataria Bay , we finally received permission to treat areas that had been set aside for treatment studies just a few months ago and are now progressing them through the final inspection process , " Ryan told CNN . And he said that the company will clean up any new oil that traces back to the blowout . "  If people do receive these reports , the Coast Guard will come and investigate , and if it 's found to be from Macondo , BP will respond , " he said . The disaster has cost BP an estimated $ 32 billion to date , including $ 14 billion in cleanup costs . It 's also paid out nearly $ 8 billion in compensation to Gulf Coast residents , pleaded guilty to manslaughter charges and paid a $ 4 billion fine for the deaths on the rig . CNN 's John Murgatroyd and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Oil spill cleanup called complete in Alabama , Mississippi and Florida Work continues on more than 80 miles of Louisiana shores Environmentalists worry the decision is premature
RollingStone.com  -- Rage Against The Machine guitarist Tom Morello spent Monday at the Wisconsin protests , performing acoustic songs at a rally and delivering a fiery speech to the thousands inside of the capital rotunda who are protesting Governor Walker 's attempt to end the right of state employees to collectively bargain . "  What 's happened so far might be the most inspiring 24 hours of my life as an activist , " Morello tells Rolling Stone . "  I 've never seen this kind of outpouring of unapologetic , steel-backboned support for union causes in the United States . The Madison police were delivering bratwurst to the protesters inside the capitol , and the kids were thanking them . It was unbelievable . " Rolling Stone : Tom Morello rocks Wisconsin protesters At a freezing cold rally outside of the capital , Morello was joined by Rise Against frontman Tim Mcilrath , Wayne Kramer of the MC5 and Boston folk group Street Dogs . The show mixed classics like Neil Young 's "  Ohio , " Bob Marley 's "  Get Up , Stand Up " and Morello 's driving acoustic version of Rage Against the Machine 's "  Guerilla Radio . " "  No matter what Gov. Walker , the Mubarak of the Midwest , says , this land is your land , " Morello said before singing Woody Guthrie 's "  This Land is Your Land . " "  Never give up and never give in ! " Rolling Stone : Tom Morello 's top ten protest anthems If Governor Walker 's bill passes , it would effectively destroy Wisconsin 's civil servant unions ; many fear that other Republican-controlled states would attempt to follow suit . "  I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union , " says Morello . "  For almost 30 years , my mom was a public high school teacher in Libertyville , Illinois . I grew up with a firm belief that the leverage we have as working people is through the union . It 's the only counterweight to the raw greed of corporate power . For the past 22 years , I 've been a union man in L.A. as a member of the Professional Musicians Local 47 . " Rolling Stone : Rage Against the Machine rock for immigrants ' rights in California After the rally , Morello entered the packed Capitol rotunda , which had been occupied for the past week , grabbed a bullhorn , and made one of the most rousing speeches of the day . "  This is what they do in times of economic crisis , " Morello said . "  They think people are n't paying attention , that they can just sneak through this legislation that would rob us of decades , centuries of social progress . We did n't pick this fight . -LSB- Governor Walker -RSB- tapped us on the shoulder and said ` let 's fight . ' And now we 're gon na knock his legislative teeth out . " Reporting by Patrick Doyle Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Outside of the capital , Morello was joined by other musicians to protest "  I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union . " In the Capitol rotunda , Morello grabbed a bullhorn and made a speech
United Nations  CNN  -- The United States vetoed Friday a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have declared Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said that while the United States agrees about "  the folly and illegitimacy of continued Israeli settlement activity , we think it unwise for this council to attempt to resolve the core issues that divide Israelis and Palestinians . " The veto is the first to be used under the Obama administration . Ambassador Riyad Mansour , the permanent observer of Palestine to the United Nations , objected to the veto in a statement following the vote . "  The proper message that should have been sent by the Security Council to Israel , the occupying power , is that its contempt of international law and the international community will no longer be tolerated , " he said . "  We fear , however , that the message sent today may be one that only encourages further Israeli intransigence and impunity . This must be remedied . " Rice noted conversations in recent days between U.S. and Palestinian leaders in an attempt to compromise on the issue of Israeli settlements . "  In recent days , we offered a constructive alternative course that we believe would have allowed the council to act unanimously to support the pursuit of peace , " she said . "  We regret that this effort was not successful and thus is no longer viable . " Israel praised the veto , saying in a statement that the decision "  contributes to the resumption of the diplomatic process and  it  regrets that the other Security Council members have refrained from making the same contribution . " U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday called Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss the resolution and speak about alternatives to a Security Council vote , according to a diplomatic source . Among the options that had been floated , American and Palestinian officials said , was the issuance of a Security Council presidential statement , which is weaker than an actual resolution . Obama told Abbas that if he did n't withdraw the resolution , it would put the United States in an awkward position and that U.S.-Palestinian relations would suffer as a result , the source said . "  Well , there were attempts at persuasion ,  but  let me put it politely : We are even more persuaded by the rights of the Palestinian people , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a veteran Palestinian legislator and Palestine Liberation Organization executive committee member . "  We are more committed to international law and to the requirements of peace , and all these require that settlement activity should stop and that the Security Council should take a resolution condemning all settlement activities as being illegal and as being in direct contradiction of the requirement of peace . " The PLO met Friday and decided to move forward with the vote , the diplomatic source said , adding that Abbas felt that at a time when so many leaders are either being toppled or facing massive protests , it would make him look weak if he opted for an alternative course . The Palestinian territories have not had the kinds of demonstrations seen in many Arab countries , but the Fatah leaders of the Palestinian Authority have been under criticism since Al-Jazeera published secret papers claiming to reveal that Palestinian officials were prepared to make wide-ranging concessions in negotiations with Israel . The Obama administration has been critical of Israeli settlement construction but has not gone as far as to call it "  illegal . " Rice reaffirmed the U.S. stance Friday , saying after the vote that Friday 's veto should not be "  misunderstood to mean we support settlement activity . " "  On the contrary , we reject in the strongest terms the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlement activity , " she said . Since the breakdown of American-brokered talks with Israel in September over the issue of settlements , the Palestinian Authority has been pursuing a policy aimed at unilaterally declaring a Palestinian state by September based on borders from 1967 and in recent months has won recognition from a number of South American countries . The United States and Israel oppose the unilateral efforts , insisting that all issues in the conflict must be dealt with through direct negotiations . Following the vote , Israel joined the United States in once again calling for direct negotiations . "  Only thus , and not through seizing the Security Council , will it be possible to advance the peace process so as to benefit both parties and to serve the cause of peace and security throughout the region , " said a statement released by Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The American Israel Public Affairs Committee also praised the veto , saying the action prevented "  another one-sided , anti-Israeli resolution from being enacted by the U.N. Security Council . " CNN 's Kevin Flower and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Veto "  encourages further Israeli intransigence , " observer of Palestine says The veto is the first to be used by the U.S. under the Obama administration U.S. Ambassador to U.N. : It 's unwise for Security Council to try to resolve key divisive issue The Palestinian proposal aimed to declare Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan officials sounded an alarm Saturday over NATO bombings of three ports that they said would trigger a crisis by limiting the movement of supply ships carrying critical supplies in and out of the war-torn nation . NATO jets destroyed eight Libyan warships in the ports of Tripoli , Al-Khums and Sirte after concluding that Col. Moammar Gadhafi had started using naval assets to lay mines and hamper international humanitarian aid , said Mike Bracken , NATO 's military spokesman . Libyan officials said , however , that the airstrikes violated the United Nations resolution mandating the protection of civilians . Amran al-Forjani , Libya 's chief coastguard commandant , called the operation a "  crazy attack . " No deaths or injuries were reported . Bracken said at a Friday news conference that the NATO strikes were justified . Gadhafi was indiscriminately mining waters in Misrata and hampering the flow of humanitarian aid , Bracken said . "  He was using maritime forces to lay mines . These were legal targets , " he said . NATO warplanes have been pounding military targets since March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution to protect civilians by any means necessary as Gadhafi 's forces try to quash a nearly three-month revolt against Gadhafi 's nearly 42 years of rule . NATO and human rights groups said Libyan forces have targeted aid ships coming in and out of Misrata , where a bloody see-saw battle has raged between Gadhafi 's forces and the rebels . But the coast guard commandant denied that his vessels were used to attack Misrata or any other Libyan city . A Libyan official who led CNN personnel on a tour of the area Friday said the commercial port , not the nearby military port , was hit . From the distance at which CNN was allowed to view the area , it was not clear what sort of vessels were hit . Six rockets struck in three strikes that hit five coast guard boats and one navy vessel in dock for maintenance , said Mohammed Ahmed Rashed , the port general manager . The port remained operational , according to officials , but the strikes would impact the limited movement of supply ships . Libyan officials said the port is the main food and fuel supply line , and they expect the strikes to deter freight ships from coming because of security concerns and to increase the insurance on ships and goods . In another development , the European Union will open an office in Benghazi on Sunday , officials said . Catherine Ashton , foreign policy chief of the European Union , will open the office , said the National Transitional Council , which is based in the city . The council , in a statement , quoted Ashton as saying , "  It will be an honor to meet the people who have been fighting for democracy and a better future for Libya . I plan to meet key people from the National Transitional Council , civil society groups and our international partners , and will report back to EU Foreign Ministers on Monday . Opening an EU office is an important signal of our unfaltering support for the Libyan people . It is the EU putting words into action . " Also Saturday , Libyan rebels released four French nationals detained in Benghazi since May 11 . The four traveled to Egypt on Saturday , where they were taken in by French consular authorities , the French Foreign Ministry said . And in western Libya , a government bus carrying three foreigners working for international media organizations -- Phoenix TV , BBC and Reuters -- was attacked by an angry mob in Zawiya . The journalists were on their way to the Tunisian border . They escaped unharmed . Yijun Zhou , a reporter for Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV , said an angry crowd of dozens surrounded the bus and a man with a knife slashed the tires of the bus , kicked in the doors and climbed aboard followed by five more men . Reuters producer Guy Desmond , who was also on the bus , said at least two of the attackers had pistols and one had a knife . They shouted at the journalists , demanding to know their nationalities and employers.The journalists were taken to a police station for two hours before they returned to Tripoli to get another bus back to the border . Meanwhile , pro-Gadhafi forces have unleashed their biggest attack yet against a rebel stronghold in the mountains of western Libya , one of the Libyan leader 's former generals said . As of Friday night , one rebel was dead and three were wounded , one of them critically , the former commander said . He now commands rebels in Zintan , using the name Hajj Usama . The attack began Thursday when about 150 of Gadhafi 's infantry troops began firing on three fronts near Zintan , about 90 miles southwest of the capital , Tripoli . In response , Usama said he dispatched hundreds of fighters to cut off Gadhafi 's advance . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : European Union to open Benghazi office Sunday Four detained French citizens are released Libyan official says the airstrikes limit the flow of food and fuel into the country NATO says it struck Libyan warships that have been targeting humanitarian aid
The JetBlue pilot who was locked out of his cockpit and tackled by passengers after an apparent in-flight meltdown seven months ago will be freed . U.S. District Court Judge Mary Lou Robinson ruled Friday that Clayton Osbon should be released under the conditions that he continues mental health treatment as prescribed and does not try to get a pilot 's license , get on a plane without the court 's permission or communicate with anyone who was on his last flight . Osbon was flying an A320 aircraft from New York to Las Vegas on March 27 when , according to court documents , he started acting erratic , telling air traffic control to be quiet and saying things such as "  we 're not going to Vegas " and "  we 're all going down . " When he left the cockpit , the co-pilot changed the door lock and directed passengers to tackle Osbon and restrain him until the plane made an emergency landing in Amarillo , Texas , where he was arrested . Passengers captured some of the confrontation on cell phone cameras . Pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards In July , Osbon was found not guilty by reason of insanity but was kept in custody for mental health treatment at a federal medical center in Fort Worth , Texas . The next month , the court was notified that he had "  suffered a psychotic episode " and requested that his time in the facility be extended . In Robinson 's order releasing Obson , she notes a new report from the U.S. Bureau of Prisons found that Osbon 's release "  would not create a substantial risk of bodily injury to another person or serious damage to the property of another , a finding to which neither the Government or the defendant objects . " The exact date of his release is not specified , but the Bureau of Prisons is ordered to free him after making arrangements including "  mental health aftercare " and assigning him a probation officer . More than two dozen passengers on the flight are suing JetBlue for negligence in allowing Osbon to fly . That civil case continues .	Pilot Clayton Osbon to be released but must continue treatment Osbon was arrested in March after he had an apparent in-flight meltdown Osbon was found not guilty by reason of insanity in July but kept in custody for treatment
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's former President Pervez Musharraf is expected to be indicted next week in connection with the death of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , his lawyer said . Musharraf is not expected to be charged with murder , but over his alleged failure to provide adequate security for Bhutto , the lawyer Ahmed Raza Kasuri said Tuesday . Bhutto , Pakistan 's first female prime minister , was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007 , shortly after she came back to Pakistan from self-imposed exile to take part in the 2008 general elections . Musharraf was president at the time . Pakistani politicians choose PM 's ally as president A long investigation Investigators said former Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud plotted the assassination and paid the equivalent of about $ 4,500 to a network of Islamist militants to carry out the killing . But they also accuse Musharraf of failing to protect Bhutto . They say Musharraf rejected Bhutto 's request to use a western private security contractor for protection when she returned to Pakistan . They suggested Musharraf intentionally left Bhutto vulnerable because he felt politically threatened by her return . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with Bhutto 's killing . Musharraf 's lawyer said the charges expected next week are politically motivated and that Musharraf plans to plead not guilty . An investigation into Bhutto 's killing has lasted nearly six years . In May , gunmen killed a leading prosecutor working on the case , Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali . Prime minister : Musharraf should stand trial for treason Reversal of fortune Musharraf appeared Tuesday before an anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi that 's hearing the case , Kasuri said . The former military ruler is due to return to the court on August 6 , when he is expected to be indicted , he said . After the general elections in 2008 where his party was trounced , Musharraf stepped down as the governing coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He himself then went into self-imposed exile . Earlier this year , he returned to Pakistan in an attempt to revive his political career . It did n't work . Instead , he 's become entangled in a thicket of court cases related to his time as the country 's top leader . He has been under house arrest since April . Musharraf did receive one piece of good news Tuesday when the court in Rawalpindi agreed to unfreeze his assets in Pakistan and abroad . CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad ; Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Shaista Aziz also contributed to this report .	NEW : Musharraf plans to plead not guilty to the charges , his lawyer says The ex-president will appear in court next week where he 'll be indicted , the lawyer says The charges relate to the assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto in 2007 Musharraf is accused of failing to provide adequate security for Bhutto
The 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards were full of fun and glowing moments . Here are some of the best from the show : 1 . Rita Moreno sings ! The famed actress -- one of a handful of people to have won what 's called the "  EGOT "  Emmy , Grammy , Oscar , Tony  -- accepted the Life Achievement Award at the SAG Awards with all aspects of her forceful personality . She started with a curse , joked with presenter  and old "  Electric Company " friend  Morgan Freeman and concluded with a touching rendition of "  This Is All I Ask . " Now 82 , and more than 50 years removed from her "  West Side Story " Oscar , she promised that she 's "  early in the third act of my life . " Relive all the action with our live blog 2 . Bryan Cranston sings ! Well , not much . But following Moreno , the "  Breaking Bad " actor -- who won for lead actor in a TV drama -- launched into an impromptu rendition of "  I Won a SAG Award . " Then he turned modest , noting with some surprise how impressed he was when Emma Thompson came up to him . "  I lost it , " he said . "  I 've had so many crappy jobs in my life ... and the only thing that got me through was dreaming , one day , I could actually make a living as an actor . " SAG Awards winners list 3 . Lupita Nyong ` o 's acceptance . Nyong ` o , who won a supporting actress award for her performance in "  12 Years a Slave , " was positively giddy . "  I 'm ... " she giggled at one point , and had to take a breath and start the sentence again . She thanked Solomon Northup , who wrote the slave narrative on which the film was based , and director Steve McQueen , "  for taking a flashlight and shining it underneath the floorboards of this nation and reminding us what it is we stand on . " She said when she told her father she 'd gotten in a movie with Brad Pitt , he responded that he did n't "  know him personally , but I 'm glad you got a job . " She was glad , too . 2014 Oscar nominations announced 4 . Sofia Vergara 's assets . The "  Modern Family " star was directed to accept because "  America loves her and her boobs . " The Colombian-born actress said the award meant so much partly because she can barely speak English . As fellow cast members chuckled behind her , she thanked the show 's creators and writers , the crew , the network and , of course , "  my boobs . " "  Thank you so much , SAG , we 're going to party now ! " she concluded . 5 . Cuba Gooding 's closing . Gooding was n't supposed to close the show -- that was going to be done by presenter Ben Affleck -- but as the credits started rolling , Gooding ran up in a Kanye West-style moment , pushed Affleck aside , and said , "  Happy MLK ! Happy MLK weekend ! " He 'll have Monday 's holiday to enjoy all the Vines being made of his moment .	Rita Moreno curses , laughs , sings Bryan Cranston expresses awe at his good fortune Sofia Vergara puts herself forward
CNN  The director of "  Midnight Rider " has pleaded guilty to charges related to the 2014 death of a crew member while filming . Randall Miller pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass Monday morning in Wayne County  Georgia  Superior Court , Deputy Clerk of Courts Betty Taylor said . The National Transportation Safety Board announced on March 24 the probable cause of the accident was trespassing by the film 's crew . As part of the plea deal , Miller will spend two years behind bars and then serve eight years of probation . The deal prohibits him from directing films or being in any supervisory position in movies that would make him responsible for the safety of others for a period of 10 years . Miller , who was also ordered to pay $ 20,000 in fines and perform 360 hours of community service , was remanded in to custody of the sheriff to begin his sentence . A freight train hit members of the crew of the Gregg Allman biopic while they were working on a railroad bridge in February 2014 . Camera assistant Sarah Elizabeth Jones , 27 , was killed . The production had applied to the railroad company for permission to film on the bridge but was denied , according to the Savannah Morning News . Several other crew members were injured in the incident , CNN affiliate WTOC reported . ` Midnight Rider ' pair surrender to authorities Jones was mourned throughout the film community . Friends set up a Facebook group , Slates for Sarah , and her death was noted in the Academy Awards ' "  In Memoriam " montage . Three additional members of the production staff faced charges related to the incident . As part of the plea agreement with Miller , charges were dropped against Jody Savin , Miller 's wife and business partner , Taylor said . Miller and Savin are listed as owners of Unclaimed Fright Productions Inc. , the film 's production company , according to the indictment . Jay Sedrish , the film 's executive producer , also received 10 years of probation . As part of his plea deal , he will be banned from supervisory positions in films for 10 years . He was also ordered to pay a fine of $ 10,000 . A third member of the crew , first assistant director Hillary Schwartz , was found guilty after a bench trial , according to District Attorney Jackie Johnson 's office . Schwartz was sentenced to 10 years of probation and ordered to pay a fine of $ 5,000 . Like the others , he was ordered not to be involved in the safety of film crews . Schwartz had made a deal to provide testimony for the state if the case went to trial , according to the district attorney 's office . Jones ' parents were in court for the pleas and the trial of those involved in the death of their daughter , addressing the court before the sentencing of each , according to Johnson 's office . CNN 's Todd Leopold and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NTSB found probable cause of train accident was trespassing Sarah Elizabeth Jones was killed when a train hit movie crew members last year Director Randall Miller has pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass Railroad company denied permission to film on bridge , Savannah Morning News reports
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Most businesses would hate to see their customers running out their doors , but in one suburban strip mall near Denver , Colorado , they are chasing the customers away -- with a chainsaw . "  We 're ` hauntrepreneurs , ' we like to do things that are just a little bit different , " says KathE Walker , who owns four haunted houses in the Denver area . "  It 's really exciting because you know you 've done a good job , " Walker says . "  If they are running out screaming , then the actors have done their jobs , everybody has had a good time because they want to be scared . That 's why they come . "  If they 're not scared , they wo n't come back . " KathE Walker -- the capital E is n't a typo , "  it 's a '60s thing , " she says -- laughs a lot for a woman in the business of scaring her customers . Walker , 59 , runs her haunts with her husband and two grown sons . They spend the rest of the year making props for other haunted houses around the country and they throw a big science fiction convention each spring . Despite the tough economy , Walker says , business is good . She anticipates a total of 40,000-50 ,000 visitors , each paying $ 14.95 to get scared . She employs about 175 people for the Halloween season . Three of her haunts are in unused storefronts in suburban strip malls and a fourth operates out of trailers in a field near a state park . Visitors are also asked to contribute a can of food for a local food bank . Larry Kirchner , president of the Haunted House Association , says business is booming across the country for seasonal frightfests . The association says there are 2,000 for-profit haunts across the country , plus another 1,000 houses run for charity . Around 20 million fright-seekers will pay an average of $ 15 a visit this Halloween season , according to the group . That 's a surprising figure to some in these lean economic times . "  We feel very fortunate , " Walker says . "  I know that the economy is very scary for a lot of people . The people that we aim the haunted houses at are kids in high school and college , kids that have a lot more disposable income . They 're still living with their parents . "  We do n't draw a lot of people that are desperate to make their mortgages . ... It 's great date-night stuff . Guys love bringing their girlfriends here , they 're holding onto them . It 's fun . " It 's fun for Walker , too . While giving a tour of Slaughterhouse Gulch , which features a series of movie monsters , she giggles as a cluster of date-night teenagers scream and run from Leatherface , the villain from the "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre " films . "  You make some money , obviously that 's why you keep doing it , " she says . "  But for the most part we put a lot of money back into the haunted house so we can keep making them bigger and better . ... It can be kind of expensive . You cross your fingers each year hoping people will come . " Walker says she loves the challenge of scaring people . "  Some people come in and they say ` Oh you ca n't scare me , ' " she says . "  And they all end up running out of here , just terrified . " So what scares Walker ? "  Clowns . I hate clowns . It took me a long time to finally let clowns be in the haunted house . " ` Scaring people is really fun ' Walker staffs her haunted houses with teens and 20-somethings who seem to have as much fun as the patrons . In the makeup room , Chris Parish is getting ready for his first day on the job . He 'll be playing the guy chained in the bathtub from the movie "  Saw . " "  Today is my first day scheduled , so I actually get to get paid for scaring people , " he says . "  Scaring people is really fun and it 's something that I love to do . " Halloween is makeup artist Michael Garvin 's favorite time of year . He was laid off in July and has n't been able to find another job , but during October he works days at a costume shop and nights making up the 35-40 actors who fill two of Walker 's haunts . "  When I was really young I fell in love with Halloween and then horror movies , " he said . "  I love this . I 'd do this just for the fun of it , but the paycheck at the end of the month is a good thing . " Caity Strother is 18 and has had trouble finding a job . It 's her second year working in Slaughterhouse Gulch , where she specializes in portraying an undead ghoul . "  I 've filled out probably 50 applications in the last two months and gotten maybe four calls back , " she said . Years of Catholic school have given Strother a skill that prospective employers have not been impressed by , but she puts it to good use in the haunted house . "  I get to yell at people in Latin , " she says .	Denver-area "  hauntrepreneur " runs four haunted houses with husband , two adult sons Haunted House Association says business is booming despite the lean economy 20 million visitors are expected nationwide this year , each paying an average of $ 15 About a third of the 3,000 houses in the United States benefit charity , group says
CNN  -- For listeners of police scanners , last week 's tragic events offered one real-time drama after another . During the fertilizer plant explosion in Texas that claimed 14 lives and the Boston Marathon bombings and subsequent manhunt , dispatchers ' static-filled audio feeds offered periodic clues about what was happening on the ground . Listeners hungry for the most up-to-date police reports did n't need a scanner to keep up with the news -- many scanner feeds are available online , while some Twitter users type out what they hear on scanners in real time . Technology has given people more access to what 's being said on scanner feeds , often to the dismay of law enforcement agencies worried about the spread of misinformation and criminals eavesdropping on authorities ' tactical plans . Early Friday , as the night 's manhunt for the bombing suspects stretched into daylight , Broadcastify , the primary online source for scanner feeds , did something it had never done before : It voluntarily took all the Boston law enforcement feeds offline . Broadcastify licenses its streams to mobile apps such as 5-0 radio for iPhone or Scanner Radio on Android and is powered by an army of hobbyist volunteers -- local reporters , neighborhood watch members , off-duty public safety officers -- who just want to share what they 're hearing . They plug their scanner or radio into a computer and use special software to broadcast it online . Broadcastify streams around 3,500 scanner channels , including local law enforcement , fire departments , weather service , emergency medical services and the International Space Station . During peak traffic times last week , some 180,000 listeners were tuned in to Broadcastify feeds at once -- by far the most traffic the service had ever seen , said founder Lindsay Blanton . But when the Boston police posted a plea on Twitter asking that people not compromise the safety of officers by broadcasting what homes were being searched , Broadcastify obliged . Online , the curious quickly found alternative ways to tune in . Some people with their own scanners started live video streams of chatter from the radios in their homes . Others with access to scanners began tweeting out snippets of what they heard . Concerns about the safety of broadcasting police feeds have been amplified as technology has moved from clunky , home-bound radios to handheld radios , the Web and now mobile apps available on any smartphone . While law-abiding citizens can now listen in anywhere , criminals can , too . "  They  criminals  always carry radios or carry cellphones that have police scanners on them , " said Sgt. Richard Lewis of the Santa Monica , California , police . Broadcastify 's Blanton stands by his decision to take down the Boston channels , but he maintains that scanner feeds do more public good than harm . "  You 're going to be hard-pressed to evade law enforcement  by  reading stuff on Twitter , " said Blanton , who added he has never heard of a criminal successfully using the service to escape police . Safety first Even so , a number of safety precautions are already in place . More sensitive public safety information is often communicated over discreet channels , not the well-known dispatch channels . There is no law requiring public agencies to keep feeds publicly available , so many cities have opted to encrypt some or all of their transmissions . "  The decision to go encrypted was for the safety of officers and security of the community , because when you can hear us on a scanner so can bad guys , " said Lewis , the Santa Monica police sergeant . His department made the move from open radio channels to an encrypted system in 2008 . Since then , most complaints about being cut off have come from local reporters who use scanners to get tipped off to crimes . Upgrading to an encrypted system is n't a quick fix . The new equipment is expensive , and encryption comes with its own issues . It makes it difficult to communicate with other departments and agencies during an emergency . For example , the manhunt in Boston was a multiagency effort , involving federal and local command centers and various groups all trying to communicate with each other , which could n't have been done using just encrypted communication channels . For its part , Broadcastify time-delays all feeds for 30 to 90 seconds . Its terms of service prohibit providers from streaming sensitive feeds such as tactical , SWAT , narcotics and fire investigation channels as well as most federal government channels . A bad game of telephone The bigger concern for some is the spread of misinformation , which can contribute to confusion , panic and , in the case of the Boston bombings , mistaken identity . People communicating over the radio are often just as confused about fluid situations as their listeners are . Officials say anyone tuning into a live scanner feed , or reading a transcription of a feed on social media , should not assume that everything they 're hearing is accurate . Lewis said the earliest information to come across scanners can often be wrong , and that the first eyewitness reports can vary wildly from what investigators eventually discover to be true . "  You have to be very careful of what we hear , " he said . For example , a tweet surfaced Thursday night that incorrectly named a missing Brown University student as one of the suspects , citing police scanners as the source . The missing student 's family temporarily took down a Facebook page asking for help finding him after being bombarded by negative comments . In this way , an incorrect tweet can take on a life of its own as it is quickly retweeted and quoted . Any subsequent correction is seen only by people following that original person . Even with these challenges , Blanton has found that many agencies are happy to have people following the nonsensitive channels . A number of departments even share their official feeds with Broadcastify . "  On the law enforcement side , they welcome public involvement ; more eyes and ears on the ground , " Blanton said . "  A lot of agencies see the benefit of making available what they do . "	Police scanner streams and Twitter accounts saw traffic surge during events in Boston Experts warn that chatter on police feeds can be misleading and not always true The old hobby of listening to police reports has moved online and to mobile apps Broadcastify , the primary source for scanner feeds , streams around 3,500 scanner channels
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Amarynth Sichel grills cheese sandwiches and sells them to Columbia University students five nights a week . But Sichel 's not just a cook ; she 's also a college student and social entrepreneur-in-training . Sichel is the president of one of 23 "  FeelGood World " chapters on U.S. college campuses , where students donate time and cooking skills to raise money for charity . Social entrepreneurship has surged on American campuses in the past few years , according to Melanie Edwards , who lectures on the subject at Stanford University . "  I believe the rise in ` Social E ' publicity , coupled with the heightened social problems in our U.S. economy and the world , speaks to the millenials , " Edwards said . A growing number of college applicants ask about Stanford 's social entrepreneurship program before applying , and freshman enrollment in "  Social E " classes has increased , she said . "  I was a devout grilled cheese-maker in high school , so for me , joining FeelGood was a must , " said Sichel . "  I have always been committed to groups that are dedicated to uplifting the world . When you know you 're working for your global family , that 's a powerful motivator . " Sandwich sales help sustainable village programs , including CHOICE Humanitarian and The Hunger Project . The social entrepreneurship trend has many schools rethinking curriculum and recruiting strategies . Harvard recently introduced courses in social entrepreneurship and rewards students ' social startups in its annual Innovation Challenge . Columbia joined the "  College Challenge " -- a competition among 17 colleges to determine which academic institution has the greatest commitment to civic engagements . At Babson College , all freshmen take a two-semester course that includes 20 hours of community service . Students are required to create an idea and launch a venture funded by the college . They pay back their seed funding with money from sales at the end of the course . Babson now offers 17 courses in social entrepreneurship , up from five classes in 2005 . Stanford 's alternative spring break has students visiting social enterprises ranging from education to criminal rehabilitation . Students can also apply for grants to help build their own social enterprises . Sophomore Nishant Jacob said he chose Stanford because of its "  Social E " opportunities . "  Coming to Stanford was an amazing way to get immersed in the world of ` Social E ' , " said Jacob , who ran a small startup in Bangalore before being admitted to Stanford . New York University sponsors an annual competition that provides $ 1,000 seed grants and a prize of $ 20,000 for teams that develop organizations with a positive , sustainable and measurable impact on their communities . The level of enthusiasm and participation has increased among students worldwide , according to Gabriel Brodbar , director of NYU 's Reynolds Program in Social Entrepreneurship . "  There is a greater recognition today among young people that regardless of sector or profession , they have an active responsibility to meaningfully address some of the intractable social challenges that we are facing , " said Brodbar , who is developing a university-wide "  Social E " concentration . As for Sichel , she 's addressing those social challenges by making one grilled cheese at a time .	"  FeelGood World " has 23 chapters on U.S. campuses Students learn how to start social enterprises "  Social entrepreneurship " grows as a subject of study for U.S. college students Harvard , Columbia and Stanford are among the universities offering "  Social E " courses
CNN  -- Authorities in Oklahoma have arrested and charged a 23-year-old man who they say planned to blow up 48 area churches . Gregory Arthur Weiler II was arrested last week at a motel in Miami , Oklahoma , according to Ben Loring , first assistant district attorney for Ottawa County . Authorities were tipped off to the plot by workers at the motel about 90 miles northeast of Tulsa . One discovered a duffel bag full of Molotov cocktails near the outside trash , while a room service employee reported suspicious items in Weiler 's room , said Loring . Police searched the room and allegedly found various documents outlining his plan to set off bombs at 48 churches in and around Miami . Among the documents were a list of churches , a hand-drawn map with the churches grouped and circled , instructions for making Molotov cocktails and a handwritten journal , said Loring . Some of the documents had been torn up and needed to be assembled . Loring said one of the journal entries read as follows : "  Self-Promote for the next 4 years while beginning list of goals written out in Oklahoma having to do with destroying and removing church buildings from U.S. , a tiny bit at a time -- setting foundation for the years to follow . " Authorities also recovered 50 brown glass bottles with cloth wicks attached by duct tape , a funnel and a 5-gallon gasoline can , Loring said . Weiler was charged Friday with threatening to use an explosive or incendiary device and violating the Oklahoma Anti-Terrorism Act . He is being held without bond . Weiler appeared in court Monday and was appointed representation -- attorneys Andrew Meloy and Daniel Giraldi , said Loring . Both work at the Hartley Law Firm . A woman answering the phone there said that the office would have no comment . The suspect , who is from Illinois , is expected to appear in court next on October 22 . FBI using social media in hunt for ` wanted terrorist ' French police kill terror suspect , arrest 10	Gregory Arthur Weiler II was arrested at a motel last week Authorities found bomb-making materials and a handwritten journal He is charged with threatening to use an explosive or incediary device He also is charged with violating the Oklahoma Anti-Terrorism Act
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles fire officials say they 're worried that nighttime winds could push two major wildfires , which already are blamed in two deaths , closer to pricey neighborhoods on the Pacific coast . Fire draws near homes in the Los Angeles-area community of Porter Ranch , California , on Monday . "  We are concerned about what will happen tonight when the winds pick up , " Los Angeles Fire Chief Douglas Barry said Monday . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger Monday declared a state of emergency Monday in Los Angeles and Ventura counties because of the fires . Democratic Rep. Brad Sherman , whose district covers the area where the fire is burning , called on President Bush to issue a federal disaster declaration for the area . At least two people have died because of the blazes , which have burned 8,000 acres in the hills and mountains of Los Angeles and Ventura counties , fire and police officials said . One was identified as a man who died in a makeshift wood-and-cardboard shelter and appeared to be homeless . A dog 's body also was found . The other victim was killed in a collision of motorists who were trying to exit a freeway that was closed because of one of the wildfires , a fire official said . No identity or age was available for either victim . "  Winds are causing fire conditions to change by the hour , " Schwarzenegger said in a statement released Monday . "  Several thousand acres have already burned with minimal containment and more acres are threatened . " iReport.com : Are wildfires affecting you ? Residents downwind were warned to remain alert into the night . "  It can go from here to the ocean in a matter of two to three hours , " said Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky , The Associated Press reported . Barry said investigators have not determined a cause for either blaze . Fire officials warned that strong winds , predicted to reach more than 60 mph after 11 p.m. , could send fire roaring south down the Pacific coast near Highway 101 . Officials have shut two freeways north of Los Angeles and authorities dispatched water-dropping helicopters and more than 200 fire engines as the blaze "  started to push toward the city , " said John Tripp of the Los Angeles County Fire Department . About 350 police officers are on the scene , patrolling evacuated neighborhoods and warning residents ahead of the flames . Officials shut down part of Interstate 210 , also known as the Foothill Freeway , and any residents north of the freeway were under a mandatory evacuation order . The fire jumped the interstate in one spot and headed toward the Lake View Terrace area . A portion of State Route 118 , known as the Ronald Reagan Freeway , also was closed . The larger of the two fires has charred more than 3,500 acres in the Angeles National Forest , officials said . See video of the Angeles National Forest fire " That fire destroyed several structures , including about 30 mobile homes in the Lopez Canyon area , said Los Angeles County fire inspector Sam Padilla . The mobile homes had been evacuated Sunday . The other fire , burning nearby , is expected to expand as the winds push the flames away from the center . In San Diego County , a wildfire that began on an explosives training range at Camp Pendleton had grown to more than 1,500 acres by nightfall and forced the evacuation of 1,400 homes , The AP reported . In northern California , a wildfire that started Sunday on Angel Island in San Francisco Bay had spread across 250 acres as of Monday morning but had n't damaged any buildings in the historic state park , a Marin County fire official said . See video of the Angel Island fire "	NEW : California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger Monday declares a state of emergency NEW : Officials warn fire could possibly reach ocean in matter of hours Winds could push fires to pricey neighborhoods near coast , officials say Two deaths are connected to fires in Los Angeles , Ventura counties , officials say
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- France 's new Socialist government is already causing ripples throughout a Europe struggling to balance government budgets without making ordinary people 's lives miserable , but it has created a completely different problem in the Middle East . The prime minister 's last name , it turns out , sounds like an Arabic slang word for penis . His name is Jean-Marc Ayrault . Pronounced properly in French , the last name is very much like a moderately rude Lebanese and Palestinian term that is widely understood in the Arabic world . The name has left broadcasters trying to determine if they should pronounce it as the prime minister does -- "  ai-roh " -- or if they should resort to voicing the "  L " and "  T " in the written word . An editor at the pan-Arabic network Al-Arabiya said the network would pronounce the name in the French way . "  We can not change names , so we have to deal with it and live with it . We have to be professional , " said the editor , who asked not to be named because of the subject matter . Al-Arabiya is writing the name in Arabic in a way that makes clear it is not the offensive word . CNNArabic decided to pronounce Ayrault 's name by voicing the last two letters in the written word . The French Foreign Ministry said it was aware of the issue but had no comment . The office of the French president , sounding amused , referred CNN questions to the prime minister 's office , which had no comment . The story echoes reports that two years ago , Pakistan wanted to appoint an ambassador to Saudi Arabia whose name sounds like an even more offensive word for penis in Arabic . But Pakistani diplomat Akbar Zeb denied the story , telling the Globe and Mail in Canada , where he is posted , that there had never been a plan to send him to Riyadh . CNN 's Rachel Ramsay contributed to this report .	Jean-Marc Ayrault 's last name sounds like a rude word in Arabic slang Arab broadcasters are trying to figure out how to handle the name on air We "  have to deal with it " and be professional , an Al-Arabiya editor says
CNN  -- Prince William went back to school this week . To Cambridge University , to be precise , where he will undertake a tailor-made , 10-week course in agricultural management . When he completes the course , new father William wo n't have earned a degree ; he wo n't walk out with a doctorate or a masters ; in fact he wo n't receive any formal qualifications at all , but he will have gained a beginner 's knowledge of how to manage the Duchy of Cornwall Estate -- a vast Â # 760 million  about $ 1.25 billion  entity established in 1337 to provide a private income for use by the reigning monarch 's eldest son , which William will inherit when Prince Charles becomes King . As with most matters relating to the monarchy his enrollment has had a polarizing effect : the news was met with staunch criticism amid a smattering of praise , with some university students declaring he 'd been given a "  free pass " because of his royal status . Others went so far as to describe his admittance as an "  insult " to those already studying at Cambridge . Not surprisingly , people have been quick to jump on the critical band wagon without taking a moment to actually understand exactly what it is he 's doing at the university . But since when has receiving further education of any description been something negative ? The type of course William is undertaking is open to pretty much anyone who has the money to pay for it -- land owners , company executives , the posh set . Is it an elitist course ? Perhaps . But who could argue that William does not hold an elite position ? Entry for this particular program is not reliant on past grades or previous academic records . Professor Ross Anderson of Cambridge University 's Computer Laboratory told the Cambridge News : "  Whether they have any A-levels at all is no more relevant than the price of tea in China . " William 's course was organized by the Cambridge Program for Sustainability Leadership  CPSL  , whose patron is the Prince of Wales , himself a former Cambridge graduate . Charles has been clear regarding his concerns for the welfare of Britain 's countryside , and it would appear William is keen to educate himself and continue his father 's mission . Surely it is better that he learn how to do it properly of his own initiative than screw it up down the line because his A-level results did n't live up to the Cambridge ideal . It 's no secret that William would like to delay leading a full royal life for as long as possible . That may be hard to comprehend for those slogging away to make ends meet on the minimum wage , but perhaps understandable given that there is no retirement age in a job that calls for a lifetime of service to crown and country . Rather than attending lectures and seminars and writing essays on economics and land economy , I expect William would rather bolt to Mustique with the Middleton family in the coming weeks for what has become something of a traditional winter break -- as would many of the hoi polloi , no doubt . But having completed service in all three branches of the British military , performed his first investiture on behalf of the Queen , and represented the Queen for the first time at a State visit , William is now preparing more extensively for the role he will one day fulfill . His royal engagements have been stepped up , and he and the Duchess of Cambridge will undertake a tour to Australia and New Zealand in April . Furthering his education is the natural next step . Personally I would rather see William fork over private funds in preparation for his future role than squander said funds on Treasure Chest cocktails at Mahiki , the royals ' perennial favorite nightclub . Wherever there are fortunes and family firms , there are heirs to fortunes and family firms . The children of both Richard Branson and Donald Trump have joined their respective family businesses and done exceptionally well . Why ? Because they learned their trade beforehand . Others have enjoyed all the benefits of wealth and a globally-recognized family name only to stumble out of nightclubs and make sex tapes . Surely it can only be a good thing that William has gone back to school . His course is being paid for privately , not through the public purse . He 's putting in the work , and ultimately the British countryside stands to benefit from what he learns . I imagine Oxford would have been mighty chuffed to have a second heir to the throne walking its hallowed halls . The city of Cambridge is certain to enjoy a rise in tourism due to its famous pupil . Interest in the university itself will increase , and perhaps inquiries about higher education in general will spike . To me , it seems perfectly fitting that the Duke of Cambridge actually attend Cambridge . He could have hightailed it to Cambridge , Massachusetts , of course -- but then people really would be up in arms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria Arbiter .	Prince William began an agricultural management course at Cambridge University He will gain knowledge of how to manage the Duchy of Cornwall Estate Victoria Arbiter : The news was met with staunch criticism amid a smattering of praise William is keen to educate himself and continue his father 's mission , she writes
Washington  CNN  -- David Nieland , who helped draw attention to what he said were shortcomings in the government 's probe of a Secret Service prostitution scandal , resigned from his job at the Department of Homeland Security inspector general on Aug. 9 , months after he was caught up police prostitution sting . Deputies in Broward county , Florida , conducting an anti-prostitution operation on May 2 stopped Nieland after he was seen entering and leaving a location they were monitoring for prostitution activity , according to U.S. government sources . Nieland was an investigator with the DHS inspector general , who claimed that political interference appeared to cause the inspector general to hold back findings in an investigation of Secret Service agents involved with prostitutes in Cartagena , Colombia . The Office of Inspector General confirmed that Nieland "  separated " from federal service in August , but added "  As a matter of policy , the OIG does not comment on investigative or personnel matters . " U.S. government sources said Nieland , wearing casual clothing including khakis , told deputies who stopped him he was there as a law enforcement officer working on an anti-human trafficking operation . His story prompted the deputies to stop their operation , for fear of conflicting with a federal probe , according to those U.S. government sources . Nieland told his bosses that he had been stopped because of a broken taillight , but his superiors found out from local authorities that he was caught in the local prostitution operation . CNN attempted to reach Nieland in recent weeks without success . He told the New York Times the story was n't true . Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigns	David Nieland was an investigator with the DHS inspector general He raised concerns over OIG trying to investigate the Secret Service involvement with prostitutes Nieland was spotted by Broward County Sheriffs Deputies who were conducting an anti-prostitution operation
Mashable  -- The premiere plastic guitar game just flamed out . Activision , beset by falling sales , has decided to shutter the division that created "  Guitar Hero " and its sequels . It 's an ignominious exit for a title that was once touted as the first great game franchise of the 21st century . "  Guitar Hero " was created in 2005 by indie studio RedOctane , in collaboration with Harmonix , which had previously found success with the "  Karaoke Revolution " franchise . "  Karaoke Revolution , " where players plugged microphones into their consoles and were scored on the accuracy of their singing , was the first game to show a significant number of videogamers were interested in making "  music . " RedOctane 's "  Guitar Hero " proved they were equally interested in shredding a plastic guitar . Activision purchased the franchise in 2006 for $ 100 million ; to date it has shipped more than 25 million units for a roughly $ 2 billion ROI . "  Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock " made $ 1 billion on its own . Harmonix went on to publish the highly successful "  Rock Band " franchise , which added drums , microphones and keyboards to the plastic guitar mix . How the mighty have fallen . The holiday season was a disastrous one for the music game genre . First Harmonix was sold by Viacom to a consortium of shareholders ; the terms were undisclosed , but it was reported to be a fire sale . MTV Games , which collaborated with Harmonix on "  Rock Band , " was shut down . "  Guitar Heroes : Warriors of Rock , " the sixth title in the series , received lackluster reviews and even more lackluster sales . Activision posted a $ 233 million net loss for the fourth quarter . Its decision to lay off the 500-person "  Guitar Hero " division was , Activision said in a press release today , "  due to continued declines in the music genre . " So what stopped the music ? The first culprit : oversaturation . There are just too many games competing in the genre  "  Band Hero " and "  DJ Hero , " anyone ?  , with too many pricey controllers . A "  Warriors of Rock " guitar bundle will set you back $ 80 . Considering many of the controllers do not play nice with similar games , that 's a lot of dough to drop on pretend jamming . Secondly , there 's the novelty factor . The dynamics of the game changed little from one title to the next , despite the introduction of innovations such as a touch-sensitive slide bar on later guitar controllers . At a certain stage , users are going to be more interested in picking up a real guitar . The series also felt like it was running out of great rock anthems for users to emulate . Reviews of "  Warriors of Rock " complained that the set list seemed dull and full of synth-heavy tunes . Finally , of course , Activision is n't going to stop actually selling "  Guitar Hero " titles any time soon . If you 're interested in becoming a maestro of the pretend Gibson , you can still pick up the "  Guitar Hero " back catalog and buy extra songs online . "  Guitar Hero " and "  Rock Band " may one day be seen as a classic party game , pulled out of the closet at holidays and special gatherings , the way we play Monopoly or Scrabble today . Maybe it 's time you introduced Grandma to the plastic guitar . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	It 's an ignominious exit for a title that was touted as the first great franchise of the 21st century The series felt like it was running out of great rock anthems for users to emulate "  Guitar Hero " was created in 2005 by indie studio RedOctane
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The beautifully ornate Catholic church in the nation 's capital has seen its share of history and controversy . Cardinal Theodore McCarrick and Chief Justice John Roberts attend Red Mass in 2005 . In 1963 , the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle was the site of John F. Kennedy 's funeral . After the service , on the steps outside , the slain president 's young son famously saluted his father 's memory . But the church is also the site of an annual Mass that has drawn criticism for what many see as an unhealthy mix of politics , the law and religion . Washington 's annual Red Mass , which celebrates the legal profession , will be held this year on Sunday , October 4 -- the day before the Supreme Court begins its new term . Several justices traditionally attend , along with congressional leaders , diplomats , cabinet secretaries and other dignitaries . Past presidents have also attended , though there is no word yet on whether President Obama will appear . It is a Catholic service , but power brokers of other faiths are asked to attend the invitation-only event . Justice Stephen Breyer , who is Jewish , is a regular . The Mass "  takes its name from the color of the vestments . ... -LSB- It -RSB- goes back centuries , to Rome , to France to England , " Washington Archbishop Donald Wuerl said . "  There was the idea -LSB- to -RSB- bring all the people who are involved in the law ... once a year so that together , they can simply pray for the wisdom of God . " The church , built starting in the 19th century , is considered one of Washington 's hidden gems . Tucked between modern office buildings a few blocks from the White House , it is a mix of architectural styles , a hint of ancient Roman style , a splash from the Italian Renaissance and a definite Byzantine flavor . St. Matthew , noted Monsignor Ronald Jameson , was the patron saint of civil servants , appropriate in a city where the federal government dominates the workforce . Five justices attended last year 's Red Mass , which was similar in tone to other recent gatherings . Cardinal John Patrick Foley , who has held several prominent positions in the Catholic Church , noted many parts of the Bible "  sound very much like American ideals " and reminded the members of the high court to build a society "  of justice , of peace and of love . " Critics of the service , however , find the attendance of leading decision-makers , including members of the highest court in the land , to be inappropriate . "  The truth is , this was set up as a way to basically lecture and give information to the justices , " said the Rev. Barry Lynn , president of Americans United for Separation of Church and State . "  There is no other institution that has this special way to talk to the justices on the Supreme Court . " The Red Mass was started in Washington in 1952 by the John Carroll Society , a lay Catholic group of prominent lawyers and professionals . Chief Justice John Roberts ' wife , Jane , is an officer of the group . Lynn , an ordained minister with the United Church of Christ , noted the Mass was begun after several high court decisions that were disapproved of by the archdiocese . "  They figured if they got all the justices together and chatted them up in a worship service , they might be able to convince them to see the law their way , " he said . In 1989 , a top church official used the occasion of the Mass to call for a return to "  religiously based moral values " and lament the "  inviolable , impenetrable and towering wall " between church and state . In 1986 , Washington Cardinal James Hickey attacked the Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade ruling legalizing abortion . Among those in attendance that year were then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and William Brennan , both Catholics . One member of the court who no longer attends is Ruth Bader Ginsburg who , like Breyer , is Jewish . Ginsberg said she grew tired of being lectured to by Catholic officials . "  I went one year , and I will never go again , because this sermon was outrageously anti-abortion , " Ginsburg said in the book "  Stars of David : Prominent Jews talk About Being Jewish " by author Abigail Pogrebin . "  Even the Scalias , although they 're much of that persuasion , were embarrassed for me . " Six Catholics now sit on the high court : Roberts , Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor . Church officials , however , said they do not attempt to lobby or seek to persuade anyone who attends the service . Wuerl likens the experience to putting aside the partisanship and troubles in the world and seeking comfort in a shared community and a sacred place . Americans have "  been very careful about ... not allowing any one tradition or church to become the state church , " he said . "  But from the very beginning , we 've always said we need to hear the voice of faith in all the discussion that is a part of determining what we want to do . " Lynn takes a different tack . "  I do n't think there is any doubt that people in that congregation , including the Supreme Court justices , are going to listen to what is said . They might hear something phrased in a way you might never hear it in the court , but it might become a lingering factor in their decisions . ... People who are concerned about the Red Mass worry about this kind of undue influence , an influence that no other group , religious or otherwise , has on those nine men and women . " Their sharply differing perspectives show that , more than two centuries after the Constitution 's ratification , the interpretation of the First Amendment and the role of religion in American society remain hotly contested questions . CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	Annual Catholic Mass in Washington celebrates the legal profession It began in 1952 ; several Supreme Court justices regularly attend It is touted as a chance for those involved in law to pray for wisdom Critic says Mass set up to "  lecture and give information to the justices "
CNN  -- When Lydia Ko swung to victory at the Canadian Women 's Open Sunday , she became the youngest-ever winner in LPGA Tour history . Currently the world 's top-ranked female amateur golfer , Ko , 15 , also became the tour 's fifth-ever amateur champion -- its first since 1969 . The glove she wore during her final round will become part of the World Golf Hall of Fame 's collection . "  I was most impressed with just her demeanor , " fellow player Stacey Lewis told reporters in quotes carried by LPGA.com . Lewis is ranked second in the Women 's World Golf Rankings . "  I mean you would have never known that it was the final round of an LPGA event . She played like she had been there before . " Ko 's success followed triumphs earlier this year at the U.S. Women 's Amateur in Ohio and the New South Wales open at the Australian LPGA . The latter competition saw her crowned as the youngest-ever winner of a professional golf tour event , although her record was broken in June . However , she could not claim the US$ 300,000 first-place check on Sunday . As an amateur , she is not allowed to accept sponsors or prize money , relying on donations instead . The South-Korean-born New Zealander said she plans to remain an amateur for the time being . In addition to her blossoming golfing career , she intends to complete high school , and reportedly has her eye on attending Stanford for college . "  I mean this is a great win , but I do n't think this will affect me changing my roots to my career , " she told reporters . Next up , Ko will play at the Women 's British Open in September .	Lydia Ko became youngest-ever winner in LPGA Tour history at Canadian Women 's Open Ko , 15 , became LPGA tour 's fifth-ever amateur champion -- its first since 1969 Ko also won U.S. Women 's Amateur in Ohio and New South Wales open at Australian LPGA this year Ko plans to maintain amateur status for time being
CNN  -- The NBA Finals are now all-square at 2-2 after the Dallas Mavericks defeated the Miami Heat 86-83 in a thrilling Game Four of the best-of-seven-series . Once again in-form Dirk Nowitzki top scored for the Mavericks , scoring 21 points , with 10 of these coming in the final quarter , as the lead changed hands no fewer than 12 times on Tuesday . German Nowitzki , who performed to his best despite suffering from a fever , also helped himself to 11 rebounds , while Shawn Marion scored 16 points and Tyson Chandler finished with 13 points and 16 rebounds for the Mavericks . Wade turns up Heat on Mavericks Jason Terry and DeShawn Stevenson made significant contributions from the bench , coming on to score 17 and 11 points respectively for the Mavericks in front of a crowd of 20,430 at the American Airlines Center . However , the game 's overall top scorer was Dwyane Wade with 32 points for the Heat , while Chris Bosh helped himself to 24 points . But LeBron James struggled to find his shooting form , finishing with just eight points in a disappointing display . Game five is in Dallas on Thursday before the series switches back to Miami for game six on Sunday . This year 's final is a rematch of the 2006 NBA championship series that Miami took in six games for its first title in franchise history . Dallas has never won the NBA title in its 31-year history .	Dallas Mavericks defeat Miami Heat 86-83 to win Game Four of the NBA Finals The result means the teams are all-square at 2-2 in the best-of-seven series The final is a rematch of the 2006 NBA championship series that Miami won in six
