CNN  -- Security forces under Hamas rule have tortured Gaza prisoners during the group 's five years of rule , a new report said Wednesday . The Human Rights Watch report also documents "  serious abuses " in Gaza 's criminal justice system , such as arbitrary arrests , incommunicado detentions and unfair trials in the Palestinian territory of Gaza since the Hamas political movement took control in 2007 . "  After five years of Hamas rule in Gaza , its criminal justice system reeks of injustice , routinely violates detainees ' rights , and grants impunity to abusive security services , " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director for Human Rights Watch , said in an online posting Wednesday . "  Hamas should stop the kinds of abuses that Egyptians , Syrians , and others in the region have risked their lives to bring to an end . " Read more : Opinion : Hamas at a crossroads In a bullet-point statement on its website , Hamas ' Interior Ministry disputed the report 's accuracy and called it biased and political . Titled "  Abusive System : Criminal Justice in Gaza , " the 43-page report said "  there is ample evidence that Hamas security services are torturing people in custody with impunity and denying prisoners their rights . " The group said Hamas has executed at least three men "  convicted on the basis of ` confessions ' apparently obtained under torture . " Human Rights Watch says the rivalry between the Palestinian movements of Hamas and of Fatah , which prevails in the West Bank , "  remains a significant factor " behind many of the alleged Hamas detainee abuses The group said the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority "  arrests and detains Palestinians arbitrarily , including Hamas members or sympathizers , and similarly subjects detainees to torture and abuse . " Read more : Can rival Palestinian factions reach unity deal ? Human Rights Watch 's findings are also consistent with increasing reports of abuse by security forces in Gaza against detainees accused of nonpolitical crimes , including people accused of drug offenses and fraud . Some of the cases documented have been "  against people detained on suspicion of collaborating with Israel or the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank . Collaboration is a serious crime under Palestinian law , but suspicion of collaboration does not justify torture or other abuse . " Abdel Karim Shrair , for example , was charged with collaborating with Israel , the report said . His family and lawyer said he was tortured . But the group said military courts did n't "  adequately address Shrair 's claims of torture . " Last year , a firing squad executed Shrair . According to the report , "  his mother said that Hamas authorities had prohibited the family from burying him , and that police beat her when she tried to hold his body during the interment . " "  There is ample evidence that Hamas security services are torturing people in custody with impunity and denying prisoners their rights , " Stork said . "  The Gaza authorities should stop ignoring the abuse and ensure that the justice system respects Palestinians ' rights . " Islam Shawran , a spokesman for Hamas ' Interior Ministry , said Hamas gave Human Rights Watch all of the information it requested , but was surprised that it was n't taken into consideration . And why , he asks , is the reporting about incidents from 2007 and 2008 now being released ? "  It is obvious because it is a cover for the Zionist occupation . Also this report did not discuss the basic human needs of the Gaza people by discussing the Israeli siege on the Gaza Strip and did not indicate to any of the violations committed by the Israeli Zionist enemy to our Palestinian prisoners inside the Israeli jails and prisons , " he said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	Intra-Palestinian rivalry is a "  significant factor ' behind abuses , report says Three executed men apparently confessed under torture , Human Rights Watch says Hamas calls the report inaccurate , biased and political
Among the targets of U.S. strikes across Syria early Tuesday was the Khorasan Group -- a collection of senior al Qaeda members who have moved into Syria . President Obama called them "  seasoned al Qaeda operatives . " "  Once again , it must be clear to anyone who would plot against America and try to do Americans harm that we will not tolerate safe havens for terrorists who threaten our people , " Obama said . The strikes targeted "  training camps , an explosives and munitions production facility , a communication building and command and control facilities , " the military said in a statement . The group was actively plotting against a U.S. homeland target and Western targets , a senior U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday . The United States hoped to surprise the group by mixing strikes against it with strikes against ISIS targets . The official said the group posed an "  imminent " threat . Another U.S. official later said the threat was not imminent in the sense that there were no known targets or attacks expected in the next few weeks . The plots were believed to be in an advanced stage , the second U.S. official said . There were indications that the militants had obtained materials and were working on new improvised explosive devices that would be hard to detect , including common hand-held electronic devices and airplane carry-on items such as toiletries . The intelligence community discovered Khorasan plots against the United States within the past week , an intelligence source with knowledge of the matter told CNN . The intelligence source did not give an intended target but said the plots potentially involved a bomb made of a nonmetallic device like a toothpaste container or clothes dipped in explosive material . A plot involving concealed bombs on airplanes "  was just one option they were looking at " a U.S. official briefed on the matter told CNN 's Pamela Brown . Social media video posted Tuesday purported to show the aftermath of strikes in the small town of Kafr Deryan , some 25 miles  40 kilometers  west of Aleppo , in an area controlled by Jabhat al Nusra , the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria . ` Yet another threat to the homeland ' Khorasan 's existence was publicly acknowledged only last week , when U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said it was operating in Iraq and Syria , with a focus on exporting terror to the West . "  There is potentially yet another threat to the homeland , yes , " he told an intelligence conference in Washington . CENTCOM 's statement spoke of "  action to disrupt the imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests " by al Qaeda veterans in Khorasan , who had "  established a safe haven in Syria to develop external attacks , construct and test improvised explosive devices and recruit Westerners to conduct operations . " One of those veterans is believed to be Muhsin al Fadhli , a short and slight Kuwaiti who is 33 years old . A security source in the Middle East tells CNN that al Fadhli arrived in Syria in April 2013 and began working with Jabhat al Nusra . Nine months later , Clapper sounded the first warning about al Nusra 's goals beyond Syria , saying it "  does have aspirations for attacks on the homeland . " At some point , al Fadhli appears to have parted company with al Nusra -- perhaps , according to the source , because it saw him as in league with Iran , where he had been based as al Qaeda 's senior representative . The source says al Fadhli 's new focus on "  external operations " was revealed by one of his bodyguards , named as Abu Rama , who was recently arrested by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Train abroad , take the terror back home The source says al Fadhli is trying to emulate the success of ISIS in using social media to recruit Westerners -- people who could be trained and then sent home to launch terror attacks . To this end , al Fadhli has been able to recruit a member of ISIS ' media team to help with recruitment for Khorasan . Another key figure in Khorasan appears to be a Saudi national : Abd Al-Rahman Muhammad al Juhni . Soon after al Fadhli arrived in Syria , so did al Juhni -- "  accompanied by several individuals to participate in the fighting there , " according to a U.S. Treasury Department designation . He was described as "  part of a group of senior al Qaeda members in Syria formed to conduct external operations against Western targets . " Al Juhni is also experienced at moving funds and had a senior position in al Qaeda in Pakistan , running its communications courier network . According to his U.S. designation , al Juhni later became al Qaeda 's chief of security responsible for counterintelligence . Now on Saudi Arabia 's list of its 47 most wanted terror suspects , al Juhni 's skill set would be well-suited to Khorasan 's purported goals . U.S. intelligence officials are concerned that the Khorasan cell may include operatives who have learned from Ibrahim al Asiri , the master bombmaker of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , who has twice come close to bringing down Western airliners with ingeniously devised bombs . Counterterrorism sources have frequently told CNN in recent years of their fears that al Asiri has passed on his skills to apprentice bombmakers . Troubling ties on the Arabian Peninsula U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , has also described Khorasan as "  forward-deployed al Qaeda operatives who were engaging with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to develop a terror plot to bring down airplanes . " AQAP is based in Yemen , where al Fadhli has had contacts in the past . When he was scarcely 20 , according to U.S. officials , he was involved in financing a suicide attack in October 2002 against on an oil tanker , the MV Limburg , in the Red Sea , an attack carried out by Yemenis from the city of Taiz . He also plotted an attack on a hotel in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , where American officials were known to stay . Before that , he had fought as a teenager with the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan and was also "  reported to have been among the few trusted al Qaeda operatives who received advance notification " of the 9/11 attacks , according to his designation by the U.S. Treasury Department . Al Fadhli was designated as a terrorist by the United States in 2005 as "  a major facilitator " for al Qaeda and Abu Musab al Zarqawi , then terrorizing Iraq . He had access to plenty of money from private donors in Kuwait . According to court testimony , he had been involved in a group called the Peninsula Lions in Kuwait and had experimented with explosives while planning an attack on U.S. troops at the Arifjan Camp in Kuwait . Al Fadhli escaped . Wanted in Saudi Arabia and convicted in absentia in Kuwait , he vanished for a while before resurfacing in Iran as al Qaeda 's most senior representative there . In 2012 , the U.S. State Department said al Fadhli was moving fighters and money through Turkey to Syria , leveraging his extensive network of Kuwaiti jihadist donors . He also gained what may prove to be invaluable experience "  moving multiple operatives from Pakistan via Iran and Turkey to destinations in Europe , North Africa , and Syria , " the State Department said . Just why he left Iran last year is unclear , but about the same time , other al Qaeda figures , including Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , Suleiman Abu Ghaith , also began leaving Iran -- perhaps not entirely willingly . A good way for al Qaeda to counter ISIS For al Qaeda , locked in a battle with ISIS for the crown of leading global jihad , the creation of Khorasan makes perfect sense . Just last week , a spokesman for al Qaeda confronted the group 's critics in an audio message . "  So how then can al Qaeda have shrunken greatly and lost many of its senior leaders at a time when it is expanding horizontally and opening new fronts dependent on it ? " asked spokesman Hossam Abdul Raouf . He also quoted a U.S. terror analyst , Katherine Zimmerman : "  Al Qaeda affiliates have evolved and now threaten the United States as much as  if not more than  the core group ; they can no longer be dismissed as mere local al Qaeda franchises . " Now -- with extensive contacts throughout the region and experience in raising funds and moving people -- al Fadhli and al Juhni have embarked on the next phase of their careers in terrorism , one that may be the most dangerous to the West . The U.S. Central Command 's use of the phrase "  imminent attack planning " may explain why the group was a first wave target . The Middle Eastern security source told CNN Sunday that al Fadhli was believed to be operating near the town of Binnish in Idlib province -- which would have put him in the general area of the airstrikes . Still unknown : whether al Fadhli and al Juhni survived to continue that planning .	Official : Khorasan plot involving concealed bombs on airplanes "  was just one option " The threat from the Khorasan Group was not imminent , a U.S. official says One feared operative is Muhsin al Fadhli , a Kuwaiti with a disturbing resume A source says al Fadhli and Khorasan are taking cues from the recruiting success of ISIS
Pro-Russian gunmen seized buildings in eastern Ukraine , as new flashpoints developed in the ongoing crisis over the region 's future . As tensions rose , acting President Oleksandr Turchinov held an emergency National Defense and Security Council meeting Saturday evening in the capital Kiev , according to the President 's press office . In the eastern city of Kramatorsk , police and pro-Russia activists exchanged gunfire , acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov 's spokeswoman , Natalia Stativko , told CNN on Saturday . Slightly north , in the town of Slaviansk , gunmen in camouflage stormed and seized a police building early Saturday , authorities said . They arrived in two mini-buses , came to the police station and opened fire at the building before getting inside the facility through windows , the Donetsk regional police press office said . Three police officers were slightly injured . The gunmen introduced themselves as part of the Donetsk republic initiative group , police said . Their goal was to seize hundreds of weapons inside the police building ; they allowed the police officers inside to leave the facility , the press office said . A CNN team in Slaviansk saw dozens of armed , well-equipped men in camouflage in control of the Ukraine Security Services  SBU  building , as well as the police building . The men did not want to be filmed . Makeshift barricades have been erected around both buildings . Locals brought food and tires to the armed men at the SBU site . "  We 're for democracy , for the rights of the people to express their will , " one pro-Russian armed activist in Slaviansk told Reuters . "  We want to create a people 's republic , a real one , one in Donetsk , one in Luhansk , and in general let the people of the southeast determine what they want . We want to hold a referendum . " A police building in the town of Krasni Liman also had been taken by protesters , according to Stativko , the spokeswoman for Ukraine 's acting interior minister , although the CNN team saw no evidence to that effect . Special units are being sent to both Slaviansk and Krasni Liman to assess the situation , she said . Donetsk chief of regional police resigns The latest reports come amid heightened tensions in the country 's largely Russian-speaking eastern region , centered on the cities of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv . Pro-Russian protesters in those cities seized government buildings several days ago and remain barricaded in some . In Donetsk , the chief of regional police has resigned . Kostyantyn Pozhydaev announced his resignation during a pro-Russia activist rally outside the police office , the Donetsk regional police press office said in a statement Saturday . Earlier Saturday , the acting Ukrainian President 's website stated that the Head of the Security Service for the Donetsk region , Valery Ivanov , was sacked . A demonstration was held in front of the Donetsk police headquarters Saturday , according to the interior ministry . Although life in most of the city continues as normal , protesters still hold government buildings . Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk paid a visit to Donetsk on Friday as he seeks to rally those in the region -- which has strong ties to Russia -- behind the interim government in Kiev ahead of elections due on May 25 . He suggested that constitutional reform could give more power to the regions , though the time frame is short . "  We almost do n't have time to amend the constitution before the presidential election , " he said , adding that they need to move fast so that any new president does n't dictate terms . The United States has accused Russia of fomenting the separatist unrest in its neighbor as a pretext for military intervention . White House expresses concern , Kerry speaks to Lavrov U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke by phone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov Saturday , expressing "  strong concern that attacks today by armed militants in eastern Ukraine were orchestrated and synchronized , similar to previous attacks in eastern Ukraine and Crimea , " a senior State Department official said . The two diplomats had met late last month in Paris to discuss the crisis . The official said that Kerry warned Lavrov there would be "  additional consequences " if Russia did not take steps to de-escalate the situation in eastern Ukraine and move its troops back from its border with Ukraine . The official also noted that militants involved in Saturday 's unrest in eastern Ukraine "  were equipped with specialized Russian weapons and the same uniforms as those worn by the Russian forces that invaded Crimea . " The White House also reacted Saturday , calling on Russian President Vladimir Putin and his government to "  cease all efforts to destabilize Ukraine . " "  We are very concerned by the concerted campaign we see underway in eastern Ukraine today by pro-Russian separatists , apparently with support from Russia , who are inciting violence and sabotage and seeking to undermine and destabilize the Ukrainian state , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Laura Lucas Magnuson , in a statement . "  We saw similar so-called protest activities in Crimea before Russia 's purported annexation . " Vice President Joe Biden will travel to Kiev on April 22 , to meet government leaders and members of the civil society . "  The Vice President will underscore the United States ' strong support for a united , democratic Ukraine that makes its own choices about its future path , " the White House said in a statement . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki , in a tweet , described the situation as "  worrisome . "  Russia again seems to be behind " the unrest , Psaki said Saturday . Meanwhile , the U.S. Treasury on Friday imposed a third round of sanctions on individuals considered to be involved in Crimea 's annexation . They include six individuals classed by the Treasury as Crimean separatists , former Ukrainian official Sergey Tsekov , and the Crimea-based natural gas company Chernomorneftegaz , which the Treasury says has appropriated assets belonging to Crimea 's state-run gas company . "  Crimea is occupied territory . We will continue to impose costs on those involved in ongoing violations of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " said Treasury official David S. Cohen . Diplomatic steps Next Thursday , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton will meet in Switzerland with foreign ministers from the United States , Russia and Ukraine to discuss efforts to de-escalate the situation . That meeting will follow talks between EU foreign ministers on Monday in Luxembourg . EU defense ministers are also due to meet Tuesday , with the situation in Ukraine high on the agenda . Western powers say they want to resolve the crisis through diplomatic and political means , and have warned of tougher sanctions against Russia if it intervenes further in Ukraine . Ukraine acting Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia and his Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov , spoke Saturday by phone to discuss preparations for Thursday 's meeting , Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry said . In the call , Deshchytsia demanded that Russian special services agents end their "  provocative actions " in eastern Ukraine , which are intended to derail the Geneva meeting and impede efforts to resolve the crisis , the ministry said . Lavrov said Friday in a televised interview on Russian state television that there are no Russian troops or Russian secret services agents in southeastern Ukraine , the official ITAR-Tass news agency reported . He also said Russia has no intention of absorbing the southeastern regions of Ukraine , contrary to the fears of the West . Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region last month , following a referendum condemned as illegal by Kiev and the international community , and the West fears it may next seek to enter eastern Ukraine .	Secretary of State Kerry speaks to Russian foreign minister Joe Biden to travel to Kiev later this month Unidentified gunmen seize buildings in the eastern Ukraine town of Slaviansk Pro-Russian protesters have taken over buildings in other cities in the region in past days
CNN  -- The family of a U.S. citizen who was detained last week in North Korea said Monday they are "  anxious for his return , " according to a written statement . The family of Jeffrey Fowle , 56 , said : "  Jeffrey loves to travel and loves the adventure of experiencing different cultures and seeing new places . " Fowle has been married for 14 years and has three children , the statement said . According to CNN affiliate WDTN , he was detained for leaving a Bible where he was staying . "  Mrs. Fowle and the children miss Jeffrey very much and are anxious for his return home , " the family said . They confirmed Fowle , who is from Miamisburg , Ohio , was part of a tour group that went to North Korea . On Friday , the secretive state , without going into detail , said through a state-run news agency that Fowle had been detained for breaking a law . The U.S. State Department said it was "  aware of reports that a third U.S. citizen was detained in North Korea . " But it declined to provide any further information , saying it could n't share details about specific cases without written consent from an individual . Other Americans held North Korea said in late April it was holding a different American man , who it said came to the country seeking asylum . He tore his tourist visa and shouted that "  he would seek asylum " and "  came to the DPRK  North Korea  after choosing it as a shelter , " state-run news agency KCNA said . KCNA identified that man as Miller Matthew Todd , who it says was taken into custody on April 10 . American sources identified him as Matthew Todd Miller . The U.S. State Department said at the time that it was aware of the report and had been in touch with Sweden , which represents American interests in North Korea , about the matter . It declined to disclose any further information . North Korea is also holding Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American missionary who was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013 by a court that said he had carried out acts aimed at bringing down the regime of leader Kim Jong Un . Although North Korea contains a number of state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority .	Two other Americans have been detained in North Korea Jeffrey Fowle is married with three children His family says he loves experiencing new cultures North Korea forbids independent religious activities
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron urged the international community Thursday to help Somalia 's feeble government tackle piracy , militants and hunger . Otherwise , he said , the world risks terror threats from the troubled African nation . World leaders met Thursday in London to address terror and a raging insurgency in the Horn of Africa nation and find ways to resolve other critical problems including famine and weak leadership that have dogged the nation for decades . Representatives from 40 countries , including U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , attended the conference on stabilizing and rebuilding Somalia after decades of war . "  These problems in Somalia do n't just affect Somalia . They affect us all , " Cameron said at the event . "  In a country where there is no hope , chaos , violence and terrorism thrive , " he said . "  Pirates are disrupting vital trade routes and kidnapping tourists . Young minds are being poisoned by radicalism , breeding terrorism that is threatening the security of the whole world . " Look at a high-res gallery of Somalia turmoil Cameron said the world can not afford to look the other way any more . "  If the rest of us just sit back and look on , we will pay a price for doing so , " he said . "  For two decades , politicians in the West have too often dismissed the problems in Somalia as simply too difficult and too remote to deal with . " Clinton pledged to boost U.S. efforts in the nation , and said the focus should be on political progress and bolstering security . "  The transitional federal government was always meant to be just that â $ " transitional , " she said . " It is past time for that transition to occur , and for Somalia to have a stable government . " Somalia has not had a central government since 1991 , and the Islamist Al-Shabaab has waged war against the transitional federal government for years . Clinton said the United States will continue to work with Somali officials to create jobs , provide health and education services , and conflict resolution . "  And today I 'm pleased to announce that the United States is providing an additional $ 64 million in humanitarian assistance to the Horn of Africa countries , " she said . She said the funds bring the total U.S. emergency assistance to the region up to more than $ 934 million since last year , including more than $ 211 million for life-saving programs in Somalia . Thursday 's session aimed to galvanize the international community to develop a more comprehensive approach to addressing Somalia . "  We are realistic -- Somalia 's problems can not be solved in a day , but its people deserve a better future , and our own security requires their country to become more stable , " U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague said . The meeting comes a day after the U.N. Security Council voted to increase the African Union force in Somalia from about 12,000 to close to 18,000 troops to help battle Al-Shabaab . "  We must keep up the pressure on Al-Shabaab so that their grip on Somalia continues to weaken , " Clinton said . The terror group , which announced recently that it joined al Qaeda , has lost ground but remains a potent threat in the country . The international community hopes the bolstered force will further degrade the group , creating space for a political solution . Established in 2004 , Somalia 's transitional government is weak and needs significant capacity building to consolidate the country 's security gains with political ones . The international community wants it to meet a timeline for establishing a new government , including writing a constitution , before August when its mandate expires . The crisis in Somalia has drawn in neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia , which have both sent troops directly , while Uganda , Djibouti and Burundi are contributing peacekeepers . The United States has used drones to target militants in Somalia . Adding to Somalia 's burdens is the fight against famine , which has forced a constant stream of refugees into neighboring nations . The United Nations declared an end to the famine recently , but said the hunger situation is still dire .	40 countries and international organizations attend the event The session aims to galvanize the world to tackle Somalia 's woes Global terror and militant threats are among pressing issues in Somalia The militant Al-Shabaab continues to pose a major threat
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's military toppled the country 's first democratically elected president Wednesday night and reportedly put him under house arrest while rounding up some of his top supporters even as the deposed Mohamed Morsy insisted that he remains the country 's legitimate leader . Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets across Egypt over the military 's actions that were decried by Morsy 's supporters as a "  coup " and celebrated as a "  correction " by his opponents . At least eight people were killed and more than 340 wounded in sporadic violence that at times pitted Morsy 's supporters against the opposition and the military . Morsy "  did not achieve the goals of the people " and failed to meet the generals ' demands that he share power with his opposition , Egypt 's top military officer , Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , said in a televised speech to the nation . Adly Mansour , head of the country 's Supreme Constitutional Court , will replace Morsy as Egypt 's interim president , El-Sisi said . Mansour was expected to be sworn in on Thursday . The military has not publicly commented on Morsy 's whereabouts . But Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Gehad El-Haddad told CNN the deposed president was under "  house arrest " at the presidential Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo . He said some members of Morsy 's inner circle have also put under house arrest . The country 's constitution has been suspended , and Mansour will "  establish a government that is a strong and diverse , " said El-Sisi , head of the country 's armed forces . New parliamentary elections will be held , and Mansour will have the power to issue constitutional declarations in the meantime , he said . El-Sisi said the military was fulfilling its "  historic responsibility " to protect the country by ousting Morsy , a Western-educated Islamist elected a year ago . Morsy remained defiant and insisted he was Egypt 's proper president . "  The world is looking at us today , " he said in a taped statement delivered to the Arabic satellite network Al Jazeera . "  We by ourselves can bypass the obstacles . We , the sons of Egypt , the sons of this country -- this is the will of the people and can not be canceled . " Shortly after Morsy 's statement aired , Al Jazeera reported its Cairo studios were raided during a live broadcast on Wednesday and its presenter , guests and producers arrested . The Muslim Brotherhood , the long-repressed political movement that propelled Morsy to office , said its broadcast outlets had been shut down . Muslim Brotherhood arrests The state-run Middle East News Agency said the two top leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political party had been taken into custody , and another state-run outlet , the newspaper Al-Ahram , said another 300 were being sought by police . El-Haddad told CNN that he has been told hundreds of names have been put on an "  arrest list " but could n't confirm any arrests beyond those of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party chief , Saad el-Katatni , and its deputy , Rashad Al-Bayoumi . Morsy said he remains open to negotiations and dialogue , and he called on supporters to demonstrate peacefully . But at least eight people were killed and more than 340 wounded in clashes around the country on Wednesday , Health Minister Dr. Mohamed Mustafa Hamid told Al-Ahram . U.S. student killed in Egypt was enthralled with region Morsy opponents who packed Tahrir Square , now the epicenter of two Egyptian upheavals , erupted in jubilation and fireworks when El-Sisi made his announcement . "  This is a united people of Egypt , " anti-Morsy organizer Ahmed el Hawary said . "  Mohamed Morsy has actually succeeded in uniting the people , after two years that we were totally against each other ... Mohamed Morsy , with his bad management , with his risking all the lives of Egypt , brought all Egyptians back together to be facing again their future , hand in hand . " But Abdoul Mawgoud Dardery , a former member of parliament from the Morsy-allied Freedom and Justice Party , called that "  ridiculous . " "  I do n't know how can anyone with common sense support a military coup in a democracy , " he said . Egyptians "  will never recognize a coup d'etat , " he said . And across the Nile River from Tahrir Square , Morsy supporters chanted chanted "  Down with military rule " and "  The square has a million martyrs . " Before Wednesday night 's announcement , troops moved into key positions around the capital , closing off a bridge over the Nile and surrounding Rabaa Adawya Square , where Morsy 's supporters were gathered . Military had demanded reforms Morsy was elected president in June 2012 . But his approval ratings have plummeted as his government has failed to keep order or revive Egypt 's economy . The chaos , including open sexual assaults on women in Egypt 's streets , has driven away tourists and investors , while opponents say Morsy 's rule was increasingly authoritarian . Mohamed ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency and a leading opposition figure , said the plans announced Wednesday were "  a correction for the way of the revolution " that drove Hosni Mubarak from office in 2011 . Opinion : In Egypt , rage must lead to game plan "  The road map guarantees achieving the principal demand of the Egyptian people -- having early presidential elections through an interim period through which the constitution will be amended , " he said . "  So all of us build it together and agree on a democratic constitution , so we can guarantee our freedoms . " The Egyptian military dominated the country for six decades and took direct power for a year and a half after Mubarak 's ouster . On Monday , after a previous demand that Morsy offer concessions to the opposition , it gave him 48 hours to order reforms . As the hour of the ultimatum neared , Morsy offered to form an interim coalition government to oversee parliamentary elections and revise the constitution that was enacted in January . "  One of the mistakes I can not accept -- as the president of all Egyptians -- is to side with one party over another , or to present the scene from one side only . To be fair , we need to listen to the voice of people in all squares , " he said . Rand Paul : Stop using U.S. taxpayer money to aid Morsy Shortly after the deadline , Morsy aide Essam El Haddad said in a Facebook posting that a coup was under way and warned that the generals risked bloodshed by moving against Morsy . "  In a democracy , there are simple consequences for the situation we see in Egypt : The president loses the next election or his party gets penalized in the upcoming parliamentary elections . Anything else is mob rule , " he wrote . But Naguib Abadeer , a member of the opposition Free Egyptians Party , said what was under way "  is not by any means a military coup . This is a revolution . " Morsy lost his legitimacy in November , when he declared courts could not review his decrees and ousted the country 's prosecutor-general , Abadeer said . And the Muslim Brotherhood "  hijacked the vote of the people " by running on a religious platform , "  so these were not democratic elections , " he said . Egypt 's anti-Morsy protestors -- in their own words Obama says U.S. reviewing aid In Washington , President Barack Obama said the United States is "  deeply concerned " by Morsy 's removal and the suspension of the constitution . Washington has supplied Egypt 's military with tens of billions in support and equipment over more than 30 years , and under U.S. law , that support could be cut off after a coup -- a term his White House statement avoided . "  The United States does not support particular individuals or political parties , but we are committed to the democratic process and respect for the rule of law , " Obama said . He said he had ordered "  the relevant departments and agencies " to study what American law would mean for U.S. aid and urged the generals to hand power back to an elected government ` as soon as possible . " In the wake of Morsy 's ouster , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon echoed Obama 's call for an immediate return to civilian rule . He appealed for "  calm , non-violence , dialogue and restraint . " Wednesday 's events capped days of massive demonstrations for and against Morsy . The demonstrations were largely peaceful , but health officials said 23 people died in clashes overnight at Cairo University , Al-Ahram reported . Anti-Morsy demonstrators have ransacked Muslim Brotherhood offices around Egypt in the past several days . Obama called Morsy on Monday to urge him to take a less-rigid stance toward his opponents , telling his Egyptian counterpart "  that democracy is about more than elections , " a White House statement said . But the State Department denied that Obama had urged Morsy to call early elections , as a senior administration official had said Tuesday . Opinion : Egyptians are fed up with Morsy Morsy 's opposition said it had collected more than 20 million signatures on a petition to remove him -- millions more than the number who voted Morsy into the presidency . Tuesday night , Morsy had vowed that he would not comply with the ultimatum and demanded that the armed forces stand down , even "  if the price of upholding this legitimacy is my own blood . " But political analyst Hisham Kassem told CNN the speech was Morsy 's "  final bluff . " "  He was trying to give the impression ` We are there in numbers , and we are going to retaliate , we are not going to allow this to happen . ' However , with almost 24 hours since his message , it 's clear his supporters will not dare challenge the crowds on the street , " Kassem said . And faced with the throngs that filled Cairo 's Tahrir Square , "  the military had to intervene . Otherwise this crowd was going to get Morsy from his palace . " CNN spells the deposed president 's name with a ` y ' in accordance with what his spokesman said is his personal preference , his own e-mail and the country 's Foreign Ministry . Should tourists still visit Egypt ? CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Ivan Watson , Jill Dougherty , Dan Lothian , Amir Ahmed , Ben Brumfield , Ali Younes , Chelsea J. Carter , Schams Elwazer , Elise Labott , Ian Lee , Housam Ahmed and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon calls for "  calm , non-violence , dialogue and restraint " Morsy is under "  house arrest , " a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman says Obama says U.S. reviewing aid , urges return to civilian rule Eight dead across Egypt , Health Minister says
CNN  -- Former 100 meter world record holder Asafa Powell has pulled out of the world championships in Daegu , which are set to get under way on Saturday . Jamaica 's Powell , who took 100m bronze at the last championships in Berlin two years ago , was expected to be one of the main challengers to his compatriot and reigning champion Usain Bolt . The 28-year-old is the fastest man in the world this year , a 9.78 second run in Lausanne , but a statement from his management company confirmed he will be absent from the biennial event with a groin injury . "  Asafa Powell has officially withdrawn from the 100m event in Daegu citing a continued groin strain , " read the statement . "  Powell suffered a groin strain in Budapest on July 30 and has had recurring tightness and pain ever since . "  After Budapest , Asafa missed eight days of training before he could attempt to sprint again . When he returned to the track he was able to sprint but it caused the groin to flare up . Despite missing out on the individual event , Powell could be part of the Jamaican 4 x 100m relay squad which claimed gold in Berlin and also at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing . "  He has received all sorts of treatments over the past two weeks in the hope of being prepared to run the 100m here in Daegu , " continued the statement . "  Asafa is very disappointed to say the least . He was really hoping to be able to run in what was going to be one of the most anticipated races of the championships . He is still optimistic to be able to run the relay . " His absence and that of leading American Tyson Gay would appear to leave the way clear for Bolt to retain his title , but the world record holder told gathered reporters Thursday that was short of his very best form after battling back from injuries that curtailed his 2010 season . "  I would n't say it 's 100 percent but I 'm happy with where it is and I 'm going out there to do my best , " he said . "  This for me is a comeback season from injury . I have been working really hard this season to get back in tip-top shape . " Bolt added , Meanwhile , former Olympic gold medallists Sebastian Coe and Sergey Bubka have been elected as vice-presidents of the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  . Five men were in the running for four positions , with Qatari Dahlan Al-Hamad and Robert Hersh of the U.S. the other two people voted in . A second vote was required to decide the four successful candidates after a malfunction in the electronic voting system caused the body 's president Lamine Diack to order a revote . Initially , former Ukrainian pole-vaulter and gold medallist at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul Bubka missed out on election to Canadian Abby Hoffman . Bubka was voted in via a manual vote following the system error . Coe , a two-time Olympic gold medal winner over 1500m , dismissed suggestions of foul play and insisted it was purely a glitch which caused the re-vote . "  We would have preferred the technology to work better but it has failed us and we had to go back to a manual vote , " Coe told British newspaper The Guardian . "  There was just a technical glitch -- there is nothing else involved and we have to live with it . "  These things do happen . I instinctively thought it looked a bit of a rogue result -LSB- but -RSB- I 'm no great believer in conspiracy theories . Clearly something was n't working . " Senegalese chief Diack was re-elected as president unopposed , with a majority of 169 to 29 after a second ballot .	Asafa Powell pulls out of 100m at world championships through injury Powell was set to be main challenger to ddefendingchampion Usain Bolt Bolt rules out breaking his own world 100m record at championships Sebastan Coe and Sergey Bubka win influential positions in IAAF
CNN  -- Residents of the Atchafalaya Basin in south-central Louisiana are as diverse as the unique waterways that course through the heart of Cajun country . Of African , European , Caribbean and Native American descent , for generations these Louisianans have made their living from the water and sea , chasing after shad and crawfish or working on and supplying oil rigs and refineries . They 're also a resilient lot . A roster of hurricanes is a constant reminder of the dangers and damage wrought by nature : Betsy , Gustav , Ike , Rita and , of course , Katrina . Now the danger comes from the north , instead of the Gulf of Mexico , in the form of a historic flood . "  People are used to flooding , " said Drake Pothier , president of the Houma-Terrebonne Chamber of Commerce . "  But they are more used to it coming from the opposite direction . " Gov. Bobby Jindal on Tuesday predicted that as many as 3 million acres of his state could be affected by the flooding spawned by the Mississippi River . Some 500 National Guard members have been mobilized to meet the challenge . Twenty-one parishes issued emergency declarations and 16 hospitals are identified as being at high risk . As has been the case upriver from Missouri south to Tennessee , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is predicting its system of levees and flood walls will hold , keeping the river from inundating most Louisiana towns and farms that line its banks . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the coming days is expected to decide whether to open the Morganza Spillway above Baton Rouge . It has n't been opened since 1973 . Such a move would spare Baton Rouge and New Orleans even more damage from the floods , but it would flood populated and rural areas in the swampy Atchafalaya Basin . The basin is home to the Atchafalaya River and myriad tributaries . There 's plenty to worry about in communities such as Butte La Rose , Bayou Sorrel , Morgan City , Krotz Springs and Houma . They have varying levels of flood defense . Some residents are posting questions and fears on the Corps Facebook page . "  I 'm going to wait a little longer " before deciding on evacuating , said Leanne Boudreaux , 33 , of Krotz Springs , an Atchafalaya River community that does n't feature a traffic signal . It does have a levee . Boudreaux is too young to remember the landmark 1973 flood , but she knows what nature can dish out . Gustav heavily damaged her residence in 2008 and , as the mother of two , she is paying attention to the latest developments . She considers the river dangerous . Despite the number of workers at an oil refinery in town , many people have to go to Baton Rouge , about 40 miles east , to work and shop , she said Tuesday . Camping and fishing are popular in Butte La Rose , 20 miles south in St. Martin Parish . Downstream , in Morgan City , teacher Julie Cortez McCarty , 42 , is glad the oil town has a sea wall , but she is concerned about water backing in from Lake Palourde and other waterways . "  We are surrounded by water , " she said . "  Morgan City is pretty much an island . " It 's the waiting on the Corps ' decision on the Morganza Spillway that 's causing stress , McCarty told CNN . "  They wo n't give us a definite yes or no if they will open it or not , " she said . Like others , McCarty 's worried the water could remain for a couple of months and affect jobs . She 's also somewhat philosophical about the greater good when it comes to deciding on spillways and other efforts to channel water to less populated or less settled regions . "  How do you decide whose life or property is more important ? " McCarty asked . Morgan City is one of several areas that could be affected by the opening of the Morganza Spillway . Opening it would relieve pressure on the levee system and reduce the record-setting volume of water heading down the Mississippi . If that spillway is opened , Jindal predicted that roughly 2,500 people and 2,000 structures would be at risk directly inside the floodway . Another 22,500 people and 11,000 structures would be affected by backwater flooding , he said . On Monday , officials began opening gates on another spillway , the Bonnet Carre in Reserve , Louisiana -- about 35 miles west of New Orleans . Twenty-eight gates were opened on Monday and another 44 were opened Tuesday . The Corps released maps outlining areas that could be flooded in the Atchafalaya Basin if the Morganza Spillway is opened . "  They expect the height of the water to reach between 5 and upwards of 25 feet above ground elevation , causing flooding through many southern portions of our state , " Jindal said . "  We 've been hearing about the possibility of flooding , " Dan Gober , who lives in the town of Gibson , about 15 miles east of Morgan City , told CNN affiliate WWL . "  We 've not been hearing any specifics as to how high the water might get . " Gibson residents remember the last time the spillway was opened , saying it put 3 to 4 feet of water in their homes . And it could be even worse this time , Terrebonne Parish President Michel Claudet said . What was farmland in 1973 is now residential land , he said . "  At that time , we were not as populated . " Terrebonne Parish has already declared a state of emergency , and its website was directing residents to sandbag distribution centers . Measures aimed at minimizing flooding were being implemented , Claudet said . Levees were being elevated and reinforced . "  Generally speaking , people are very concerned , " the Chamber 's Pothier said . The western part of the parish is expected to see the largest impact , he said , adding Houma is expected to come through the flooding in pretty good shape . Terrebonne Parish has about 110,000 residents and has one of the strongest local economies in the state , with an emphasis on oil and gas , health care and seafood , Pothier said . Unemployment is low and the parish has retained strong home values , he said . In the Assumption Parish town of Belle Rose , Carol Vincent said she is "  going nuts " and trying to hope for the best , but "  we 're expecting the worst . " "  We 're all on pins and needles , " she said . Her husband and some friends put sandbags around her property , and plan to take further action to protect it . Her home flooded once before , she said , but only one room . "  It ruined my carpet , " she said . In West Feliciana Parish , "  our biggest concern is Angola State Prison , " said parish President Ken Dawson . The prison , officially the Louisiana State Penitentiary , is protected by a levee system , he said . "  A lot of those inmates have been moved out of the prison to other facilities , and that is going to continue until they get to a number they can house on higher ground with no problem . " Before 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , the New Orleans metropolitan area saw significant flooding in May 1995 , when 24 inches of rain fell in some neighborhoods , said forecaster Phil Grigsby of the National Weather Service . If the Morganza Spillway is not opened , Morgan City 's high water will crest May 25 at about 9.5 feet , said Grigsby . That level will be 12 to 13 feet if the waterway is opened . Levels in Bayou Sorrel will be 7.5 feet higher if the spillway plan is put into place . The increase will be more modest in Butte La Rose , Grigsby said . Using sand baskets , National Guardsmen are raising a 5-mile stretch of earthen levees on the lake side of Morgan City , said planning and zoning director Carl Kraemer . He expects the levees , which were fortified after the 1973 floods , to hold the water if the Morganza Spillway is opened . Still , the city does n't know exactly what to expect when the 140-mile long Atchafalaya River crests later this month . "  We 're positive and worried at the same time , " Kraemer said .	500 National Guard members mobilized Residents in low-lying areas have been put on alert There is concern about a plan to open the Morganza Spillway Spillway has n't been opened since 1973
CNN  Eastern Europe , here comes the cavalry . The U.S. Army says it will soon be sending armored Stryker vehicles on a 1,100-mile convoy through six European countries to show solidarity to allies in the wake of recent Russian actions in the Ukraine and Crimea that have Eastern Europe on edge . The move was first reported Thursday in the military newspaper Stars and Stripes . U.S. Army Europe posted the Stripes story on its website on Friday . The convoy is "  a highly visible demonstration of U.S , commitment to its NATO allies and demonstrating NATO 's ability to move military forces freely across allied borders in close cooperation , " U.S. Army Europe spokesman Lt. Col. Craig Childs , said in a statement , according to the Stripes report . The troops and vehicles involved will be moving from training exercises conducted as part of Operation Atlantic Resolve in Estonia , Lithuania and Poland , the report said . They 'll move through Latvia and the Czech Republic as they make their way to Vilseck , Germany , about a 40 miles drive from the Czech border . The troops involved are from the 3rd Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment , which are based at Rose Barracks in Vilseck , and they will be accompanied by the Army 's 12th Combat Aviation Brigade , which will provide aerial reconnaissance , the Stripes report said . The move is unusual because long-distance movement of heavy military vehicles such as the 18-ton Strykers is usually done by rail . The trek is being called a "  Dragoon Ride , " after the unit 's nickname , the Dragoons . Troops will camp out along the route . "  For those participating in it , Dragoon Ride is a unique opportunity , " Stripes quoted Childs as saying . "  Soldiers and their leaders will have numerous opportunities to engage with local communities along the route , deepen their appreciation for the cultural diversity within the alliance and enhance the relationships that are essential to building and maintaining mutual admiration , respect and trust among allied militaries . " The convoy will be the latest in a series of displays the U.S. and its NATO allies have taken under Operation Atlantic Resolve , during which the U.S. "  is demonstrating its continued commitment to collective security through a series of actions designed to reassure NATO allies and partners of America 's dedication to enduring peace and stability in the region , in light of the Russian intervention in Ukraine , " according to the Defense Department 's website . The displays have come as close to 300 yards from the Russian border as U.S. Army Strykers participated in an independence day celebration in Nava , Estonia , last month . Other recent actions include the Air Force 's movement of 12 A-10 Thunderbolt "  tankbuster " attack jets to an air base in Germany and this month the placing of hundreds of tanks and military vehicles in Latvia , where they 'll soon be matched up with 3,000 troops from Fort Stewart , Georgia . Tension with Russia extends to the air too . Adm. William Gortney , commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command , told the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday that "  this past year has marked a notable increase in Russian military assertiveness . " Russian heavy bomber aircraft flew more patrols outside Russian airspace "  than in any year since the Cold War , " though he did not offer a specific number . There have also been increased Russian air patrols across the coastlines of Europe .	Armored U.S. Army Strykers to make trek to display solidarity with U.S. allies 16-ton armored vehicles usually moved long distances by rail Move is latest NATO military display after Russian actions in Ukraine , Crimea
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  An explosion late Thursday outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others , witnesses said . The explosion outside the Bauchi Motor Park happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . The bus was heading to the central Nigerian city of Jos , 125 kilometers away . "  There has been an explosion just outside the motor park and five people have been killed while more than 12 others have been seriously injured , " said Adamu Saidu , an employee at the bus station . "  Some of the injured have had their limbs blown off and one of them has had his eye gouged out , " said Saidu , who was involved in the evacuation of the victims to a hospital . The woman pretended to be going to Jos and lingered around the bus , which was waiting to fill up with passengers , according to Falalu Tasiu , a grocer near the bus station . "  The woman kept talking on the phone and dropped her bag beside the bus , pretending to be waiting for the bus to fill up , " Tasiu said . "  She moved towards shops overlooking the bus station as if she was going to buy something and disappeared . Moments later the bag exploded and set the bus on fire , killing five people and inujuring around 15 others , " Tasiu said . Although no one has claimed responsibility for the attack , Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets in Gombe and other northern cities , making the group the main suspect . Boko Haram has in recent months been under sustained pressure from sweeping offensives from a four-nation regional alliance of Nigeria , Chad , Niger and Cameroon . The regional offensives have considerably weakened Boko Haram 's capabilities , which has prompted the Islamists to resort to attacks on soft targets such as bus stations , markets and schools . The explosion was the first attack since Nigeria held its presidential election at the weekend , which was won by opposition candidate Muhammadu Buhari , who vowed to crush Boko Haram when he assumes office in late May .	Woman leaves explosives-laden handbag beside bus during boarding No group has claimed responsibility , but Boko Haram is suspected
CNN  -- Here 's a New Year 's resolution that 's easy to keep , good for your health and beneficial for your relationships . And it wo n't cost you a penny . Sound too good to be true ? Read on . In recent months , I 've been working with a group of creative thinkers who are mining the meaning of a good life . Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi , Bill Damon and Howard Gardner are renowned psychologists who 've collaborated to create the Good Project , which explores the behaviors and mindsets that add up to good work , good play and good citizenship . Together , with Lynn Barendsen , we 've developed a simple set of questions for the New Year . They 're catalysts for reflection rather than formulas for imitation . Their purpose is to get us thinking about our purpose , in both private and community life . We originally developed these questions for young people , on the belief that the new generation does n't get enough structured opportunities to explore meaning and values . But the truth is , it 's not just millennials today who might lack purpose , feel uncertain about shared beliefs and goals or wish they could be part of something greater than themselves . It 's people of all ages . We Americans rarely get to make a truly mindful assessment of who we are , what 's shaped us and why we hope to change . If we did that first , we 'd probably be more capable of making wise resolutions and keeping them . We 'd become more conscious of the web of relationship and mutual obligation that holds us together and that makes our freedom truly worth cherishing . And we might just end up being better humans . So I invite you , whatever your stage of life , to explore these questions . Ask them of yourself . Talk with family and friends about them . Write and share your reflections . Feel free to adapt and revise the questions to suit your circumstances . And let us know on Twitter what the experience is like for you and those close to you . If you make it your first resolution to consider these questions well , your other resolutions will almost certainly end up being more honest , more meaningful to you and more useful to others . Enjoy reflecting , and may your new year be happy -- and deeply good . Who you are 1 . Think of something  an activity , a job  to which you 're really committed and that takes up a lot of your time . Why do you do it ? Do you consider it time well spent ? Why or why not ? What would make you stop being involved ? 2 . Who or what do you consider your community ? What do you do for the community ? What would you expect the community to do it for you ? 3 . To whom or what do you feel responsible ? What does that entail ? What happens when you do n't meet that responsibility ? 4 . Are you a good worker ? A good citizen ? A good person ? How do you distinguish among them ? Which is most important to you ? Influences 5 . Who 's influenced you , and how do you pass it on ? 6 . What individuals and institutions do you admire and why  current or past  ? 7 . What/whom do n't you admire and why ? 8 . What and whom do you love ? Aspirations 9 . What would it mean for you to be successful ? How important is recognition , through money or esteem ? What about unheralded acts or contributions ? 10 . What would it mean for you fail ? Who or what will make that judgment for you and about you ? 11 . What kind of person do you want to be right now ? 12 . What should -- and should n't -- be written in your obituary ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : I 've been working with creative thinkers who are mining the meaning of a good life Liu : This New Year 's , resolve to reflect on your life Here are a list of questions to ask yourself , including who are your influences , aspirations Liu : The questions were originally developed for young people , but they 're really for all
CNN  -- It 's a day that comes only once every 100 years -- 11/11/11 . And in Vegas , that means throngs of lovebirds are flocking to chapels to get hitched Friday . "  We 're surrounded by hundreds of couples who want to get married on 11/11/11 , " said the Rev. Charlotte Richards , owner of Little White Wedding Chapel on the Las Vegas Strip . The chapel has 200 brides and grooms who are either getting hitched for the first time or are renewing their vows . In addition to a beautiful ceremony , Richards said she is offering bridal flowers and dog tags that have the 11/11/11 date inscribed on them . Many couples booked their special day two years in advance . At least 75 additional staff members were needed to accommodate the demand at Little White Wedding Chapel . "  We have 17 ministers , limousine drivers , greeters , videographers , " Richards said . In 30 of the weddings , an Elvis impersonator will serenade the couple . Closer to downtown , the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel is equally abuzz . It has 190 weddings booked , with the first starting at midnight . That means about four weddings every 30 minutes throughout the day , with only a couple of hours of down time for a break . General Manager Brian Mills calls his establishment "  The Fun Chapel . " Couples can have Blues Brothers or Marilyn Monroe impersonators as officiators . They can also have a Camelot-themed wedding or one with an Elvis impersonator , complete with a 1964 pink Cadillac convertible that drives the couple down the aisle . The couples include 18 - and 19-year-olds ; military personnel who are about to get deployed and want a quick wedding ; and some who are renewing their vows . "  Part of the thrill is that it 'll be a day the couple wo n't forget -- as in it will be easy to remember your anniversary , " Mills said . He said he 's already looking forward to 12/12/12 .	Hundreds of couples are scheduled to get married in Vegas chapels Couples begin getting hitched at midnight on 11/11/11 One chapel will have four weddings every 30 minutes Manager : "  It will be easy to remember your anniversary "
Beyoncé has delivered the ultimate holiday surprise . Just after midnight on the east coast , the singer suddenly dropped a brand new 14-track self-titled album on iTunes . That 's right -- without any pre-promotion . As if this bombshell -- which , in her Instagram announcement , she described as a "  visual album " -- needed anything else , each song also comes with a music video and a download of BEYONCÉ will also score you three additional videos . Here is the full track list . Notably , there 's a duet with husband Jay-Z and a cameo from daughter Blue Ivy : 1 . Pretty Hurts 2 . Haunted 3 . Drunk in Love  feat . Jay Z 4 . Blow 5 . No Angel 6 . Partition 7 . Jealous 8 . Rocket 9 . Mine  feat . Drake 10 . XO 11 . *** Flawless  feat . Chimamanda Ngozi Adiche 12 . Superpower  feat . Frank Ocean 13 . Heaven 14 . Blue  feat . Blue Ivy See the original story at EW.com	Beyonce released music with no fanfare Just after midnight she dropped an album on iTunes She calls it a "  visual album "
CNN  -- The stars seem to be aligning for immigration reform . The election of 2012 scared many Republicans into thinking that their increasingly hardline stance on immigration is cutting against big demographic changes . These Republicans fear that they might risk writing themselves off for decades to come , if the GOP loses a vital part of the electorate to Democrats . A growing number of prominent Republicans are coming out in favor of a liberalized immigration policy , including the tea party darlings Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio . During a recent speech to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , Paul said that "  immigration reform will not occur until conservative Republicans , like myself , become part of the solution . " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York announced that an eight-person bipartisan group will soon reach a deal to move forward in the Senate . So it appears that the opportunity for bold immigration reform has finally arrived . But as any observer of congressional history knows , nothing is inevitable on Capitol Hill , particularly in the current Congress , where both parties remain extremely polarized and there are high costs for bucking the party orthodoxy . What needs to happen to close a deal ? It is instructive to look back at history when Congress passed two landmark civil rights measures : the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . Both were highly controversial ; but ultimately , they went through as a result of bipartisan deals . Even though Congress is different in this era -- with both parties deeply divided internally and a closed committee system that dampens the power of party leaders to control members -- those historical struggles offer some instructive lessons for today as to how to seize a great opportunity that emerges . The news media have always been a powerful force in our society . At times , they have helped push our political system toward reform . Right now , a new generation of reporters can shine by taking on the biggest stories of the day that would have long-term impact on the direction of our country . This is what happened during the early 1960s , when a young generation of print and television reporters brought the nation vivid reports from the front lines of the civil rights struggle . In those years , reporters covered the brutal clashes that were taking place in southern cities like Birmingham and Selma , Alabama , showing the nation the reality of race relations . When presidential speechwriter Richard Goodwin watched the clashes on his television screen , he instantly understood how the media were transforming the national conversation . He noted , "  For a century the violence of oppression had been hidden from the sight of white America . ... But now the simple invention of a cathode ray tube , transforming light into electrons , registering their impact on the magnetic tape , had torn the curtain away . And America did n't like what it saw . " Similarly , in the new Internet age that we live in , the media can offer the nation a better understanding of the plight of immigrants who are living in this country and the kinds of problems that legislation can redress . Too often , discussions about immigration have revolved around vague and caricatured images . In the next few months , young and enterprising reporters can help politicians and voters see why the government needs to resolve this issue and how it can best do so . Another important lesson from history is the need to reach out to the other side when a rare opportunity comes along . In the civil rights debate , President Lyndon Johnson depended on the Senate minority leader , Republican Everett Dirksen of Illinois , to deliver the votes needed to end a filibuster in 1964 . In order to get Dirksen on his side , Johnson told his administration team and congressional leadership to play to Dirksen 's ego and sense of history . The key was to allow Dirksen to shape the bill , within certain parameters , so that he could leave his imprint on the measure . "  You get in there to see Dirksen ! " Johnson told Sen. Hubert Humphrey , the Democratic whip who was shepherding the bill through the Senate . "  You drink with Dirksen ! You talk to Dirksen ! You listen to Dirksen ! " Dirksen made some important changes to the bill during the negotiations but in the end , he delivered over 20 Republican votes , which killed the filibuster . Johnson got what he wanted . President Obama will need to make the same kind of moves , giving Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell some kind of a role so that he can buy into the legislation and win some amount of credit for producing a bill . The president will need to do the same in the House , where Speaker John Boehner will play a vital role as he tries to tame the radicals in his caucus . While giving either Republican such a role might frustrate Democrats who feel that their party is in command , the results could be powerful . Immigration rights activists can sit tight as the final months of the debate unfold . For all the talk about bipartisanship in the 1960s , the reality was that bipartisanship was often produced when legislators felt immense pressure from the grass roots . When the Senate debated the civil rights bill in a lengthy filibuster that lasted 60 days in the spring and summer of 1964 , civil rights activists -- who had already forced Congress to deal with the issue through a mass march on Washington -- conducted protests in states and districts and gathered in Washington to lobby members . The immigration rights movement has been extremely effective in recent years , and now it must show its chops once again . It must also form alliances with other organizations , such as civil rights and gay rights groups , that have indicated they are willing to enter into a broader coalition to support this cause . The movement needs to work on legislators who are currently on the fence , especially Republicans who are thinking of joining Rubio , Paul and others . The key is to do this without stimulating some kind of backlash in their constituencies . The moment for an immigration deal has arrived . The political incentives for saying yes are strong in both parties , and this is an issue that needs a resolution . The key question will be whether Congress seizes this opportunity or whether partisanship paralyzes the institution once again , as it has done so many times before . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : It appears that the opportunity for bold immigration reform has finally arrived Zelizer : A growing chorus of Republicans is coming around to endorsing reform He says with the right media attention and compromises in Washington , it could happen Zelizer : Immigration rights activists must also continue their grass-roots effort
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan police repelled an attack on an army recruitment center in Kandahar on Thursday , officials said . One suicide attacker died when he detonated explosives , while three others were shot and killed by police , the Kandahar province 's media department said . In addition to the attackers , one person was killed and nine others were wounded , the director of Mirwais Hospital in Kandahar said . One civilian was among the wounded , said Abdul Qayum Pokhla . Zalmai Ayoubi , a spokesman for the provincial government , said the suicide attackers entered a building that was under construction and fired at the recruitment center across the street . The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack . Meanwhile , Afghan forces and coalition troops killed more than 80 insurgents during an anti-terrorism operation in the mountainous Kunar province along the border with Pakistan , NATO said . They also seized numerous weapons , materials for making improved explosive devices , and captured a radio station used to solicit money and direct attacks on civilians , NATO said . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	NEW : One victim killed , 9 wounded including a civilian Four insurgents are killed during attack on police HQ in Kandahar The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack Afghan and coalition forces kill 80 insurgents in a separate incident
CNN  -- Manchester United 's poor start to the season continued with a lackluster 1-1 draw against Sunderland , leaving new coach Louis Van Gaal still seeking a first league win for his new club . United 's injury problems meant that Van Gaal again had to shuffle the pack and draft 20 year old Tyler Blackett into his defense . Unsurprisingly given the changes , Sunderland started the brighter of the two and it was against the run of play when United took the lead . Some good work by Antonio Valencia , who had been restored to the starting line up , released Spain international Juan Mata who fired home from close range . But rather than build on the goal , United let Sunderland back into the game . Sunderlands 's big summer signing Jack Rodwell , once considered one of England 's brightest prospects , scored his first goal for the club to secure a point that left Van Gaal still waiting for his first league win as Manchester United coach . "  In the first half we played an equal match with Sunderland . We did n't create so much but scored a fantastic goal , " Van Gaal said after the game . "  Football is played for creating chances and making goals . We have n't created so many chances today , " he added . "  We probably had more ball possession and were more dominant than the last match but you have to win your game at that moment and we could n't , so that 's a pity . " Di Maria to arrive ? As the transfer window draws to a close on September 1st , United will likely add to their squad with Real Madrid 's Argentina international Angel Di Maria heavily rumored to be joining for what may be a British transfer record . Leading Spanish newspaper Marca reported Sunday that the two clubs had agreed a fee of 75 million euros  $ 99 million  for Di Maria . "  I can not say anything about transfers , you have to understand that , " Van Gaal said . "  Now you have to wait and see . When the moment is there Manchester United shall announce it ... It is not only Di Maria , maybe  Arturo  Vidal or  Lionel  Messi ! " he added , half jokingly . According to reports from Spain , Di Maria has already said goodbye to his teammates . "  He has come and has not practiced . It 's not official yet , but he came to say goodbye , " said Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti , according to the Press Association . "  We gave thanks for what he has done for this club and wish him luck for the future . It is not official , but it is solved . " Unhappy Redknapp return Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur hosted Queens Park Rangers and welcomed back former coach Harry Redknapp . Redknapp , who enjoyed a successful spell in charge at White Hart Lane , masterminded QPR 's return to the Premier League but could do little to stop his old club run away comfortable 4-0 winners . Nacer Chadli scored twice , whilst Eric Dier and Emmanuel Adebayor completed the scoring . In Sunday 's other game , Hull City continued their fine start to the season with a 1-1 home draw against Stoke City . Hull were reduced to 10 men early in the first half but still had the best of the play and managed to take the lead through Croatia international Nikica Jelavic before half time . Hull held on for most of the second half but conceded a late , undeserved equalizer when Ryan Shawcross bundled the ball home from close range .	Man Utd held 1-1 by Sunderland Utd still without a league win under Van Gaal Tottenham Hotspur beat QPR 4-0 Hull hold on for a draw against Stoke
Chicago  CNN  -- A 15-year-old Chicago girl walking to her high school in pre-dawn darkness was hit on the head , dragged between two houses to a yard and raped , police said , with the assault taking place just a half block away from one of the city 's "  Safe Passage " school routes especially for students . The incident put another spotlight on the city 's problem with violence . Just this fall , local officials pledged that an expanded Safe Passages program -- with its big yellow signs above sidewalks patrolled during key times by paid , trained workers -- would be a sanctuary for children walking to and from school . Local authorities noted , however , that the 15-year-old victim was walking to school Tuesday morning a half hour before her nearby Safe Passage route was staffed with patrols . The girl was in serious condition Thursday at a hospital . A resident found the girl half-naked and bleeding from the head on a snowy walkway on the side of his home . She lay for about two hours in the cold before she was discovered . She was conscious but barely moving when she was found , authorities said . "  Just opening up the door , and take a morning sweep of the sidewalks and to find something like that is just shocking , " said Michael Klockowski , the resident on the city 's Northwest Side who found the school girl . The snow outside his home was still stained Thursday . Parents and residents are now questioning the safety of the program in a city that has been plagued by gun-related murders . "  Everybody is scared . It can happen to any of our kids , so everybody is worried , " Ada Cambron , a parent , said Thursday . "  In the morning , you never see police walking around and stuff like that . " When told that police officers were patrolling the Safe Passages on foot on Thursday , Cambron acknowledged the police presence but noted it took the rape of a student to prompt the patrol . "  It should n't be that way , " she said . City and school officials doubled the number of Safe Passage routes this fall to accommodate more children being forced to walk greater distances to school because the school system closed a record 48 elementary schools amid a $ 1 billion budget shortfall . About 12,000 students are attending new schools this year because of the budget crisis , and many of them must walk through some of Chicago 's most violent neighborhoods . Another parent , Sharon Rafael , said she liked the program but was skeptical of its monitoring as she stood outside a school with her small daughter and held a pink "  Pretty Princess Puzzles " book . "  I think it works , but it just needs a little bit more security on it , " Rafael said . "  Like , OK , you can patrol it right now , but later on , like in a few weeks , they 'll forget about it . And they wo n't be around anymore . " Ariel Reboyras , the alderman representing the area where the assault occurred , defended the Safe Passage program . The student rape occurred about 6 a.m. when it was still dark outside . "  We ca n't say it was a result of a problem with Safe Passage , but we know that it 's not supposed to happen , " the alderman said . Police were still searching Thursday for a suspect . CNN 's George Howell reported from Chicago , and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	A 15-year-old girl is dragged , beaten , raped on her way to high school She was just a half block away from a "  Safe Passage " route to students But she was walking a half hour before patrols began on the Safe Passage Alarmed parents say the passages are not as patrolled as the city claims
CNN  -- It was a weekend that Brandt Snedeker and Hunter Mahan will never forget . For Snedeker , it saw him clinch a three-shot victory at the Canadian Open and climb to third in the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup standings . But the American benefited from the withdrawal from the tournament of halfway leader Hunter Mahan , who left the Glen Abbey Golf Club in Ontario after receiving news his wife Kandi had gone into labor . Kandi gave birth to a daughter , Zoe Olivia Mahan , and Snedeker plans to send the newborn a gift for inadvertently aiding his sixth PGA Tour win . "  Zoe will be getting a very nice baby gift from me , " the 32-year-old told the PGA Tour 's website after finishing the tournament 16-under par ahead of William McGirt in second place . "  I ca n't thank Kandi enough for going into labor early . I do n't know if I 'd be sitting here if she had n't . "  But that is a way more important thing than a golf tournament . I missed a golf tournament when my first was born , and it was the best decision I ever made . I 'm sure Hunter would say the same thing . " Snedeker is the reigning FedEx Cup champion and Sunday 's win , his second of 2013 , leaves him behind compatriots Matt Kuchar and world No. 1 Tiger Woods in the standings . "  It feels great to get a win , " added Snedeker . "  To validate all the hard work I 've put in over the past three months where I have n't played my best and know that I 'm working on the right stuff and able to hold up under some pretty serious pressure this afternoon . "  To win a tournament like this with those pivotal holes coming down the stretch means a lot . "	Brandt Snedeker wins Canadian Open by three shots Halfway leader Hunter Mahan pulled out to attend birth of his daughter Snedeker 's win in Ontario was his second of the 2013 season The American is in contention to defend the FedEx Cup title he won in 2012
San Diego  CNN  -- The breathtakingly incompetent way that Disney handled the introduction of what was thought to be the Magic Kingdom 's first Hispanic princess has me wondering : What kind of Mickey Mouse operation is this ? Given that Hispanics spending power is worth $ 1.2 trillion , it 's not surprising the media and entertainment behemoth wants a slice of it . But Disney 's attempt has turned into a case study of how not to market a product to any group , let alone Hispanics . Talk about magic . Apparently , Disney has the power to take Hispanics and "  de-Hispanicize " them . You start off chocolate , or cafe con leche . Then , suddenly , abracadabra , you 're vanilla ! News : Backlash for Disney 's first Latina princess The first casualty is Princess Sofia . Meet Disney 's newest princess , who is set to make her debut November 18 on the Disney Channel in the TV movie "  Sofia the First : Once Upon a Princess . " A TV series is scheduled to follow in 2013 on both the Disney Channel and Disney Junior . Sofia is the latest addition to a very exclusive club that also happens to be one of the most lucrative franchises in the Magic Kingdom . You have the Old Guard : Snow White , Cinderella , Belle and Sleeping Beauty . Then you have the racial and ethnic wing : Mulan  Asian  , Jasmine  Middle Eastern  , Pocahontas  Native American  and Tiana  African-American  . Now here comes Sofia  ?  . That 's the problem . We 're not sure what Sofia is . According to Craig Gerber , co-executive producer and writer on the project , Sofia was born and raised in Enchancia , a "  make-believe ` melting pot ' kingdom . " Usually , a little ambiguity might not be such a bad thing . We 're a multicultural country . So what if a cartoon figure has an ethnic background that is unknown or undefined ? No harm done . Except for one thing . As recently as seven days ago , Sofia was Hispanic . In fact , she was introduced -- informally , haphazardly and clumsily -- as Disney 's first Hispanic princess by someone who ought to know : the executive producer of the TV movie , Jaime Mitchell . In discussing Sofia with Entertainment Weekly , she confirmed : "  She is Latina . " Mitchell also confirmed that Sofia was the first Hispanic princess to hold court in the Magic Kingdom . The clues were there , but you had to hunt for them . Sofia 's name is spelled the Spanish way -- with an "  f , " not a "  ph. " Her mother has a dark complexion , and her name is "  Miranda . " And that character will have the voice of Latina actress Sara Ramirez of "  Grey 's Anatomy . "  Sofia is being voiced by "  Modern Family " star Ariel Winter .  And Gerber explained that , while Sofia is of "  mixed heritage , " her mother is described as having come from "  an enchanted kingdom inspired by Spain  Galdiz  . " News : Disney producer ` misspoke ' : ` First Latina princess ' is n't Latina As the father of two little girls -- ages 7 and 3 -- this was good enough for me . The day the news broke , bracing for a Disney-style merchandizing juggernaut , I playfully posted on my wife 's Facebook page a link to the story with the message : "  We 've finally arrived . Daddy , open wallet . " Then , ethnic pride gave way to ethnic squabbles . By being coy about Sofia 's background , Disney created a vacuum . Into it , stepped three groups -- all pushing their own agendas . There were activists who saw the fact that the company was being vague about the princess as an insult . They asked : If she is Hispanic , what 's wrong with that ? Why not just admit it ? There were Latino bloggers eager to engage in that favorite parlor game : "  I 'm authentic , you 're not . " If Sofia was Hispanic , why was she light-skinned ? What 's wrong with dark skin ? Then there were those who , responding to the bloggers , pushed back against the idea that Hispanics had to look a certain way to be authentic . Do n't we come in all colors ? It all gave me flashbacks to college -- and a headache . Meanwhile , Disney had a headache of its own . It had worked out this whole complicated salsa dance that was suddenly getting a lot more complicated . It wanted a Hispanic product that would appeal to Hispanics but would also , apparently , not turn off non-Hispanics . It wanted something that could be specific to one group and yet broad in its appeal , part of an ethnic niche and yet blended into the mainstream . Good luck with that . It was easier turning Pinocchio into a real boy . And now , because Mitchell had spoken out of school , and said publicly what I 'm sure the Disney creative team had discussed privately -- that , yes , of course , Sofia is Hispanic -- the company was getting all the blame and none of the credit . And so , this week , it announced that there had been a misunderstanding and that Sofia was , well , just Sofia . Nancy Kanter , senior vice president of original programming and general manager of Disney Junior Worldwide , went to the Facebook page for "  Sofia the First " and posted a statement that read : "  Some of you may have seen the recent news stories on whether Sofia is or is n't a ` Latina princess . ' What 's important to know is that Sofia is a fairytale girl who lives in a fairytale world . " Gee , you 're kidding . How did I miss that ? Sofia may be make-believe , but this public relations blunder is as real as it gets . Whereas my mother 's generation , and my wife 's had to put up with being ignored and overlooked by the worlds of media and entertainment , Disney has taught my girls that there is something worse -- when being designated "  Hispanic " is treated as a mistake that has to be corrected . No fairytale ending here . The new Disney princess is not Hispanic and not historic . About this , a lot of Hispanics -- 52 million Americans who do n't like being played with -- are going to be , well , not happy . Daddy , close wallet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Disney 's newest princess , Sofia , may or may not be Hispanic Navarrette : Executive producer said Sofia is Hispanic , but Disney said she 's just a princess He says a lot of Hispanics -- 52 million Americans -- do n't like being played with Navarrette : Disney wants to dip into the Hispanic market but botched it with this attempt
Former CIA Director Michael Hayden as well as some top political voices are issuing blistering responses to the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report on torture . Hayden , whose tenure over the agency was skewered in the report , fired back at the findings , growing emotional in an interview and saying he was taken out of context . "  I think the conclusions they drew were analytically offensive and almost street-like in their simplistic language and conclusions , " he told Politico Magazine . The new report says the CIA misled the public on its enhanced interrogation program for post-9 / 11 detainees during the George W. Bush era . It details brutal scenes of torture , harsher than what the CIA had disclosed in the past . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who steered the Senate investigation , blasted Hayden in her Senate floor speech Tuesday for providing deceptive testimony about the program to the committee when he met with them in 2007 . Top takeaways from the CIA torture report Feinstein said that Hayden painted a "  starkly " different picture of certain interrogations in a hearing than what committee staff members learned about those interrogations from cables . "  The cables  described brutal , around-the-clock interrogations ... in which multiple coercive techniques were used in combination and with substantial repetition , " Feinstein said on the floor . "  It was an ugly , visceral description . " Hayden , who ran the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , said that 's simply "  untrue . " To back up his point , he noted that the Obama administration , which investigated CIA-detainee interrogations , did n't prosecute anyone . "  You ca n't have all this supposed documentary evidence saying the agency mistreated these prisoners and then Barack Obama 's and Eric Holder 's Department of Justice saying no , you 've got bupkus here , " Hayden said . Hayden insisted he was treated unfairly and disproportionately in the report , stressing that he became CIA director late in the game . "  Everything here happened before I got there -LSB- to the CIA -RSB- , and I 'm the one she -LSB- Sen. Feinstein -RSB- condemns on the floor of the Senate ? Gee , how 'd that happen ? " he said . CIA report 's most shocking passages "  I 'm the dumb son of a b -- who went down and tried to lay out this program in great detail to them , " he continued . "  I 'm mentioned twice as much in there as -LSB- former CIA Director -RSB- George Tenet â $ " but George and -LSB- former CIA Director -RSB- Porter Goss had 97 detainees during their tenure , while I had two . " He said statements he made about the program 's later days -- when the interrogation system was better regulated and more finely tuned -- were applied to the earlier days of the program when he was n't in charge . "  It misrepresents what I said , " he said . Hagel on torture report release : ` We want to be prepared ' "  I would never lie to the committee , " he also said in the interview . "  I did not lie . " Former Democratic Sen. Bob Kerrey of Nebraska , who previously served on the intelligence committee , argued that his former colleagues were part of a partisan effort . Democrats , he wrote in an op-ed for USA Today , "  started out with the premise that the CIA was guilty and then worked to prove it . " He hammered the committee for relying on documents rather than interviews during the investigation and said the "  most significant missed opportunity " was the fact that the report included no recommendations . "  No one would claim the program was perfect or without its problems . But equally , no one with real experience would claim it was the completely ineffective and superfluous effort this report alleges . " Republicans on the Senate committee also defended the CIA , releasing a rebuttal Tuesday that questioned the methodology of the Senate five-year-long probe . Their statement said the report created the "  false impression that the CIA was actively misleading policy makers and impeding the counterterrorism efforts of other federal government agencies during the Program 's operation . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said he understands why torture was used on detainees and argued that American officers are n't the bad guys . "  At the end of the day , I 'm trying to distinguish ourselves from our enemies , " he said Tuesday on Fox News . "  They crucify people , they rape women , they sell them into slavery , they will kill people 's children before their eyes . " The techniques in question that were analyzed in the report were used to prevent another 9/11 , Graham said . "  When you roll up some of these guys , you 're very anxious to get out of them whatever you can to prevent the next attack , " he continued . "  I understand why people did this . "	Former CIA chief Michael Hayden is "  upset " about the report 's methodology Ex-Sen . Bob Kerrey , a Democrat , blasts the Democratic-led probe as "  partisan " Republicans on the committee say the report gives a "  false impression "
CNN  -- We do a lot for -- and to -- our children in the name of parenting . I know when I get it kinda right , I know when I get it mostly wrong , and I know when I 've been lucky . I will tell you that giving my teenage son a debit check card last summer was the best thing I 've ever done for him . I will also tell you that move was pure luck . I did n't plan to give him the card in order to teach him some grand lesson about life . I 'm not that clever . Truth is , I was dropping him off at a monthlong summer camp and wanted to make sure he had some money in his pocket for pizza . So when I picked him up and he told me he had money left over , I was confused . "  Whose child is this and where is mine ? " This could n't be my son because my son claims he can barely get by with $ 50 on a night out with his friends . Clearly I had picked up Suze Orman 's kid by mistake . Intrigued , I decided to see if he was really frugal or if he had just misplaced his card for a couple of weeks and did n't want to tell me . So I deposited the money I had set aside for shopping for his school clothes into his account and told him to make it work . And man , did he ever . My son was comparing prices -- hitting the sale racks -- and he even returned items he later deemed too expensive or unnecessary . All on his own . It was like the Hunger Games in a mall . Since then , pizzas only need one topping , chai lattes are few and far between and he packs his own lunch instead of hitting the fast food places down the street from school . "  The first few times I blew it , " my 15-year-old told me . "  I 'd have all of this stuff and the cashier would be , like , ` I 'm sorry , sir , your card has been declined . ' I 'd stand there and look surprised , my response was normally something like ` Whaaaaat ? Or ` Really ? Hmm , one moment . I need to call my dad . ' But you would n't always pick up , so I 'd have to take stuff back . Now I 've learned to keep up with my balance so I can save myself the embarrassment . " In other words , he 's gotten cheap . And not because I made him do anything , but because he 's figuring life out for himself . It was the first time in my life I knew I was doing a good job . Grades , opening door for strangers , saying thank you , those are all signs that he listens to me . Making good decisions as an independent free thinker , that 's a sign that he gets it . Seeing my son 's relationship with money transform in less than a year provided me with a snapshot of what his behavior might look like when he 's an adult , and all I could do was smile and exhale , thinking "  He 's going to be all right . " Growing up , I did n't know anything about money other than we did n't have any . In retrospect , it would 've been helpful if my parents had told me why . But as the research shows , most parents have the money talk in the same way they have the sex talk , and that is to say , they do n't . T. Rowe Price released a study last month that found 77 % of parents do n't always tell their kids the truth about money matters , and nearly a third of parents surveyed said they do n't talk to their kids about family finances at all . I guess part of the reason is that the picture is n't always very pretty . In 2007 , U.S. household debt was equal to the GDP . But just because the money talk is n't comfortable does n't mean we should avoid it , and a debit check card is a good way to bring it up . I have found since my son has started to feel the pain firsthand , when I talk to him about the bills around the house , he listens with empathy . When I remind him to turn the lights off when he leaves a room , he has an understanding of why that goes beyond "  because I said so . " I still run him to track practice , the movies , anywhere he wants to go , but he gets why I plot out the errands ahead of time so I can use the least amount of gas possible . Best of all , when he asks for something I think is unreasonable , I do n't lie and tell him we ca n't afford it -- as nearly 33 % of parents do . Rather I tell him the truth : It 's not worth it . And I tell him why . You know for years , I 've heard financial experts stress the importance of teaching your kids about money , but it was n't until I saw my own son 's perspective change that I became a true believer . So , I encourage all parents out there to give it a try with their kids . I promise , even if you open a checking account for them and only deposit $ 10 , the return in their lives will come back a hundredfold in wisdom . Over spring break I read him the story about Warren Sapp , the former NFL star who recently filed for bankruptcy . I did n't mean to laugh at someone else 's misfortune , but we both could n't help but crack up when I told him among Sapp 's listed "  assets " were 240 pairs of Jordan athletic shoes worth an estimated $ 6,500 . "  How is that an asset ? " my son asked . "  It 's not , " I said . And then we started laughing again -- him because the story was funny , me because I know I just got lucky . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson accidentally engaged in good parenting by giving his son a debit card LZ 's son , in control of his money , compared prices , went to sales , returned stuff Now LZ 's son understands how you must conserve money and spend wisely LZ says parents need to speak truthfully to their kids about household finances , money
CNN  -- The second Powerball ticket holder in last month 's record jackpot has come forward to claim winnings worth nearly $ 200 million before taxes , the Arizona Lottery said Friday . "  It is difficult to express just how thankful we are for this wonderful gift , " said the winner , a married man in his 30s whom the lottery said it would not identify publicly , at his request . "  We are extremely grateful and feel fortunate to now have an increased ability to support our charities and causes . Obviously , this has been incredibly overwhelming , and we have always cherished our privacy . " The message directed reporters to the law firm Rhoads & Sinon LLP in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , which did not immediately return a call on Friday night . The winner lives in Fountain Hills , northeast of Phoenix , said Karen Bach , director of budget , communications and products at the Arizona Lottery . He and his wife relocated there about a year ago from Pennsylvania and had played Powerball in Arizona only twice , she said . The $ 587.6 million jackpot from the November 28 drawing had a cash option of $ 384.7 million before taxes . The Arizona winner has opted to take cash , $ 192.5 million , before taxes . Fake lottery winner may be Facebook 's most shared photo On the day of the drawing , he went to 4 Sons Food Store in Fountain Hills , "  handed the clerk a $ 20 bill and he said , ` I 'd like 10 in Quick Pick Powerball tickets , ' " she told reporters . "  The retailer tried to encourage him to spend the entire $ 20 and he said , ` No , $ 10 is all I want to spend . ' Clearly , that was enough . " He left his ticket overnight on the sun visor in his vehicle and retrieved it the next day , after he and his wife heard there had been a winner in Arizona . Then they compared the numbers on the ticket against those posted on the lottery website , she said . "  They checked the numbers over and over again and were just absolutely shocked , " Bach said . Since then , the couple has assembled a legal and financial team to guide them through the process and began meeting with them on Monday , going so far as to use a whiteboard to write down how they wanted to allocate their newfound assets , Bach said . Columns on the whiteboard included entries for financial , legal and "  fun , " she said . The couple opted to claim the prize before the end of the year "  because of concerns over the fiscal cliff in 2013 , " she said . The winnings are to be awarded on about December 14 , said Jeff Hatch-Miller , executive director of the Arizona Lottery . Hatch-Miller , who met Friday morning with the winner in a hotel suite in Scottsdale , said the winner likes what he does and has no immediate plans to change it . "  The winner said , ` You know , I like my job ; I 'd like to continue working my job , ' " Hatch-Miller said . He described the man 's work as "  just a regular job , like yours or mine -- it 's not a high-level job . " The winner 's anonymity is not likely to last . A spokeswoman for the Arizona Lottery , Cindy Esquer , said it would release his name on Monday to news organizations that file Freedom of Information Act requests for it . Two winners from Missouri claimed their half of the jackpot on November 30 . The prize is considered income by the IRS , meaning that the highest federal tax rate of 35 % will apply . Each winner would therefore owe $ 67 million to the IRS , said Mark Luscombe , principal analyst at tax research firm CCH , in an interview last month . State taxes will also apply . In Arizona , a resident who has the winning ticket will be charged a 5 % tax on the prize money . If a non-resident bought the winning ticket , a 6 % rate will apply . The resulting tax bill will be either $ 10 million or $ 11 million , according to CCH . Ohio cops share $ 1million Powerball prize Missouri charges residents and non-residents a 4 % tax , making the tax liability there nearly $ 8 million . Taking both state and federal taxes into consideration means the Arizona winner would owe up to $ 78 million in taxes and take home $ 114 million . The Missouri winner 's tax bill would total about $ 75 million , leaving a take of $ 117.5 million . However , in either case , the amount paid in state taxes could likely be deducted on the winners ' federal tax returns , lowering the overall tax liability slightly .	NEW : Winner expresses thanks while seeking privacy Two winners from Missouri have already claimed their share of the prize Last month 's $ 587.6 million jackpot was the largest in Powerball history Arizona winner is married , in his 30s and plans to keep his job , lottery official says
CNN  -- The gruesome civil war in Syria has terrorized residents and left world leaders scrambling to stop the carnage that mounts daily . Here are the latest developments in the spiraling 18-month crisis : On the ground : Explosions , casualties Fighting and shelling persisted all day Sunday and into Monday morning in Aleppo , with both the regime and the opposition blaming each other for dozens of fatalities . A bomb landed on a kindergarten in Aleppo , leveling a residential block and causing a "  great number " of casualties , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said Sunday . The opposition activist group described it as a barrel bomb attack , saying regime forces have been dropping barrels full of TNT , nails and fuel onto civilian areas . The Syrian Network for Human Rights reported that warplanes shelled a residential building next to a nursery , causing its collapse and leading to "  dozens of martyrs and casualties . " Syrian state-run media , meanwhile , said Sunday that regime forces had killed numerous "  terrorists " in Aleppo and freed 30 people who had been "  kidnapped by the armed terrorist groups . " Heart-rending choices in warzone hospital For over a year , the Syrian government has refused to acknowledge the popular uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's rule and has blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for fueling the bloodshed . Meanwhile , 27 civilians were killed and another 64 wounded in a car bombing near two hospitals in western Aleppo , the state-run SANA news agency reported , citing Aleppo 's Gov. Mohammed Wahid . This blast significantly damaged the two hospitals , a school and other buildings . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed that 27 people had died in the attack around what is known as the Earth area of Aleppo . It was not immediately clear , the opposition group said , whether those killed were civilians or regime forces . The violence was hardly confined to Aleppo , however . Across the country , at least 160 people were killed Sunday , opposition activists said . A quarter of those deaths were in and around the Syrian capital , as well as 22 in Daraa and 22 in Homs -- nine of them killed in a "  massacre " in Rastan , according to the LCC . The opposition group reported Sunday evening that 19 people on one Damascus street died "  after a mortar shell landed on homes in the area . " Citing a source , state media reported 14 "  terrorists " were killed in a clash with regime forces in the al-Qusayr countryside . Both SANA and the LCC , on its Facebook page , identified the same three men as being killed in the area -- with the opposition group saying they died after "  a land mine planted by regime forces in a road exploded . " U.N. employee shot dead in Damascus In the country 's capital , a 28-year-old employee of the United Nations ' Palestinian refugee agency died Sunday after a bullet struck him in the chest , the agency said . Baby survives as family dies in Syrian onslaught It was unclear whether his death , which occurred just south of the Yarmouk residential area in Damascus , "  was caused by a stray bullet or one fired by a sniper , " the United Nations Relief and Works Agency  UNRWA  said in a statement . The death was the second in three days for a U.N employee working around Yarmouk , which the world body said is home to about 1 million Syrians and 150,000 Palestinian refugees . Ten Palestinian refugees were also killed between September 6 and 8 by violence stemming from the broader civil war . Late Sunday night , the opposition Local Coordination Committees accused Syrian forces of launching "  raids and  making  indiscriminate arrests in a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus . "  UNRWA deplores the tragic loss of life and expresses the view that threats to  Palestinian  refugees and other civilians can be avoided . All sides must refrain from conducting the conflict in civilian areas and must comply with their obligations under international law , " the statement said . Diplomatic front : New envoy to Syria to work with Arab leaders International envoy Lakhdar Brahimi arrived in Cairo on Sunday to meet with Arab League officials on the Syrian crisis , Egyptian state media reported . This is Brahimi 's first such meeting since becoming the U.N.-Arab League special envoy to Syria . He faces the daunting task of trying to help stop the bloodshed in the war-torn country . While in Egypt , Brahimi will meet with Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby and several Syrian opposition figures to talk about the Syrian crisis , his spokesman Ahmed Fawzi told Egypt 's state-run MENA news agency . British Foreign Secretary William Hague will arrive in Cairo on Monday night for a two-day visit focused on Syria , the Palestinian-Israeli issue and economic matters , according to MENA . A family 's desperate story After spending a few days in Egypt , Brahimi has said he will head next to Damascus . Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Eraqij told his nation 's semi-official Mehr news agency on Sunday that Brahimi has indicated he 'll visit Tehran soon after his trip to Syria . The United Nations says more than 18,000 people -- mostly civilians -- have been killed in Syria since March 2011 . Opposition activists put the toll much higher , at more than 24,000 people . Jouejati , an LCC spokeswoman , said Sunday that the situation should be classified as "  genocide . " CNN can not independently verify death tolls because the Syrian government has severely restricted access to the country by foreign journalists . Russia : Sanctions against Syria hurt Russian business Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said U.S. sanctions on Syria and Iran are harming Russian business interests . "  The unilateral American sanctions against Syria and Iran are increasingly becoming extraterritorial in nature and are directly affecting the interests of Russian business , in particular banks , " Lavrov said Saturday , according to the state news agency RIA Novosti . The United States and other Western countries have sharply criticized Russia , accusing it of defending the Syrian regime for financial interests and thereby allowing the regime 's bloody crackdown on dissidents to continue . Russia , along with China , has repeatedly vetoed attempts at the U.N. Security Council to take tougher action against the Syrian government . But Russia will push the Security Council to endorse a peace plan that would set up a transitional government in Syria , RIA Novosti reported . World leaders agreed on the plan in Geneva this year . But while U.S. and British leaders said they do n't foresee al-Assad in the transitional government , Russia said the Geneva plan "  did not imply that Assad should step down , " RIA Novosti said . U.S. politician says his country needs to take further action U.S. Sen. John McCain blasted President Barack Obama for not doing more to back the Syrian opposition , calling his administration 's actions thus far "  shameful . " The Arizona Republican said the United States should get opposition fighters weapons "  so it 's a fair fight " and establish a "  sanctuary or free zone " from which the opposition can operate . He said he is not asking that U.S. troops be sent into Syria to battle government forces . McCain , the ranking member of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee , said a lack of international action to date has contributed to the "  rise of extremists , rise of al Qaeda ,  and a  greater threat of chemical weapons . " "  We 've sat still and watched this massacre go on now  with  over 20,000 people  killed  , " he told CNN Saturday . "  How many have to die before we act ? " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Roba Alhenawi , Amir Ahmed and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : State media reports 27 civilians are killed in a car bombing in Aleppo An opposition group says a barrel bomb flattens a residential block in that city At least 160 people are killed across Syria on Sunday , an opposition group says A U.N. envoy will meet officials in Cairo , then head to Syria , Egyptian media reports
CNN  -- The New England Patriots will open the door to the media at 10:15 Tuesday morning . That line likely will be a lot longer than usual . With multiple media reports saying Tim Tebow is set to sign with the team , there will be many reporters angling for their first look at the polarizing backup quarterback in a new jersey . NFL.com , ESPN and other media outfits cited league sources in saying the 25-year-old former Heisman Trophy winner had come to terms with the Patriots on Monday . ESPN reported Tebow is expected to join the Patriots for a mandatory three-day training camp in Foxborough , Massachusetts . The Patriots declined to comment on the rumor , saying head coach Bill Belichick would have a 10:45 a.m. news conference . "  I am sure it will be addressed then , " team spokesman Stacey James wrote in an e-mail . In three NFL seasons , Tebow , who was waived by the New York Jets in April , has played 35 games and completed 48 % of his passes . He has been praised and panned for being outspoken about his Christian faith , including taking a prayerful position at games that has led to a Internet photo craze known as "  Tebowing . " Critics have said he does n't throw well enough to be an NFL quarterback . If he does sign with the Patriots , he will be reunited with offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels , who was the head coach of the Denver Broncos when they drafted Tebow in the first round in 2010 . He will also get an opportunity to learn from starting quarterback Tom Brady , who in 14 years has won three Super Bowls and been the NFL 's most valuable player twice . Tebow played for the New York Jets in 2012 , rarely taking snaps but sometimes playing other positions in specialty formations on offense . He also played on the punting unit . The Patriots released Mike Kafka , a backup quarterback , on Monday . NFL players often have to pass a physical before they sign with a team .	Tim Tebow has been praised , criticized for showing his Christian faith He also has critics who say he 's not talented enough to play pro football Tebow played with the New York Jets last season after two seasons in Denver He played quarterback and other positions on offense with the Jets
CNN  -- In the midst of heated political campaigns and real wars abroad , it is noteworthy that two columnists writing for the most consequential newspaper in the world , The New York Times , took a different tack on Sunday and ended up in the same place : A discussion of sexual nihilism and the modern woman . They are on to something . Maureen Dowd 's column , titled "  She 's Fit to Be Tied , " looks at E.L James 's "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " a trilogy of erotic , bondage-themed fiction . Dowd expressed surprise over the popularity of the books in which a 21-year-old innocent girl becomes a sexual "  submissive " of a rich , powerful 27-year-old businessman . While we 're steeped in a so-called "  war on women , " Dowd wonders "  why women are thronging to the story of an innocent who jumps into the arms of a Seattle sadist with a ` Red Room of Pain ' full of chains , clamps , whips , canes , flogs and cuffs , falling in love to the soundtrack of the Police 's ` King of Pain . ' " Dowd cites the remarkable success of the trilogy among Generation X women -- the contemporaries , allies and beneficiaries of the modern feminist movement . And yet , the narrative flies in the face of women 's progress . For example , a contract that the girl signs with the man stipulates that "  the Dominant may flog , spank , whip or corporally punish the Submissive as he sees fit , for purposes of discipline , for his own personal enjoyment or for any other reason , which he is not obliged to provide . " If this is progress for women , what would regression look like ? Dowd 's colleague , Frank Bruni , reflected on a similar subject in his column , "  The Bleaker Sex , " on Lena Dunham 's new HBO series "  Girls . " In this unglamorous , dull version of "  Sex in the City , " Dunham stars as a contemporary , twenty-something woman playing second fiddle to the bizarre , dominating sexual fantasies of her boyfriend . Her first sex scene opens with her back to her boyfriend , inertly and joylessly submitting to his commands . Bruni recoils at the idea of this . He writes , "  You watch these scenes and other examples of the zeitgeist-y , early-20s heroines of ` Girls ' engaging in , recoiling from , mulling and mourning sex , and you think : Gloria Steinem went to the barricades for this ? " Bruni goes on to grapple with Dunham 's loveless sex scenes and wonders whether today 's onslaught of pornography and easy sex has desensitized men to the point where they view women , to recall the words of an earlier day , only as objects . Even the act of sex itself is boring to some men unless it is ratcheted up in some strange , deviant fashion -- all at the expense of the thoroughly humiliated and debased woman . In the act of degrading women , men are also degrading themselves . And the voyeurism , inspired by such entertainment , debases men and women even more . This is a parlous , dreadful outcome for both sexes .  As I have written previously , men in our time , particularly young men , are having trouble in many ways . As Bruni asked : Is this what feminism fought for ? In the 1970s we were told to respect women , treat them as more than sexual objects and treat their humanity the same as ours . Is any of this still true today ? The insightful Hanna Rosin , author of the forthcoming book , "  The End of Men , " wrote in The Wall Street Journal recently , "  Studies do indeed show that women are no more happy than they were in the 1970s . " Wharton School economists Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers confirmed this in a 2009 study that argues women 's happiness appeared to be in decline despite advances in education and the workforce . Well , how could women be happy with what is described in "  Fifty Shades of Grey " and "  Girls " ? Take note that this disheartening and dismal tableau of modern liberated sex comes not from pro-family conservatives , who have been condemning this turn in our culture for some time , but from two stars of the liberal commentariat . Dowd and Bruni leave us wondering the same thing Peggy Lee did a generation ago in her song , "  Is That All There Is ? " Is there no alternative to the "  Red Room of Pain " and Dunham 's demoralizing sexual encounters ? Yes , there is . Consider one of the most well regarded writers of the Victorian era , Mary Ann Evans , better known to us by her pen name , George Eliot . In her novel , "  Daniel Deronda , " she says of love , "  For what is love itself , for the one we love best ? -- an enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love . " In an enfoldment of immeasurable cares in a real and true love , there is immeasurable intimacy too , including a richly satisfying sexual intimacy that finds no equal or parallel in a callous and casual hookup culture . It is worth pointing out that this desideratum -- deep sexual satisfaction -- is found most often , as has been empirically verified over and over again , in what is often called , derisively , traditional marriage . Given the possibilities and fantasies presented in "  Fifty Shades of Grey " or "  Girls , " some of which have been so graphically laid out and laid bare in our oversaturated TV and Internet culture , can it not be argued that what Eliot described is the option most worth considering again , at least once everything else has been tried and found so painfully wanting ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : An erotic trilogy and a HBO series paint discouraging portraits of women Bennett : Demoralizing sexual encounters debase both women and men He says we should take a piece of advice from the Victorian author George Eliot Bennett : Traditional marriage is the place to find true sexual satisfaction
CNN  In the gentle yet fiercely warm surrounds of the southern Ugandan countryside , Mwanja Banuli looks on as farmhands fill his truck with sugar cane . Packing this rough , woody crop is heavy going and making sure every inch of space is utilized is key . Transport costs money , after all , and this humble sugar farmer has lots of costs to consider . "  There are many challenges in this business , " Banuli says . "  Rent for our land costs about $ 300 and then you need to pay people to clear the land . "  You have to hire a tractor for ploughing and tilling the land . When you add up all these expenses , it 's a big investment . " Searching for Sugarman In Uganda , sugar is big business . This particular batch is headed for Kakira Sugar Limited -- one of the country 's oldest and largest factories . Kakira was founded by Muljibai Madhvani , an immigrant from the Indian subcontinent in the late 1920s . It 's a company still going strong to this day . "  What you see in the background is the first mill that was installed in 1930 to crush only 150 tons of cane , " explains Kenneth Barungi , assistant general manager of Kakira at the site of the company 's nearby factory . "  Kakira  started expanding every 10 years , every 20 years , modernizing , acquiring more land , introducing irrigation , expanding the crushing capacity . By  the 1970s  they were producing about 83,000 tons of sugar . " "  That was about 50 % of all the sugar produced in Uganda . At that time they  Kakira  contributed to about 53 % of the national GDP ... just because of manufacturing and industry , " he added . Dawn of dictatorship It was at this time , however , that history intervened in the shape of one of the 20th century 's most brutal rulers . After a military coup in 1971 , army commander Idi Amin Dada seized power . The former heavyweight boxer made himself Uganda 's president and a brutal dictatorship followed . The often erratic Amin praised Hitler and said the German dictator "  was right to burn six million Jews . " He even bizarrely offered to be king of Scotland if asked . Within a year he had expelled the country 's Asian population , numbering around 35,000 . After almost 50 years , the Madhvanis were no longer welcome in Uganda . Those who stayed , did so at their own risk . "  When Idi Amin told every Asian to leave , they all left the country and went mainly to the UK , " Barungi continued , adding that he believes this when Uganda began to economically fall apart . "  All industries collapsed , all international trade collapsed . There was no longer available foreign exchange to import machinery . Even if you imported the machinery you did n't have technical expertise here to run such industries . " "  Within a few years Kakira Sugar Industries had collapsed , but so had infrastructure in Uganda . Social services , everything had collapsed . " A new start After Idi Amin was deposed in 1979 , however , some of the ejected population slowly started coming back to Uganda . Among the returnees were the Madhvanis . The country they left behind , however , was a very different place . "  The factory was a skeleton , " Barungi said . "  There was no longer a sugar plantation , the houses were occupied by anybody . There was no business to run so it  the plantation  was just an empty shell . " The Madhvanis quickly borrowed money from the World Bank and the African Development Bank and set about rebuilding their business . It has grown rapidly over the last 25 years and now produces 18,000 tons of sugar  a year  , Barungi said . But the effects of the macabre , harrowing events of recent history still linger . A sweeter deal ? Some reports suggest some black Ugandan workers resented how certain sections of the Indian mercantile class treated them . These days , however , Kakira says it strives to promote a responsible philosophy for how it interacts with its workers . Not only is this the right way to engage with people in its employ , they believe , it also improves productivity and staff mobility . Kakira has built schools and hospitals to cater for their staff and their families while the company has also founded the Kakira Outgrowers Rural Development Fund  KORD  , an NGO that provides the likes of workshops , loans and other services for its contractors . Besides nearly 8,000 staff members , Kakira has almost as many contract workers in the shape of farmers , like Mwanja Banuli . They farm the lands neighboring the plantations and are contracted to Kakira , supplying 70 % of its sugarcane needs . "  To be able to sustain business you want agricultural farmers , plantation workers , you want factory workers and the vision of Muljibhai Mudhvani was to develop human resources , " Barungi said . This enlightened approach saw KORD awarded with a best NGO-business partnership award from the Ugandan Manufacturers Association . But it 's the positive impact on individual lives that offers the biggest reward for many in the community . "  Before KORD I was just useless , " said Beatrice Katende , who has received assistance from the body 's programs . "  I used to work as a casual laborer for other people in the community digging in their gardens to get some income . "  When KORD came into existence we learned to farm , to save and how to be self-sufficient . " Through offering a hand up to people like Katende , Kakira hope to help themselves as well as provide assistance to other areas of the local economy . "  The main vision was to always make sure that there is labor supply always available to work at the factory . The excess can go and work in other industries in the country , " Barungi said . More from Marketplace Africa	Kakira Sugar Limited is one of Uganda 's oldest companies The company was shuttered when its owning Indian family was expelled during the reign of Idi Amin Today , Kakira is once again employing thousands of people in Uganda
Pasadena , California  CNN  -- The Mars rover Curiosity successfully raised the mast that holds many of its instruments Wednesday , giving controllers a view of the ground scorched by the rockets that deposited it on the surface . The car-sized rover landed on Mars early Monday after a harrowing descent that climaxed with its being lowered by a "  skycrane " that hovered over the landing site . Cameras mounted on Curiosity 's remote sensing mast beamed back fresh images of the site once the column was raised into position , giving NASA a view of the roughly half-meter  19-inch  "  scour marks " from the rocket exhaust . Those gouges are giving mission controllers an unexpectedly early view of the bedrock beneath the surface of Gale Crater , said John Grotzinger , a Curiosity project scientist at the California Institute of Technology . Mars rover beams back ` awesome ' shot of surface "  Apparently , there is a harder , rockier material beneath this veneer of gravel and pebbles , and obviously there 's some impact ejecta , " Grotzinger told reporters at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , where controllers operate the rover . While Curiosity is n't yet ready to start driving around , "  Here we 've already got an exploration hole drilled for us , " Grotzinger said . The mission of the mobile science laboratory is to determine whether Mars ever had an environment capable of supporting life . Its prime target is the 18,000-foot  5,500-meter  peak at the center of Gale Crater , Mount Sharp , where scientists hope to get a layer-by-layer look at the history of the planet . Grotzinger said so far , the landscape looks somewhat familiar . "  The thing that really struck the science team about this image is that you would really be forgiven for thinking that NASA was trying to pull a fast one on you and we actually put a rover out in the Mojave Desert and took a picture -- a little L.A. smog coming in there , " he said . Mars rover : Is all this really necessary ? Controllers are still activating Curiosity 's instrument package , and all antennas that will beam back data to JPL "  work perfectly , " mission manager Jennifer Trosper said Wednesday . The onboard weather monitoring unit has turned out to be "  completely healthy " following a brief glitch reported Tuesday . The high-bandwidth antenna that aims back at Earth is beaming back "  lots and lots of data " and the rover is expected to capture a color panorama of its surroundings on Thursday , she said . "  There are going to be some amazing images from that , " Trosper said . Vandi Tompkins , one of Curiosity 's operators , said images like those beamed back so far will be used to program the rover 's movements when it gets under way . Because of the time needed for a radio signal from Earth to reach the rover -- about 14 minutes at Mars ' current position -- "  We do n't command the rover with a joystick or a steering wheel in real time , " Tompkins said . "  If we were to do that , by the time we would see we were at the edge of a cliff , the rover would have driven off of it . " Opinion : Did Mars landing make science cool again ? Instead , operators use the photos to develop a plan for the next day 's operations and transmit it to the rover , which carries it out and sends back the results . Curiosity will start its third full martian day , or sol , on Thursday . A sol is about 40 minutes longer than a day on Earth . The rover is supposed to run for two years , but a previous rover , Opportunity , has been working on Mars since 2004 -- well beyond the three months NASA planned . Opportunity 's sister rover , Spirit , ran from 2004 to 2010 . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Mars landscape resembles Mojave Desert , scientist observes NEW : Images are used to program the rover for the next day , controller says Curiosity photos capture gouges left by its dramatic landing Two snags reported Tuesday have been resolved , controllers say
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- Investigators who completed their search of the California property belonging to kidnapping suspects Phillip and Nancy Garrido said initial findings do not connect the couple to the disappearances of two young girls . Ilene Misheloff , left , has been missing since 1989 ; Michaela Garecht disappeared in 1988 . But police said that they have not eliminated Phillip Garrido as a suspect in the decades-old cases . Bone fragments found on the couple 's property near Antioch could be human but are "  far too old to be relevant in our cases , " said Lt. Chris Orrey of the Hayward police department . Teeth found on an adjacent property are most likely from an animal , she said . And some anomalies found by ground-penetrating radar uncovered "  chunks of concrete , tree roots , and in one case a floor mat , " Orrey said at a news conference . Investigators had already found bone fragments at the property in unincorporated Contra Costa County , but have not said if they are human . "  Although nothing -LSB- was found -RSB- that would definitively link Phillip and Nancy Garrido to the disappearance of Ilene Misheloff or Michaela Garecht , we 're going to continue to follow up on the evidence that we have recovered , " Lt. Kurt von Savoye of the Dublin Police Department said at the news conference . "  We 're going to examine and process all items that have been taken from this property to see if there is any possible link to the Garridos . " The processing of all the evidence could take several weeks , Orrey said . Police from Hayward and Dublin began executing search warrants simultaneously last week on the Garrido property and an adjacent property to which he had access . They sought any evidence in the 1988 abduction of 9-year-old Michaela Garecht of Hayward and the 1989 disappearance of 13-year-old Ilene Misheloff of Dublin . The search of the adjacent property was also completed and the resident will be able to return soon , police said . The Garridos ' home will remain boarded up and the fence locked , Orrey said . The Garridos face a combined 29 felony counts in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , then 11 , from South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities say the couple held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years and have said Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , fathered her two children . Phillip Garrido wo n't be eliminated as a suspect because of similarities in the Dugard case and the other disappearance cases , Orrey said . "  I ca n't help but feel relief that they did n't find anything here , " Michaela 's mother , Sharon Murch , told reporters . "  If they had found something on this property , it most likely would have meant Michaela was n't alive . "	Police say they have n't eliminated Phillip Garrido as suspect in girls ' disappearances Authorities seek evidence in abductions of Michaela Garecht , Ilene Misheloff Police began executing search warrants last week on Garrido property The Garridos are accused in 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , then 11
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Omar became a major Category 3 storm Wednesday night as it barreled toward the Virgin and Leeward Islands in the West Indies , the National Hurricane Center said . A man watches waves crash into the shore Tuesday at Club Nautico in Falcon state , Venezuela . Omar is expected to continue gathering strength as it passes east of the Virgin Islands in the next few hours and makes its way to the northern Leeward Islands Thursday morning , the hurricane center said . At 11 p.m. , Omar was moving northeast at about 20 mph with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph . The hurricane 's center was about 30 miles  45 km  southwest of St. Croix and about 105 miles  165 km  southwest of St. Martin . A hurricane warning -- meaning winds of 74 mph and higher are expected within a day -- is in effect for the U.S. Virgin Islands , the islands of Vieques , Culebra , St. Martin , Saba , St. Eustatius , St. Barthelemy , the British Virgin Islands and Anguilla . See where Omar is headed " Puerto Rico is under a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch , as are St. Kitts and Nevis , the hurricane center said . As Omar approached , Hovensa , a 500,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery on St. Croix , began shutting down all processing and auxiliary equipment "  except those necessary to maintain power supply in the complex , " refinery spokesman Alex Moorhead said in a statement . Watch Venezuelans try to save homes , dogs " The move was to ensure the safety of employees and the operation of the refinery , which is jointly owned by Hess Corp. and Venezuela 's state oil company . The U.S. Coast Guard closed the Christiansted Harbor , where the refinery is located , on Tuesday , and it will remain closed until the order is lifted , Moorhead said . "  Once Hurricane Omar has passed , we will conduct an inspection of our facilities as soon as it is safe to do so . If no damage is found that would impact safe operation of the refinery , the start-up of processing units will begin in sequential order , " Moorhead said . Puerto Rico and some portions of the northern Leeward Islands , which includes the Virgin Islands , could get up to 20 inches of rain , according to the forecast . "  These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , " the hurricane center warned . Also , the storm could produce large swells affecting the western and southern coasts of the Lesser Antilles , the Caribbean islands that stretch from the Virgin Islands southward to the islands off Venezuela 's coast . The swells could cause beach erosion and damage coastal structures , the hurricane center said . Antigua , Barbuda and Montserrat are under a tropical storm warning , meaning they could experience tropical storm conditions over the coming 24 hours . A tropical storm watch is in effect for Guadeloupe . The storm 's forecast track shows it heading into the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean after crossing over the Virgin Islands and sweeping past Puerto Rico , but hurricane tracks are subject to variation , and such long-range predictions can change . Omar formed Tuesday in the eastern Caribbean . It is the 15th named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season , which began June 1 and ends November 30 .	NEW : Omar becomes Category 3 hurricane as it approaches Leeward Islands U.S. Coast Guard shuts down Christiansted Harbor , where refinery is Parts of Puerto Rico could see 20 inches of rain , mudslides , flash floods Omar is 15th named storm of hurricane season , which ends November 30
This Old House  -- There are countless varieties of tomatoes available , each of which differs from the others in taste , the size , shape and ripening time of the fruit . "  There 's only two things money ca n't buy . That 's true love and homegrown tomatoes , " songwriter Guy Clark says . When deciding what to grow , choose varieties proven to perform well in your area . Talk to neighbors and check with your extension service to learn the local favorites . And , if you 're a novice grower , choose at least a few varieties designated as All-America Selections winners . This nonprofit group tests new varieties all across the country and awards only those with outstanding growth and flavor . Their logo appears with plant descriptions in most catalogs . It 's always a good idea to experiment with a few plants of several varieties to determine the ideal tomatoes for your garden and taste buds . What 's more , growing different varieties is an insurance policy of sorts -- a disease that strikes one variety might not harm the others . These are the qualities to consider when selecting tomatoes for your garden : Growing basics Start with healthy plants . Whether homegrown or store-bought , plants should be short and stocky  6 to 10 inches tall  . Avoid plants with blossoms or fruit . You 'll pay more for plants in individual 4-inch pots , but they usually have larger root systems than those growing in cell packs . As a result , they will grow faster after transplanting . Choose the right site Tomatoes grow best in full sun  at least 8 hours daily  and well-drained soil rich in organic matter . Work a couple inches of compost or decomposed manure into the upper 6 inches of soil prior to planting . If a soil test shows the pH is below 6.0 , apply lime . This Old House : Testing soil Plant right Set plants in the garden after the danger of frost and when the soil temperatures are above 60 degrees Fahrenheit .  Experienced gardeners sometimes plant earlier and shelter plants to protect them from cold and frost . Space plants 1 1/2 to 3 feet apart  closer for determinate varieties , which spread less  . Wide spacing assures good air circulation , which discourages diseases . Plant seedlings in the ground deeper than they were growing in their pots so the lowest leaves are just above the soil level . Roots will grow along the length of the buried stem , resulting in stronger plants . And , do n't forget to water freshly planted seedlings . Most experts recommend fertilizing at planting time . But go easy on the fertilizer . In this case , less is best because too much nitrogen fertilizer results in vigorous vines with few tomatoes . The recommendation from Clemson University Extension is fairly standard : Pour about 1 pint of starter solution  2 tablespoons of 10-10-10 or 5-10-5 fertilizer per gallon of water  around each plant . This Old House : Organic lawn care Support plants Stake or cage indeterminate plants  which develop long stems  at the time of transplanting . This keeps vines and tomatoes off the ground so the fruits will be larger , cleaner and less apt to rot . Supported plants are also easier to care for and tomatoes are easier to harvest . The most common method is to support each plant with a single sturdy stake , 6 to 8 feet tall and at least 1 inch thick . Drive the stake into the ground , about 4 inches from the plant . As the plant grows , attach its stems to the stake using commercial tomato ties , strips of soft fabric or old panty hose . Leave a little slack around the stems . The general idea with staking is to limit the vines to a couple of main stems , which requires regular pruning . Supporting tomatoes in wire cylinders or cages is also popular . This method requires more work initially , but there 's no need to prune or train the plant . Give them TLC Tomatoes are n't one of those crops you can plant and forget . Check soil moisture and give plants 1 to 1 1/2 inches of water weekly , if not supplied by rain . Try not to splash water on leaves . About a month after planting -- once the soil has really warmed up -- apply a 3 - to 4-inch layer of organic mulch , such as weed-free straw . If you mulch too soon , the soil will stay cool , delaying the harvest . This Old House : Mulching a tomato garden If plants are staked , regularly pinch off the small suckers that sprout between the leafy branches and main stems . Do n't cut a knife can spread disease . Give all plants a boost during the growing season by applying a 5-10-5 or 5-10-10 fertilizer according to package directions . The best times to fertilize are when fruits are about golf ball-size and again when the first tomatoes are ripe . And speaking of ripe , pick tomatoes when they are firm and fully colored . Taste one while it 's still warm from the sun and you 'll know why tomatoes rank No. 1 with home gardeners . Get 2 Free Trial Issues COPYRIGHT © 2009 THIS OLD HOUSE VENTURES , INC. .	All-America Selections tests new tomato varieties all across the country Tomatoes grow best in full sun and well-drained soil rich in organic matter Wide spaces between plants assure air circulation and discourage diseases Tomato plants need 1 to 1 1/2 inches of water weekly , if not supplied by rain
CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan was determined to find pink Uggs . Amanda Seyfried and Lacey Chabert listened to Dido . Rachel McAdams auditioned for Cady . And Tina Fey took a lot of Winnebago rides to Toronto . It 's amazing what the "  Mean Girls " cast remembered after 10 years . Lohan , Seyfried , Chabert , McAdams and Fey  who also wrote the film  got together for Entertainment Weekly to chat about the 2004 movie and their experiences .  Lizzy Caplan , Daniel Franzese , Jonathan Bennett and Amy Poehler did n't participate . Fey said that the group all stayed at the same hotel in Toronto , where the movie was shot . It allowed for bonding , but for the writer and actress , there were also some drawbacks . "  The fire alarm would go off pretty much every night at some point -- it was just a flaw of the hotel , " she recalled . "  At the time I was coming back and forth from  ` Saturday Night Live '  a lot from New York . I do n't remember if I was weird about flying or if it was the timing , but sometimes I would go do ` SNL , ' then I would get in a Winnebago at two in the morning and be driven to Toronto . It 's so stupid . " But the members of the Plastics -- the group of girls played by McAdams , Chabert and Seyfried -- had a good time . "  Amanda and I became very close very quickly , " said Chabert , who turned 21 during filming and hosted a dinner for Canadian Thanksgiving . Chabert was obviously a good cook . "  Lacey taught me how to make pecan pie . She made my experience so magical and so safe for me , " said Seyfried . And what of Lohan ? She originally wanted to be the queen of mean , Regina , but finally gave in to director Mark Waters ' insistence that she should play Cady . The pink Uggs were part of her Method process , she laughed . Oh , there was also the Chihauhua attacking Poehler 's breast . The bit was done by placing a cocktail weiner in Poehler 's bra , McAdams recalled . "  She 's trying to do her lines and being so professional , and this dog is chomping on her fake boob . I 'll never forget that , " she said . However , though they have fond memories of the film , they 're still perplexed when people recite its very quotable lines back to them . What makes a movie quote so quotable ? McAdams was recently staying in Ireland when a fan asked her to say some of her favorites . "  I could n't think of any of them ! " she said . It worked out OK . "  She literally fed me all these lines , " McAdams said , "  Like : ` Is butter a carb ? ' "	"  Mean Girls " is 10 years old this year Cast members remember bonding over shooting in Toronto Lacey Chabert and Amanda Seyfriend bonded over Dido and pie Rachel McAdams could n't remember quotes when asked
Alpharetta , Georgia  CNN  -- His ramrod straight posture and slicked-back buzz cut give it away . Steve Venable is a boot camp veteran . But today , he 's drilling his rookies for perhaps the most challenging mission of their lives : fatherhood . One by one , an army of expectant dads files into Venable 's classroom at Northside Hospital near Atlanta , hoping to gain some wisdom from the ex-Marine-turned - "  daddy boot camp " instructor . Stephen Goodnough arrived 20 minutes early , admittedly tense . His baby girl is due in less than a month . "  I 've never babysat , I 've never taken care of a child , so that 's probably why I 've been nervous , " he said . Goodnough has the crib , the nursery , the bottles and the bibs . But he has n't a clue about what to actually do with the baby . "  It 's not like they 're power tools , " said Goodnough , a marketing manager for NAPA auto parts . "  They do n't come with instruction manuals . It 's a kid , a human life . ... You leave the hospital , and that 's it . " He 's among some 300,000 expectant dads who have turned to Boot Camp for New Dads , a program now in 45 states as well as Britain , Canada , Italy and Japan . The course started in 1990 near a Marine base in California , and has grown despite declining attendance in childbirth classes nationwide as more parents turn to the Internet . Boot camps now take place everywhere from affluent communities to low-income neighborhoods and even a prison in Ohio . "  I 'd say it 's more important in low-income communities . The role models have more impact there , " said Greg Bishop , founder of Boot Camp for New Dads . In three hours , the men in this boot camp learn a battery of "  troubleshooting and diagnostics , " including how to swaddle and soothe a crying baby , change a loaded diaper and deal with the mother during and after pregnancy . Bob Meecham 's baby is n't due until January 29 , but the anxiety is already evident on his face . "  I know what I 'm most scared of . I 'm most scared of 4 a.m. in the morning , and the baby not being able to stop crying for two hours . What do you do ? " With 10 men surrounding a brightly colored mat and blanket on the floor , Venable , a father of two , issues a disclaimer : "  I 'm not a doctor . I do n't play one on TV , and I did n't stay in a hotel last night . I 'm just a dude , " the instructor said . His assistant today is 1-month-old Anabella , daughter of recent boot camp graduate John Riley . Within minutes , Anabella morphed from smiling and tranquil to irritated and screaming . "  You 've got a set of lungs on you , " Venable said as he lay her down on the blanket . After a few swift motions with the cloth , Venable picked up the tightly wrapped infant and held her on her side , parallel to his chest . "  SHHH , " he blew loudly across her cheek . Less than six seconds later , wailing Anabella fell silent in Venable 's sturdy arms . "  It 's like magic ! " one rookie exclaimed . In addition to hands-on demonstrations and training , in this room , no subject is off limits . Females over 2 feet tall are not allowed , so men can share their concerns freely -- particularly about how to handle their mates . "  This class was my idea because I wanted something to help me learn to deal with her , " Meecham said , echoing other husbands ' concerns about their wives . "  She 's going through a lot . " Venable addresses a variety of mother-related topics , including how to help during labor , how to spot signs of postpartum depression and how to gain her trust as a caretaker . "  The biggest challenge the dad has is establishing enough credibility so that mom will relinquish control , " he said . "  If you do n't have the hands-on skills , and you do n't have knowledge of the  baby 's  cues ... it will be very hard to come to any kind of arrangement and have any kind of credibility . Those who do n't have those skills tend to get treated as secondary parents . They 'll feel sort of left out . " He said other topics men often reserve for boot camp include sex , discomfort with changing diapers and finances . Venable , who spent four years in the Marines , is among a network of experienced dads who have graduated from daddy boot camp and have come back as instructors . "  People who know me think it 's either absolutely odd or encouraging that I 'm doing this on my off time , " Venable said . But there are parallels between the Marines and daddy boot camp , he said . "  When you look at military people , they look at critical skill sets . Once they learn what those skill sets are , they practice , practice , practice until they perfect them . " He said the same holds true for quieting a bawling baby by swaddling , or wrapping a baby snugly in a blanket to mimic the feeling inside the womb . Riley , Anabella 's father , said he also returned to boot camp to help pay forward what he learned . "  It was such a help for me , I knew if I brought her in it would help everyone else , " the executive search firm owner said . Dressed in a crisp white shirt and stylish watch , Riley looks more prepared for business than a daddy boot camp , until you see the pink Snoopy blanket in tow . He said he did n't expect to be such a hands-on father , figuring he 'd primarily work while his wife took care of most baby issues . "  Once I had the baby , that completely changed my perspective on everything , " he said . "  I love it , she 's so much fun . It 's more work than I expected , but anytime I look at her face , it relieves all my problems . " Before long , Anabella produced her second dirty diaper of the class . "  OK -- next victim , " Venable said . A few groans sounded across the room as Meecham stepped up to the plate , cautiously removing a loaded diaper for the first time . "  I was like , oh man , do n't twist the baby 's ankle , make sure you get it clean all the way around , " he said . By the end of the boot camp , Meecham also learned how to feed Anabella . After a mild struggle to get the bottle in her mouth , his trepidation about fatherhood seemed to melt away . "  I got a little warm and mushy inside , " he said . "  Baby papa syndrome kicked in , and I was like , yeah , this is going to be my kid soon . "	300,000 expectant dads have turned to Boot Camp for New Dads Program is in 45 states as well as Britain , Canada , Italy and Japan Men learn how to soothe a crying baby , change a loaded diaper and deal with mom
Bad news , guys : The pangolin we adopted is missing . You may recall a vote I held online recently -- asking readers to suggest new names for pangolin P26 , who was released into a national park in Vietnam in March . The names you suggested were lovely : Pemalu , which is Indonesian for "  shy " ; Bao , which is Vietnamese for "  protection . " And -- Sandshrew , a scale-covered Pokemon character that even I 'll admit does bear a striking resemblance to a real-life panoglin . Of course , since you 're the Internet , you voted up Sandshrew . So that 's P26 's new name . And now Sandshrew is missing . I 'm not drawing any correlation between the two . Obviously . Of course not ... Let me back up in case you have n't been following this story : Pangolins are thought to be the most trafficked mammals in the world . They 're traded illegally and by the ton for their scales , which are used in traditional medicine and for their meat , which is a delicacy in Vietnam and China . I recently spent some time investigating the pangolin trade in Southeast Asia as part of CNN 's Change the List project . One pangolin I met was named P26 -- and had been seized from the illegal trade and taken to the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program in Vietnam . He recently was released into Cat Tien National Park . I thought it would be fun for CNN 's audience to adopt and rename the pangolin , and the researchers who care for him kindly agreed . Turns out , the researchers kind of like the name Sandshrew . "  I guess it is kinda cute  ish  , " one wrote in an e-mail . "  Well , anything is better than P26 right ?! " And they think it might help with his rescue . In a Wednesday blog post , Louise Fletcher , from the conservation program , wrote that P26 's  sorry , Sandshrew 's  radio tracking device had partially fallen off his tail . This happens quite a lot with this type of pangolin , she told me . The transmitting devices are fairly clunky , and they 're screwed into a scale that 's made of fingernail material . Now , she is scouring the forest trying to find him . She 's set up "  camera traps " that might snap a photo of the nocturnal animal if he 's roaming around at night , looking for ants . And she 's spending some time just wandering the park at night hoping to see him . No luck so far . "  Maybe if the voting by CNN readers is complete on deciding P26 ′ s new name , I can see if whispering it as we walk through the forest on Thursday night will be successful in coaxing him into view ! " she wrote . Maybe ! I hope so . I sent her an e-mail telling her the new name for P26 is Sandshrew . I 'm holding out hope that Fletcher will find him by whispering "  Saaaandshrewwwww " into the forest of Vietnam . I kind of love imagining that scene , and wish her luck . If you want to follow her progress , and Sandshrew 's , check out her blog . And thanks to everyone who voted . One more favor to ask : Maybe the fact that there 's a real-life endangered creature named after a video game character means Nintendo and Pokemon will start supporting pangolin conservation ? Maybe someone can suggest that by starting a Change.org petition ? So far , more than 4,000 people have signed a reader 's petition asking for Disney to put a pangolin in a movie . Maybe there 's a similarly creative ask for Pokemon ? For more in this series , visit CNN.com / Change .	CNN readers vote on the name "  Sandshrew " for a pangolin in Vietnam Sandshrew the pangolin is missing ; researchers are searching for him Sandshrew is the name of a Pokemon character John Sutter asks readers to try to get the company involved in pangolin conservation
It 's a fact that all-inclusive resorts can be expensive , with the average nightly rate at some of the bigger chains running $ 450 -- per person . And when you find one in your price range there 's usually a caveat -- the beach is a 15-minute drive away , or the "  all " only includes non-alcoholic beverages  those margaritas by the pool really add up  . Budget Travel magazine 's editors love a challenge and -- though it was n't easy -- they found eight beachfront all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean , Mexico and Central America starting at around $ 100 per person , per night . And they really are all-inclusive : a double room , three meals a day , drinks  from soda to cocktails  , and lots of activities . And each one has an added bonus , too , from tennis lessons to scuba instructions . The only thing not included ? Caveats . 22 ca n't miss U.S. beaches Jolly Beach Resort & Spa , Antigua Set on 40 acres  including a mile of white sand  , the Jolly Beach Resort & Spa is great for those who want to get out on the turquoise water . Kayaks , windsurfers , and paddleboats are all at the ready and there are also two pools . Would you rather just take in the view of the waves ? The 464 rooms all have at least partial ocean views . The resort also has five restaurants ranging from a casual beach take-out place to the Italian Bocciolo . Bonus : A proper afternoon tea with scones and cucumber sandwiches is also offered every day in the courtyard -- a nod to the island 's British roots . Bolans Village , Antigua , 866/905 -6559 , jollybeachresort.com . From $ 221 per person , per night . ClubHotel Riu Negril , Jamaica Head out to the far western tip of Jamaica and you 'll find this lively beachfront resort in Negril . It is right on the beach , but the place to be is by one of the umbrella-shaded loungers around the two gigantic pools  both are well over 3,000 square feet  . There is a party atmosphere here -- the complimentary mini bars and liquor dispensers in the 420 guest rooms are regularly restocked . If you want to go all out , head to the Pacha nightclub , where reggae is sure to be spinning . If you are looking for quiet , try the solarium terrace . Bonus : You 'll score extra perks like complimentary entry and drinks at the posh Pacha nightclub and a free introductory scuba diving lesson in the resort pool . Norman Manley Blvd. , Negril , Jamaica , 888/748 -4990 , riu.com . From $ 98 per person , per night . Budget Travel : See more photos of the all-inclusive resorts Iberostar Costa Dorada , Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic Iberostar operates six hotels in the Dominican Republic , but this resort 10 minutes from Puerto Plata gives you the most for your money . The 516 rooms  which all have either a terrace or balcony  are located in thatch-roof buildings painted cheerful shades of yellow and purple . The entire property underwent a full renovation in 2011 resulting in completely remodeled rooms , a new lobby , and a renovated kids ' club . There are three a la carte restaurants featuring Brazilian , Mexican , and international cuisine , plus a buffet restaurant . If you are n't content to just sit on the beach or the massive pool , there are activities all around the resort , from archery and tennis to kayaking and diving . Bonus : While some all-inclusive resorts only serve house-brand liquor , bartenders at Costa Dorada pour from imported names as well  Tanqueray , Stoli , etc.  . Carretera de Luperon Km 4 , Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic , 888/923 -2722 , iberostar.com . From $ 69 per person , per night  three-night minimum  . Budget Travel : Best new theme park rides Royal Decameron Golf Beach Resort & Villas , Farallón , Panama This 1,170-room mega resort 90 minutes from Panama City does things big from its spot on a mile of secluded beach . There are eight pools , 10 restaurants , and 11 bars  including one swim-up  , which means you 'll rarely do or see the same thing twice . Play in the Pacific with free paddleboards , kayaks , or windsurfers , or check out the local underwater residents with the provided snorkel gear . The nightlife is also big here and the party goes long after the sun sets  which probably has something to do with the open bar  . Bonus : Though the base-rate is for a garden-view room , each one has a terrace or balcony overlooking the tropical foliage . Avenida Principal Farallón , Km 115 , 011-507/993 -2255 , decameron.com . From $ 111 per person , per night . Sunscape Dorado Pacifico Ixtapa , Mexico The Sunscape 's budget-friendly price makes it a deal , but most people travel here for the location on a sandy beach on quiet Playa del Palmar . The resort re-opened in November of 2011 after a $ 10 million upgrade to all the rooms  including new furniture , flat-screen TVs , and fully renovated bathrooms  and restaurants as well as the addition of a new spa  alas , massages are n't covered in the all-inclusive rate and start at $ 68  . There are only 285 rooms , but you 'll find the choices typical of a much larger resort . There are four bars and eight restaurants ranging from seafood to Italian to Mexican  and the small size means no reservations are required  . Bonus : Embrace your inner Serena Williams or Roger Federer and perfect your serve at the free tennis clinics . Paseo de Ixtapa S/N Lote 3-A , Ixtapa , 800/087 -4890 , sunscaperesorts.com . From $ 150 per person , per night . Budget Travel : 10 travel mistakes and how not to make them Krystal Cancun , Mexico This Riviera Maya resort makes the most of its location : the pool runs lengthwise along the sand , and there 's even a beachfront infinity whirlpool . The Krystal , located in the heart of the Hotel Zone on Punta Cancun , has 453 rooms , and each one has a view of either the Caribbean Sea or Cancun Lagoon . The rooms were renovated in December of 2011 and now feature luxury updates like marble floors , flat-screen TVs , and rain showers -- perfect for washing off all that sand . Bonus : One of the downsides of an all-inclusive resort is that you have to eat every meal on-site . Krystal includes a Discover Cancun pass that covers one dinner at a local restaurant . Paseo Kukulcan Km 9.5 , Cancun , 800/437 -9605 , krystal-hotels . com . From $ 176 per person , per night . Barceló Langosta Beach , Tamarindo , Costa Rica Staying here affords travelers the best of both worlds : The resort is on a secluded beach surrounded by rainforests and a national park , but is less than a mile from the popular town of Tamarindo . This is a low-key resort , with just one buffet restaurant and one a la carte restaurant serving Mediterranean cuisine  there is an additional $ 36 - $ 42 fee for the a la carte restaurant  and one bar , plus a small casino and an amphitheater with daily entertainment . But the 134 rooms have views of the Pacific Ocean or the estuary of Las Baulas , part of the national park . Bonus : Tipping for the staff is included in the rate , so no need to reach for your wallet every time you order another round . El Robledal , Tamarindo , 800/227 -2356 , barcelo.com . From $ 188 per person , per night . Budget Travel : America 's most beautiful lighthouses Paradise Island Harbour Resort , Bahamas At just 246 rooms , this family-friendly resort is a fraction of the size of the 4,000-room Atlantis next door . But it 's also a fraction of the price for the all-inclusive option . Paradise Island is on a private beach and has a large pool and three places to dine -- a pool-side grill , a buffet , and a steak and seafood a la carte restaurant . Unwinding is the first order of business here , so you wo n't find the same 24/7 whirl of activity here as at the mega resorts . But that does n't mean anyone in your family will be bored . The kids ' camp keeps them busy with sand castle building and craft making , and offers fun , active sports like pool volleyball and beach bowling . Bonus : If you 've ever wanted to learn how to dive , this is the place : the resort offers a complimentary scuba lesson in the pool . Harbor Dr. , Paradise Island , Nassau , 888/582 -0192 , paradiseislandbahama.com . From $ 210 per person , per night . Check the website for specials thru 2013 . This story was first published in July 2012 and updated in August 2013 .	Getaways in the Caribbean , Mexico and Central America start at less $ 100 per person , per night Options range from 1,000-room mega resorts to more intimate properties These resorts offer views and amenities without the caveats of many all-inclusives
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former head of the CIA slammed President Obama on Sunday for releasing four Bush-era memos , saying the new president has compromised national security . Former CIA chief Michael Hayden said Sunday it is wrong to make interrogation methods public . Michael Hayden , who served as former President Bush 's last CIA director from 2006 to 2009 , said releasing the memos outlining terror interrogation methods emboldened terrorist groups such as al Qaeda . "  What we have described for our enemies in the midst of a war are the outer limits that any American would ever go to in terms of interrogating an al Qaeda terrorist . That 's very valuable information , " Hayden said during an appearance on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  By taking -LSB- certain -RSB- techniques off the table , we have made it more difficult -- in a whole host of circumstances I can imagine -- for CIA officers to defend the nation , " he said . But Sens. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , and Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said certain techniques should not have been allowed in the first place . McCaskill called them "  a great recruitment tool for those who want to do harm to our country . " White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel dismissed Hayden 's assertion that releasing the memos had undermined U.S. intelligence efforts by giving al Qaeda critical new information . "  One of the reasons the president was willing to let this information out was that already the information was out , " he said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  Go get the New York Review of Books . It 's there . " Hayden said he called several senior White House officials to express his opposition before the president released the documents . Hayden also noted that four previous CIA directors , as well as current agency director Leon Panetta , opposed the release . The memos said , among other things , that interrogation tactics such as waterboarding , sleep deprivation and slapping did not violate laws against torture absent the intent to cause severe pain . Obama prohibited the use of so-called "  enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding shortly after taking office in January . Such techniques "  undermine our moral authority and do not make us safer , " he said Thursday , when the White House released the memos . The Obama administration has said it wo n't pursue charges against CIA officers who used those tactics against prisoners in their custody . And Emanuel told ABC that the people who crafted the policy "  should not be prosecuted either . " But in a sharply worded editorial Sunday , The New York Times called for the impeachment of Jay Bybee , a federal appeals court judge who was a Justice Department official when he wrote one of the memos that authorized those techniques . "  These memos make it clear that Mr. Bybee is unfit for a job that requires legal judgment and a respect for the Constitution , " the newspaper editorialized . The memos "  were written to provide legal immunity for acts that are clearly illegal , immoral and a violation of this country 's most basic values , " it stated . Asked about that call on "  Fox News Sunday , " McCaskill said : "  I think we have to look at it . " McCaskill , a member of the Senate 's standing investigative subcommittee , said the Obama administration made the right decision by agreeing not to prosecute intelligence officers . But she added : "  A lawyer that 's responsible for this kind of advice that clearly went too far in terms of stretching what our law is -- it worries me that he 's sitting on the federal bench right now . " Graham , however , said seeking to punish lawyers who advised the Bush administration "  is a very bad precedent . " "  I think it would be disaster to go back and try to prosecute a lawyer for giving legal advice that you disagreed with to a former president , " said Graham , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and a lawyer in the Air Force reserve . Hayden said the administration 's decision to release the Bush administration memos will make CIA officials less willing to engage in interrogation tactics now sanctioned by the federal government . "  The basic foundation of the legitimacy of the agency 's action has shifted from some durability of law to a product of the American political process . That puts agency officers in a horrible position , " he said . "  The really dangerous effect of this -LSB- decision -RSB- is that you 'll have agency officers stepping back from the kinds of things that the nation expects them to do . ... You 're going to have this agency -- on the front line of defending you in this current war -- playing back from the line , " he said . Hayden also said that , contrary to the assertions of many critics , the interrogation techniques in question had forced suspected terrorists to reveal valuable information and made the country safer . He predicted that the release of the memos would be "  just the beginning . " "  There will be more revelations , more commissions , there will be more investigations , " Hayden said . McCaskill told "  Fox News Sunday " that the United States will be better off in the long run by clearly prohibiting interrogation techniques such as waterboarding . And Graham said that while he was concerned that the release of the memos was a "  huge tactical and strategic mistake done for political reasons , " the decision to allow certain enhanced interrogation techniques was a mistake as well . Graham added that he always thought waterboarding "  was a procedure that would come back to haunt the country , and quite frankly it has . "	Michael Hayden : Releasing Bush-era interrogation memos harmful Release puts CIA officers "  in a horrible position , " subject to political process , he says White House chief of staff defends release , saying info was already public Sens. Claire McCaskill and Lindsey Graham say techniques were a mistake
CNN  Once again , the lure of ISIS may have ensnared another group of foreigners -- this time , medical students suspected of traveling to Syria to work in ISIS-controlled hospitals . The group of 11 people includes seven Britons , an American , a Canadian and two Sudanese , Turkish lawmaker Mehmet Ali Ediboglu told CNN on Sunday . Ediboglu , an opposition lawmaker , told The Observer that he had spoken with the students ' families , who were convinced their loved ones wanted to work for ISIS , and were asking him for help tracking them down in neighboring Syria . "  They have been cheated , brainwashed . That is what I , and their relatives , think , " Ediboglu said , according to the newspaper . But he also stressed that the group did not travel with the intention of joining the battle . "  Let 's not forget about the fact that they are doctors , " he told The Observer . "  They went there to help , not to fight . " In a joint statement , the students ' and doctors ' families said their children are humanitarians who went "  to Turkey willingly to offer voluntary medical help to those refugees who are in need of medical care on Turkey 's borders . " They have since "  disappeared , " the statement said . "  We have heard from the British , Turkish and Sudanese authorities that we have so far met , but we hope that the respectable governments of these countries would enforce , speed up and coordinate more effective measures to ensure the safety of our children wherever they are and bring them back to us as soon as possible , " the statement said . Eight of the group are medical students who 've just graduated , and the three others are in their final year of medical school , he said . They 'd been studying in Khartoum , Sudan . At least seven of their mothers and fathers are living near the Turkey-Syria border , pleading for their return , according to The Observer . In an interview published Monday in Turkey 's Hürriyet Daily News , the group of parents said they were worried and vowed not to leave Turkey without their children . Dr. Maumoon Abdulqadir said he was sending a message to his daughter , Lena , who is one of the students . "  I know you want to help people and be of use . But you can do this in another way , " he told the newspaper . "  There are many who need your help . But this is not the way . Please , come back . " British officials said they are aware of the report . "  We are providing consular assistance to their families and we have informed the Turkish police to try and ascertain their whereabouts , " the British Foreign & Commonwealth Office said in a statement . Officials have warned that a growing number of foreign fighters are traveling to join ISIS ' ranks . Estimates about how many medical personnel the group has recruited are harder to come by . Last year , a 19-year-old Colorado woman was arrested at Denver International Airport as she was about to start a journey to an ISIS camp , where she hoped to be a nurse . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Nimet Kirac and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	Families say the doctors and students went to Turkey to help refugees "  They have been cheated , brainwashed , " parliamentarian Mehmet Ali Ediboglu says The group is made up of Britons , Sudanese , an American and a Canadian
CNN  -- Ivo Josipovic won the runoff election Sunday for Croatia 's presidency , a spokesman for the election commission told CNN . Social Democratic Party candidate Josipovic won 60.3 percent of the vote , or about 1.3 million of the nearly 2.3 million votes cast , said spokesman Hrvoje Sadaric of the Croatian State Election Commission . Milan Bandic , an independent and eight-year mayor of the Croatian capital of Zagreb , garnered 39.71 percent of the vote , or just over 880,000 votes . He was once a member of Josipovic 's party , Sadaric said . Slightly more than half of voting eligible Croatians voted in the runoff and more than 99 percent of votes had been counted , Sadaric said . Josipovic , 52 , a law professor and classical music composer , had earlier garnered the most votes in the first round of voting . His campaign focused on cleaning up corruption in government .	Ivo Josipovic of Social Democratic Party beats Milan Bandic , says commission Josipovic won 60.3 percent of the vote , says Croatian State Election Commission Milan Bandic , eight-year mayor of capital , Zagreb , garnered 39.71 percent , commission says
The Frisky  -- It 's not easy being a mother , caring so much about these delicate little dumplings that hold half of your DNA and keep putting themselves in danger . Which is why it 's important to not just acknowledge the worst TV moms , but also the best . My personal favorite is Kitty Foreman  Debra Jo Rupp  from "  That '70s Show . " She did n't just raise Eric ; she mothered the whole neighborhood of delinquent teenagers while working full-time as a nurse and dealing with a grumpy husband . And she managed to do all that while maintaining her sense of humor , with a little help from her dear friend Kahlúa . The Frisky : 10 worst TV moms Another fantastic mom was Jean Weir  Becky Ann Baker  from "  Freaks and Geeks . " Because no matter how broody her daughter Lindsay got , she was always upbeat and supportive . I definitely cried a bunch during the Halloween episode when she 's excited to give out candy with her daughter , but Lindsay ditches her for James Franco and Jason Segel . Not that anyone can blame her . All the parents on "  Modern Family " are pretty great , but I love Gloria  Sofia Vergara  because she 's raised the most precocious little boy , Manny . And she honestly loves Jay way more than his last wife Peggy , from "  Married With Children . " She 's also terribly good-looking and tirelessly cheers on her family . My favorite character from "  The Golden Girls " was Sophia Petrillo  Estelle Getty  because she said the most amazing things ever . And even as a 90-year-old , she was still raising Dorothy -- even though she was younger than Bea Arthur in real life . The Frisky : "  Playboy " rejects TV mom Kate Gosselin and 7 other celebs Sure , Marge Simpson sometimes forgot about Maggie 's existence and Bart turned out to be a brat , but you ca n't argue that she did a good job with Lisa ! And since "  The Simpsons " has been on longer than any other show , she 's been raising those un-aging kids for 21 seasons . And on top of that , Homer is a bigger baby than any of the kids . But Marge still gets up every morning , does her fro , and loves the hell out of her family . If Rayanne 's mom was one of the worst TV moms , then Angela 's mom , Patty Chase  Bess Armstrong  , from "  My So-Called Life " was one of the best . Her daughter was one of the emo-est teenagers ever and with a bad boy boyfriend like Jordan Catalano , she should have been pulling out her hair . But she managed to be a working mom and give Angela the space to be independent and make some mistakes . When things got dangerous , she stepped in and came to the rescue . "  The Cosby Show " was an enviable home environment and Clair Huxtable  Phylicia Rashad  managed to have a successful career as an attorney while raising five kids . She was such a beautiful , confident woman and she doled out the lessons like no other . Plus , she was always dancing and wearing really amazing '80s fashions . The Frisky : 10 worst boyfriends and husbands of 2009 I secretly loved "  The Lizzie McGuire Show " and Lizzie 's mom , Jo McGuire  Hallie Todd  , was so sweet . She reminds me of my mom , always trying to be Lizzie 's best friend and getting super emotional when Lizzie went away on trips . She did often mess up Lizzie 's life when attempting to solve her problems , but Lizzie and Jo had one of the most tender mother-daughter relationships ever . Marion Cunningham  Marion Ross  from "  Happy Days " was similar to Kitty from "  That '70s Show , " but much less of a lush . She was the only one allowed to call Fonz his real name , "  Arthur , " and she was always doting on her grumpy husband , Howard . She also raised two pretty good kids and was a fantastic cook . The Frisky : Six celebs with reality shows in the works One of the best mother-daughter-friend relationships is between Rory and Lorelai Gilmore  Lauren Graham  on "  Gilmore Girls . " She had a rough start -- what with the getting pregnant before graduating from high school , while out of wedlock , and with estranged parents -- but she gave absolutely everything for her daughter . Who does n't want to be part of their fast-talking , smart-aleck brood ? They love and respect each other . And enjoy witty repartee on top of that . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Fantastic mom was Jean Weir  Becky Ann Baker  from "  Freaks and Geeks " We secretly loved "  The Lizzie McGuire Show " and Lizzie 's mom , Jo McGuire One of the best mother-daughter-friend relationships was on "  Gilmore Girls "
EW.com  -- EW has confirmed that embattled indie "  Killer Joe " has set a release date , as Deadline first reported . Matthew McConaughey 's trailer-park noir found itself in an appeals imbroglio this March when the MPAA slapped an NC-17 rating on it for scenes involving drug use , nudity , violence , and graphic sexuality , to name a few . Despite losing that fight , "  Joe " will hit theaters unchanged on July 27 . William Friedkin directed the film based on Pulitzer winner Tracy Letts ' play . McConaughey plays the title character , a police officer who works overtime as a hitman . A small-time drug dealer  Emile Hirsch  solicits Joe 's services to off his mother for her insurance money , and Joe takes a special liking to the dealer 's younger sister  Juno Temple  . Gina Gershon , and Thomas Haden Church also star . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Killer Joe " is set to release on July 27 In March the MPAA slapped an NC-17 rating on the movie William Friedkin directed the film based on Pulitzer winner Tracy Letts ' play
Prague , Czech Republic  CNN  -- Presidents and princes paid their final respects Friday to Vaclav Havel , the former Czech president , writer and dissident who helped bring down his country 's Communist regime and end the Cold War . Dignitaries inside Prague Castle 's towering St. Vitus Cathedal included former President Bill Clinton and his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , while thousands of admirers stood outside in cold temperatures to watch the funeral on big screens . Havel , a shy but iron-willed intellectual endowed with a playful sense of humor and a powerful moral compass , died Sunday at the age of 75 . Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , who was born in Prague , praised a man she said was pleased to have had as a friend . "  Few were as Czech as Vaclav Havel , but his wit and kindness , his wisdom and the depth of his thoughts spoke to all , " she said , addressing mourners in Czech during the funeral . His former political advisor Jiri Pehe called Havel "  a politician who was n't a politician , catapulted into politics by history . Throughout his presidency he was a dissident politician who liked to do things in a different way . " Speaking before the funeral , Pehe said he would remember Havel more for his personality than his politics , recalling his "  booming laugh " and saying : "  to work with him was a joy ... To be around him was simply inspiring . " Dissident friends of Havel arrived grim-faced for the funeral Friday . Many hugged each other before going into St. Vitus Cathedral . Havel 's picture stood to the side of the altar draped in black ribbon in a state funeral both grand and religious , an irony given his personal modesty and the fact that the Czech Republic is among the least religious countries in Europe . Former dissident and Havel friend Petr Uhl refused to come to the funeral , saying Havel was not a Christian and none of his predecessors had had a state funeral of this kind . Havel was "  a great figure of our modern history . ... A man whom we will remember with thanks and respect has gone , " Czech President Vaclav Klaus told mourners , who also included French President Nicolas Sarkozy , British Prime Minister David Cameron and his predecessor John Major , and singer Suzanne Vega . Havel 's widow Dagmar sat next to Klaus in the front row , a few seats down from Ivan Havel , the late writer 's closest living blood relative . Members of the public fought back tears as the Czech song "  My Country " swelled at the end of the funeral over a gun salute . Then they burst into applause -- as did some inside the cathedral -- as six soldiers shouldered Havel 's coffin and carried it out to a waiting hearse . Prague Castle did not announce where or when Havel would be buried , saying it was up to his family . Authorities estimated that 30,000 people lined up to bid farewell to Havel when his body lay in state on Wednesday and Thursday . They waited for hours in freezing weather in the early winter night before the funeral to pay their last respects , holding flowers , candles and notes to lay by his coffin . Many of the messages , from those handwritten by schoolchildren to those printed off computers , bore the same words : "  Thank you , Mr. President . " Alena Sturmova , who came with her husband and son , remembers being at Prague Castle when Havel was elected the first post-Communist president of her country , almost 22 years ago to the day . Seeing him there on a balcony , instead of the Soviet-backed authorities who had governed her country her entire life , meant something special to her , she said : "  Maybe the possibility of freedom . " Her husband , Daniel , called Havel "  a symbol of the Velvet Revolution , " when Czechs and Slovaks overthrew an ossified regime by pouring into Prague 's Wenceslas Square and jingling their key rings as a signal to their leaders to go home . Havel was a symbol of that revolution , Daniel Sturm said by way of explaining why he and his family were waiting to lay flowers by Havel 's coffin . "  We just wanted to come here and tell him thank you , " he said , before pausing and continuing : " ... for the last time . " Havel , a chain-smoking , rock-loving intellectual , became one of the world 's most famous dissidents in the 1970s for his public writings against Eastern Europe 's Communist regimes . He was jailed for about four and a half years over essays such as "  The Power of the Powerless , " which urged people to simply stop pretending to believe the lies their government fed them and act on what they knew to be true . "  Truth and love must triumph over lies and hatred , " Havel insisted . With the Soviet Union saying it would no longer intervene in the affairs of its satellites , and Communist regimes crumbling in Poland and East Germany in 1989 , Czechs and Slovaks rose up in answer to the call of Havel and other dissidents around him . In a matter of days , the authorities resigned and a parliament stuffed full of Communist party functionaries elected Havel president of Czechoslovakia . He served as head of state until politicians decided to divide the country in two in 1992 , then went on to be elected president of the Czech Republic twice . His country joined NATO and the European Union under his stewardship , but he lost out on many of the major domestic political battles of his presidency , including his effort to keep Czechoslovakia together .	World leaders attend the funeral of Vaclav Havel , who helped end communism in Czechoslovakia Thousands of Czechs waited for hours in cold weather to pay their last respects Havel became one of the world 's most famous dissidents in the 1970s "  Truth and love must triumph over lies and hatred , " Havel insisted
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- A fire charred the top of two of three wings of the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino on Friday , causing no major injuries but forcing visitors and employees to evacuate , authorities said . The recently remodeled Monte Carlo Resort and Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada , is shown after and before the fire . A bit over an hour after it began , the fire was fully contained , according to the fire departments in Las Vegas and Clark County . Firefighters would remain at the hotel until "  the fire is completely knocked out , " said Clark County Fire Chief Steven M. Smith . Watch the fire chief explain the situation " That would be at least through the afternoon , he said . It was mainly an exterior fire , although there might have been slight damage to some rooms , he told CNN after a news conference . The cause of the fire was unknown . Welders had been working on the roof . See where the hotel is located " No one was trapped , and there were no reports of major injuries , said Ed Cagalo of the Clark County Fire Department . The 32-floor building was completely evacuated . The blaze was reported about 11 a.m. Black smoke and flames poured from the fire , which roared through the building 's exterior stucco and foam until firefighters were able to get on the roof and knock down the flames . Watch the fire burn " Most of the damage was to the top floor of the building . Falling debris ignited parts of an exterior ledge four floors below . "  High-rise fires are never easy to fight . As you can see with it being outside , our firefighters actually had to hang out the windows to try and cut the fire off . We directed our fire streams at an angle so we could make contact with the fire . ... It was n't an easy fire at all , " Smith said . Watch the chief talk about the firefighting efforts " He urged motorists and pedestrians to avoid the area . Earlier , the smoke was visible from more than a mile away , CNN producer Darian Billington said . Billington said traffic was backed up on the Strip , and crowds of people were gathering to watch the blaze . "  It was horrible , there was fire everywhere , " a hotel worker who watched the flames from a parking lot told CNN affiliate KVBC . Four U.S. Air Force HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopters with rescue crews were put on standby at Nellis Air Force Base during the afternoon to assist in any rescue efforts , but were not needed , a Nellis spokeswoman said . The hotel has more than 3,000 rooms , including 211 penthouse suites , and conference rooms . The more expensive rooms are on the top floors . The hotel was built in 1996 for $ 344 million . It is in the heart of the resort corridor . The Monte Carlo , a subsidiary of MGM Mirage , has about 3,000 employees . In 1980 , a fire across the street at the MGM Grand Hotel , now Ballys , killed 84 people and injured nearly 700 . E-mail to a friend	Fire doused on the top floors and roof of Monte Carlo resort Fire chief : Firefighters had to hang out the windows to try to cut the fire off The 32-floor building was completely evacuated No major injuries have been reported , and no one was trapped
CNN  -- The man credited with making Chicago 's Metra commuter train line one of the best in the country is an apparent suicide , killed Friday by the train he himself rode five days a week for more than two decades . Shortly before 8 a.m. , Phil Pagano drove to a parking lot about two miles from his home in unincorporated Crystal Lake in suburban Chicago , walked onto a track where someone had committed suicide three years ago and stepped in front of an oncoming Metra train , McHenry County Sheriff Keith Nygren told reporters . The train 's lone engineer "  saw a man standing on the tracks turning and looking at the train , " Nygren said . "  There was eye contact , he felt , between himself and the victim . " Pagano , Metra 's executive director , made no attempt to step off the tracks , and the train , which was traveling between 45 mph and 55 mph , could not stop in time , Nygren said . None of the 27 people on the train was hurt . They included 24 passengers , two Metra employees , and the engineer , a Union Pacific employee . The passengers completed their trips in taxis ; no other trains were delayed as a result of this incident , Nygren said . "  We have secured evidence at the scene and at the victim 's residence that would indicate that this was an intentional act on his part , " he said . A deputy on routine patrol came across the body within a minute of the incident , Nygren said . He described the scene as "  very gruesome . " Pagano 's death came a week after Metra announced it was investigating whether the 60-year-old married father of two daughters got an unauthorized vacation payout last year of $ 56,000 , said Metra spokeswoman Judy Pardonnet . It also came two hours before the Metra board was to have met to hear from an independent investigator about the allegation against Pagano , who was on paid administrative leave from his $ 269,000-per-year job . The meeting was delayed , Pardonnet said . She said the apparent suicide was out of character for a man who cared deeply for his job and his co-workers -- so much that he made sure train personnel received counseling after witnessing similar incidents . She credited her former boss with having transformed the Chicago rail system from one that in the 1980s was "  dilapidated and rundown " to one that is now "  the top among commuter railroads . " "  This is a man who had an absolutely impeccable record and , honestly , was viewed as probably the premiere leader of commuter rail in the country . " Metra , for which Pagano had worked since its formation in 1984 , moves 300,000 passengers per day along 11 lines over 550 miles of track serving six suburban communities in an area the size of Connecticut , she said . Before that , he held several positions at the Regional Transportation Authority in Illinois . On-time performance , according to Pardonnet , is routinely at or above 97 percent , the best of any major city in the country and a record that area residents have grown to count on . "  We literally get e-mails from people who say , ` My train was four minutes late twice this week , and I find that unacceptable , ' " Pardonnet said . "  He 's had a fabulous and unprecedented career and that makes it even more tragic . " "  Phil served this agency with distinction for many years , " Metra said in a written statement . "  Today , we shall remember the good work he achieved with our board of directors and the men and women of Metra . He was dedicated to our passengers and he always considered the men and women of Metra his family and there is a tremendous sense of loss within the agency . " Deputy Executive Director Bill Tupper was named appointed acting executive director of Metra , which after New York is the nation 's second-largest commuter rail system , said Meg Reile , another Metra spokeswoman . The investigation was initiated after Metra officials received a tip from Greg Hinz , a reporter for Crain 's Chicago Business , about the claim , Pardonnet said . "  Phil Pagano surely did n't go to work for Metra to grab money he was n't entitled to , " Hinz wrote Friday on his blog . "  Nor do reporters get into the news business to provoke suicides . " He added , "  I and others I 've talked to who were involved in the matter are , frankly , rattled . Writing about this is part of my job , and the job needs to be done . But that does n't mean you do n't feel bad . I do . I am sorry it had to end this way . "	Phil Pagano made Chicago 's Metra commuter train line one of best in country , many say Pagano apparently killed himself by stepping in front of a Metra train Pagano , Metra 's executive director , made no attempt to step off the tracks "  He 's had a fabulous and unprecedented career , " says Metra spokesperson
Is it an act of compassion or one of belligerence ? Both judgments were offered Friday on the dozens of Russian trucks that have rolled into eastern Ukraine , a move Russian leaders cast as necessary to address a humanitarian crisis and a Ukrainian official characterized as an "  invasion " of his nation by its mighty neighbor to the east . While getting agreement on the right answer is impossible at this moment , there 's little doubt the actions have raised tensions to new levels -- and that 's saying something , given the volatility over the past many months . The latest row revolves around aid going from Russia to Ukraine . Kiev had stalled trucks on the Russian side of the border for days , before acknowledging Sunday that the convoy , in fact , had humanitarian aid . That admission did n't end the discord and debate . As of 11:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  Friday , 227 Russian vehicles had crossed into Ukraine , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has an observer mission at the checkpoint the convoy went through . All the vehicles were supposed to be monitored by members of the International Committee of the Red Cross . However , the Red Cross said it was n't accompanying them due to the "  volatile security situation " -- a reference to continued fighting between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian forces . Ukraine has repeatedly accused Russia of directly and indirectly bolstering the rebel movement . The Kiev-based government and its allies -- including the NATO alliance and its core member , the United States -- see this convoy as perhaps Moscow 's most glaring , egregious move yet . "  We call this a direct invasion for the first time under cynical cover of the Red Cross , " said Valentyn Nalyvaychenko , the head of Ukraine 's security service . Right now , Ukraine is n't planning to go after the convoy . Still , Nalyvaychenko thinks its main purpose is to supply rebels and its drivers are not even civilians . To Russian President Vladimir Putin , it is Ukraine 's government -- not his -- that 's being irresponsible and fueling instability in eastern Ukraine . Putin expressed "  serious concern " to German Chancellor Angela Merkel about endangered civilians and other impacts from Ukraine 's "  continued  military  escalation , " according to the Kremlin . He further criticized what he characterized as "  Kiev 's blatant attempts to hinder the delivery of Russian humanitarian aid " into southeast Ukraine , implying he had no choice but to act . "  Further delay would have been unacceptable , " a Kremlin statement said . U.S. official warns Russia on convoys The international community hardly embraced Putin 's version of events . The British ambassador to the United Nations said that Russia had no support at a U.N. Security Council meeting Friday on the topic . The diplomat , Mark Lyall Grant , made no doubt about his own country 's views on the convoy 's entrance into Ukraine . "  It is an undeniable and blatant violation of Ukrainian sovereignty and clear breach of international law and the U.N. charter , " Lyall Grant told reporters . "  It has nothing to do with humanitarianism . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that the the "  so-called humanitarian convoy ... can only deepen the crisis in the region , which Russia itself has created and has continued to fuel . " "  The disregard of international humanitarian principles raises further questions about whether the true purpose of the aid convoy is to support civilians or to resupply armed separatists , " Rasmussen said in a statement . Merkel talked not only with Putin -- during which she voiced her "  grave concern " -- but also with U.S. President Barack Obama . The two leaders agreed that Ukraine "  has continued to deteriorate since the tragic downing " of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , purportedly by pro-Russian rebels , the White House said . The pair concurred , too , that the convoy "  is a further provocation and a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty " and called for the stop "  of Russian personnel , military equipment and armored vehicles into eastern Ukraine . " Other U.S. officials laid into Russia publicly . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said that Moscow has been told in "  very , very clear  terms  that they should not be doing this under the guise of a humanitarian convoy , to use that as an excuse to cross the border in a non-authorized way . " "  Russia must remove its vehicles and its personnel from the territory of Ukraine immediately , " Kirby told reporters . "  Failure to do so will result in additional costs and isolation . " This view was seconded by Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes , who deemed the convoy -- which he said his nation and its allies are tracking closely -- "  as part of a pattern of flagrant violation of Ukrainian sovereignty . " The more Moscow does such things that stir instability in Ukraine , the more it will pay , according to Rhodes . "  If  Russia does  not remove the convoys , we will be making determinations with our international partners about how to ratchet up the costs and consequences on them , " Rhodes said . U.S. official : Up to 18,000 Russian troops on border It 's not just the Russian vehicles that crossed into Ukraine that are causing consternation . So , too , are the Russian troops massed at the border . There were up to 18,000 such "  combat-ready " troops on Friday , a significant increase from previous public estimates by the Pentagon , according to a U.S. defense official with direct access to the latest information . The official described the units as being in a "  fully combat-capable offensive posture . " A second U.S. official said that many of the units were positioned at "  crossroads and towns " two to 10 miles from the border . "  They are definitely more overt , aggressive and out in the open , " the official said . "  They are n't even hiding it . " The second official said the United States has believed for weeks that some Russian troops have crossed the border as part of the convoys of military gear and weapons moving from Russia into Ukraine . Of particular concern is the apparent transport of long-range and advanced systems including at least two SA-22 surface-to-air missile system and a number of pieces of longer-range artillery . The fear is that any advance of any kind could make the ongoing fighting -- sparked last year by a political crisis over whether Ukraine would seek closer ties with Europe or Russia -- even worse . U.N. officials estimate that more than 2,000 people have died and nearly 5,000 have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April . The dead include Mykola Zelenec , Lithuania 's honor consul in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk , who Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius said had been "  kidnapped and brutally killed by terrorists . " Ukraine has time and again accused Russia of effectively fomenting rebellion by supporting rebels -- including militarily -- in eastern Ukraine , some of whom continue to hold territory there despite a push by Ukraine 's military . Russia has denied any direct support for the rebels while voicing sympathy for their fight for self-determination , saying that Kiev is in the wrong for its actions that endanger civilians -- including many ethnic Russians . Even if the Russian military does n't explicitly march into Ukraine , there are concerns that it will find other ways to bolster the rebels . Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , insisted Friday that the current humanitarian convoy wo n't be one of them . He told reporters that Russia received "  official acceptance by Kiev authorities " for the convoy , and that Moscow is staying in touch with Ukrainian officials to make sure there are no problems in the process of distribution of the aid . Ukraine 's secret weapon : Funding from the country 's millionaires Six questions : What 's happening in Ukraine ? Which foods are off Russian menus ?	White House : Obama , Merkel agree Russian convoy is "  a provocation " UK ambassador : Convoy "  has nothing to do with humanitarianism " Lithuania official : Consul kidnapped , killed by "  terrorists " Putin blames Ukraine , says it 'd be "  unacceptable " to delay sending convoy
CNN  -- German Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich have confirmed Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season , with Philipp Lahm named as vice-captain . Bayern Munich captain Van Bommel will be hoping to lift more trophies for the Bavarian giants this season . The Dutch midfielder was given the captain 's armband by Jurgen Klinsmann last season after Oliver Kahn retired . However , the arrival of Anatoliy Tymoschuk from Zenit St Petersburg seemed to suggest that Van Bommel 's place in the Bayern team was no longer guaranteed , but new coach Louis Van Gaal has decided that his compatriot will indeed be one of the first names on his team sheet next season . "  We have been observing his behavior on and off the field over the last four weeks and the influence he has on the club and on the squad , " explained Van Gaal 's assistant Andries Jonker on Bayern 's official Web site . Tymoschuk must now fear for his place in the Bayern team after being told he is only second-choice behind Van Bommel . And , since Van Gaal has made it clear that he wanted to choose a captain who will play every week , Tymoschuk may have to spend much of his first season in Bavaria sitting on the substitutes ' bench . "  He can not play in his best position in our system , " admitted Van Gaal . "  That is where Van Bommel plays . He could play on the right , but I have chosen Hamit Altintop for there . Every player is compared to his rivals and the coach makes the decisions . " Meanwhile , Bayern 's French midfielder Franck Ribery has been declared fit to resume training after a summer spent battling tendonitis in his knee . Ribery missed the pre-season Audi Cup tournament involving Manchester United , AC Milan and Boca Juniors and is not likely to make Saturday 's opening Bundesliga home match against Hoffenheim . But the France international , who was Monday called into his country 's squad for the World Cup qualifier with the Faroe Isles in Torshavn on August 12 , will be ready to train on Wednesday ,	Bayern Munich confirm Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season The Dutchman was given armband by Jurgen Klinsmann after Oliver Kahn quit Franck Ribery declared fit to stary training after battling tendonitis in his knee
CNN  -- Airport stopovers are seldom the highlight of any business traveler 's journey . Hours whittled away in generic fast food outlets or tacky themed bars , which in many cases represent the extent of terminal building entertainment , ensure onward journeys ca n't come quickly enough . For those passing through Changi Airport in Singapore , however , a brief window between connecting flights is a great opportunity to explore one of Asia 's most happening destinations . The city-state 's condensed landscape -- the entire country is squeezed into a land area smaller than most big cities -- means visitors can quickly tour some of Singapore 's most famous attractions and be back at the airport in a matter of hours . Changi itself offers free city tours to passengers with a stopover of five hours or more but visitors can also leave the airport to traverse the city on their own accord . With the help of Shawn Low , travel editor of Lonely Planet 's Asia Pacific edition , we highlight some of the must-see Singaporean sights for those with a few spare hours between flights , whatever the time of the day . See also : Asia 's budget airlines spread their wings Early morning A stroll in Singapore 's lush Botanic Gardens at sunrise provides a great opportunity to catch the normally bustling metropolis in one of its more tranquil moments , says Low . Dense green foliage is complemented by a selection of finely manicured greens and picturesque lakes , a genuine oasis amidst the concrete jungle of high rises and skyscrapers . From here , a short trip down the nearby Orchard Road , one of Singapore 's main retail thoroughfares , allows for a spot of shopping . It also has good transport links back to the airport . "  Gadgets are particularly cheap " in Singapore , says Low , and there are plenty of bargains to catch the eye , especially at Funan IT Mall on North Bridge Road . All those splashing out while in the city should be mindful not to forget they are eligible for a Goods and Services Tax refund  worth 7 % of their total purchase value  when they pass through customs at the airport , he adds . Afternoon in the shade The Singapore sun is at its strongest between lunch time and late afternoon , with temperatures regularly reaching as high as 31Ëš Celsius  88 Fahrenheit  . Indoor activities at this time of day can therefore offer a more comfortable pursuit for those dashing around on a tight time scale , says Low . Fortunately , the city 's art galleries and cultural centers provide plenty to see and do whilst offering an air-conditioned sanctuary away from the midday sun . The National Museum , Singapore Art Museum , and Peranakan Museum are within walking distance of the city 's famous Colonial District , which is easily accessible from the airport by either bus , tour bus or taxi . For those less charmed by artistic endeavors , the area 's many stylish restaurants , coffee houses and bars offer an equally quaint cultural experience . Spectacular sunset A good way to get a sense of Singapore 's vibrant skyline is to find a perch on one of the city 's many rooftop bars come sundown , says Low . Ku De Tah at the Marina Bay Sands complex and the Lantern Bar at the Fullerton Bay Hotel offer particularly appealing vistas , as well as highly agreeable Singapore Slings , he adds . Those looking for a panorama of the city without the alcoholic beverage can take a ride on the Singapore Flyer , a 165 meter-high observation wheel -- similar in concept to the London Eye -- that enables spectacular 360 degree views . Suitably impressed by the city 's vast neon silhouette , visitors can then head down to the neighboring Geylang district for a genuine Singaporean eating experience , says Low . See also : Business Traveller in Singapore Restaurants such as the Sin Huat Eating House offer local specialties such as crab bee hoon  mud crab cooked with rice noodles  while cramped food stalls and bustling coffee houses crackle with the chatter of locals late into the night . Night Safari Like all major modern cities , Singapore offers just as much to see and do come night time as it does during the daylight hours . Low highlights the Night Safari at Singapore 's world renowned zoo as a particularly fun attraction for families and wildlife lovers alike . Visitors can get up close and personal with a variety of nocturnal animals -- Singapore zoo is famed for its policy of keeping animals in open enclosures rather than in cages -- before hopping in a taxi back to the airport . Low also singles out Little India , home to Singapore 's vibrant ex-pat Indian community and a remnant of the city 's previous incarnation as a British colonial trading port , as a particularly authentic night time activity . "  Little India  is as close as you 'll get to the Singapore of the old days , " says Low . He says Friday nights and weekends , when the streets throng with market stalls and "  the redolent scent of spices and colorful flowers " are the best time to visit .	Singapore 's condensed nature means it is possible to explore the city in just a few hours Lonely Planet 's Shawn Low says there are scores of activities for those short of time He highlights visiting the Botanic Gardens and Little India as two genuine Singapore experiences
What is tech but yesterday 's dreams realized ? From touchscreen tablets to virtual reality , it all has to start in somebody 's mind before it ends up on the shelves of a store  or , let 's be honest , in an Amazon warehouse somewhere in the middle of nowhere  . No , we here at CNN Tech have n't dreamed up any technological breakthroughs that will change the world . At least none that we 're willing to discuss publicly . But we do think about tech stuff a lot and ponder how to make it better . So as this new year dawns , we came up with these five wishes for the tech world in 2013 . Are they all likely to come true ? Almost certainly not . But some might , and the others may be useful as conversation starters if nothing else . Let us know what your tech hopes and dreams for 2013 are in the comments . The Wozniak Initiative You do n't have to be an Apple fanatic to love The Woz . Steve Wozniak , the co-founder of Apple who is known more as a gadget geek than a ruthless businessman , showed where his heart is when asked about the constant barrage of lawsuits flying back and forth between tech companies these days . Apple sued Samsung . Samsung sued Apple . Apple sued Google . Google sued Apple . And so on . And so on . Wozniak , who has dropped out of the business end of things at Apple , had a solution . "  I hate it ... " Wozniak said . "  I wish everybody would just agree to exchange all the patents and everybody can build the best forms they want to use everybody 's technologies . " We 're with Woz . If the consumer-tech titans quit squabbling over the details and use all the tools at their disposal to make great products , we as consumers win , right ? But we 're not holding our breath . Estimated chance : 2 % The perfect social site More than 1 billion of us have made social networking a regular part of our lives . So why is everyone so unhappy ? With Facebook , if it 's not concerns about privacy , it 's irritation at ads or frustration with "  friends " who share those stupid "  click this or you hate puppies " posts . Twitter 's microbursts of news and info , much of it snarky commentary , definitely are n't for everybody .  That said , can even the biggest Twitter haters agree with us that "  Twitter is for twits " is an old , tired , unoriginal insult and move on ? So let 's hope for the perfect networking site to come along out of nowhere in 2013 . Failing that , maybe the existing sites will put their differences aside and combine the best of each into a single super-network .  Google + sure does look pretty . But how many folks do you know who use it on purpose ? Oh ... and our pipe-dream social network will be bankrolled by some billionaire as a public service , so there 'll be no annoying ads or worries about your data being used to serve advertisers . Hear that , billionaires ? Get busy . Estimated chance : 7 % Affordable 3-D printers OK ... so , "  affordable " is one of those things that 's definitely in the eye of the beholder . And by some early-adopter standards , the $ 2,200 or so you can plunk down for a MakerBot Replicator or other 3-D printer qualifies as a bargain . But we 'd love for 2013 to be the year that these living-in-the-future devices gain enough traction for the inevitable price drop that always eventually comes with new technology .  Witness : The $ 1,389 VCR The potential of 3-D printers is one of the truly exciting promises of emerging tech . The ability to reproduce tiny parts of bigger , more complicated objects -- say , cameras , appliances , etc. -- could help consumers extend the lifespans of our increasingly disposable gadgets . But , let 's be honest . We 'd probably use ours to make action figures or dinosaur skulls or a bunch of bad guys from Doctor Who . So , yeah . Hurry up with that price drop . Estimated chance : 46 % Made in the U.S.A. It 's not just about the goodwill they 'd get from customers , although there would probably be no shortage of that . But it 's increasingly looking like good business for top tech companies to start making their products in the United States . In 2012 , we saw glimmers of hope . Apple announced that it will begin manufacturing one of its computers in the United States in 2013 . Lenovo , the Chinese electronics company , announced it will be opening its first U.S. factory in North Carolina . And Google gave "  Made in the U.S.A. " a shot as well , with its ill-fated Nexus Q device . Apple , among other tech firms , has taken some lumps over reports of poor worker conditions on its assembly lines in China . Now , with production , transportation and other costs in China increasing , experts say it might not be long before it makes financial sense to move factories back to the States . As the U.S. economy continues to slowly rebound , let 's hope 2013 sees its fair share of that move . Estimated chance : 50 % Battery life We get it . We ask our smartphones , tablets and other mobile devices to do more , and do it faster , every year . We also want them to be small enough to act as fashion accessories  even as their display screens get bigger  . And we realize that all that surfing , texting , streaming and downloading burns power . But is it too much for us to dream of a day when we can go from sunup to sundown without having to stay tethered to a USB port ? A day when we can stream music or videos without growing anxious about preserving the precious remaining drops of juice in our gadgets ? There 's some room for optimism here . MIT researchers say a new amplifier design they 're working on could double battery life in smartphones . Research on consumer applications is underway , and , if we 're lucky , it will mean durable , environmentally friendlier batteries that will make finding public spots next to power outlets less of a blood sport . Estimated chance : We have no idea , but our fingers are crossed	As 2012 ends , here are our tech dreams for 2013 Will the big guys stop suing and start making the best gadgets possible ? We 'd love a "  perfect " social networking site More "  Made in the U.S.A. " tech and longer battery life would also rock
Lancaster , Texas  CNN  -- Cleanup efforts began in Texas on Tuesday after tornadoes ripped through the Dallas-Fort Worth area , tossing tractor-trailers like toys , forcing airlines to cancel flights and causing widespread damage . In Lancaster , Texas , south of Dallas , roofs were stripped to bare plywood and houses were speared by flying two-by-fours . About 300 buildings were damaged , according to the city 's mayor . A citywide curfew was put in place , and a shelter was opened . "  It was like ` The Wizard of Oz , ' " said Gwen Dabbs , who was n't able to make it to an interior room before the storm blew her windows out . She huddled in a corner of her living room covered with blankets as the tornado passed . "  My body is sore from being in the corner . But I do n't have not a cut , not a scratch , and I 'm so thankful . Thank you , Lord , " she said . CNN affiliate WFAA broadcast striking video of area damage , showing tractor-trailers being lifted and flipped like matchsticks . Ominous clouds filled the skies , making it as dark as night . "  The pictures that you 're seeing and that I 'm seeing are just horrific . We 've got reports of a number of injuries , but no reports of fatalities at the present time , " said Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst . As many as 13 tornadoes might have touched down in north Texas on Tuesday , said Jesse Moore , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Dallas-Fort Worth . "  Somewhere between six and 13 . I know that sounds like a big range , but until we actually go out and do the survey , the number is just approximate , " he said . Teams are preparing to assess the damage on Wednesday . National Weather Service tests graphic warnings The severe weather affected flights and aircraft at area airports . More than 110 aircraft at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport sustained various degrees of hail damage , the airport said . It reported airlines canceled 400 departures , and more than three dozen incoming flights were diverted to other airports because of the storm . Southwest Airlines , meanwhile , canceled more than 40 flights at Dallas Love Field , while American Airlines canceled all flights through Tuesday evening at Dallas-Fort Worth , one of the world 's busiest airports . The announcement , made via Twitter , was likely to affect American flights in other parts of the country . In all , American and its American Eagle partner airline canceled 234 outbound flights , according to a statement from American . By Tuesday evening , more than 47,000 homes and businesses in north Texas were without power , said a spokeswoman for Oncor Electric Delivery . Jonathan Cook said he was in a bank in south Fort Worth when the storm rolled in and he decided to leave . He went to a nearby gas station , where he ran into a friend whose window had been blown out and a National Weather Service worker with a radio who told them tornadoes were touching down nearby . "  A girl said ` Look up . ' And there were two funnel clouds that touched down about an eighth of a mile up from us , and debris was flying and we were trying to decide where to go . "  About that time , she said , ` Look behind us ' -- and a third tornado formed behind us , but had n't touched down , " Cook said . "  And about three minutes after that , the sirens started sounding . " Among the most dramatic images of the day were from a freight truck depot on the south side of Dallas , where one twister flung semitrailers high in the air and hundreds of feet from their parking spots . The lot is owned by Wisconsin-based Schneider National Trucking Company . Company spokeswoman Janet Bonkowski said there were no injuries at the facility and no damage to the building , "  but significant damage to the equipment that was in our yard . " A tractor weighs 20,000 pounds . An empty trailer weighs 14,000 pounds , while a full one weighs about 46,000 , the company said . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris estimated the tornadoes that moved through the Dallas-Forth Worth area were EF1 or EF2 twisters , at their strongest . "  This is fairly weak in terms of tornadoes , but we saw the awesome power of the twisters as they lifted the trailers several hundred feet in the air , " he said . Damage was also reported in Kennedale and Arlington , Texas . The mayor of the latter city signed a disaster declaration to help cope with the destruction . "  It 's extensive damage , " said Tiara Richard , a spokeswoman for Arlington police . No major injuries have been reported so far , but affected areas were still being searched for people who may be trapped , she said . Tarrant County spokesman Mark Flake said about 40 homes in Arlington sustained moderate damage . The Cowboys football stadium emerged almost unscathed , according to its general manager . Watch videos of the twisters In Kennedale , a large water main broke , and several people were injured , said city spokeswoman Amethyst Cirmo , though she could not immediately confirm how many . The city 's police chief , however , said there were no reports of deaths or injuries thus far . A community center was opened to residents displaced by the storm . Dallas County Sheriff Lupe Valdez said the area was hit by "  a series of tornadoes " that inflicted heavy damage on some of the southern suburbs . "  Our officers are going to several locations right now , " Valdez said . She said deputies were en route to some of the hardest hit areas to prevent looting , amid reports "  that some of that has already started . " "  We have our hands full . There are already a lot of situations where we have to go out and help , " she said . But all told , damage from the storm could have been much worse , said Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings . "  The big headline is that we dodged a big bullet , " he said . "  We 're saddened by the damage the system did , but we 've got nobody that 's dead and no significant injures . It really is a miracle . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Matt Smith , Dana Ford , Chad Myers , Joe Sutton and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Six to 13 tornadoes touched down in north Texas , the NWS says Dallas mayor : "  We dodged a big bullet " Hundreds of buildings are damaged and hundreds of flights are canceled "  It was like ` The Wizard of Oz , ' " says one witness
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Police clashed with hundreds of rioters in eastern Belfast on Tuesday in the second straight night of sectarian violence there . About 700 people had amassed in the streets Tuesday night , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said . Molotov cocktails , fireworks and bricks were being thrown , police said . Police fired water cannons on the crowd and asked the media to move away from the area . Two men suffered burns and one man was injured after shots were fired , police reported . Reporters retreated from the area after a newspaper photographer was shot in the leg . Sectarian rioting began late Monday in eastern Belfast , with leaders from both Catholic and Protestant communities reporting attacks on homes overnight . Police reported Molotov cocktails were being thrown as a large crowd gathered on the streets that separate Catholic and Protestant neighborhoods in the area , a longstanding Northern Ireland flash point . Ambulance services reported two people injured early Tuesday , and reporters attempting to cover the disturbances were threatened . The Irish republican party Sinn Fein said up to 100 masked men raided Catholic-owned homes in the Short Strand neighborhood after allegations by unionist politicians that Protestant homes were attacked Sunday . Police had no information on any of Sunday 's reported attacks . Sinn Fein blamed the attacks on Catholics on members of the Ulster Volunteer Force , a loyalist paramilitary group that officially disarmed in 2009 . Police had no immediate comment on the assertion . After a long period of quiet in its ongoing "  Troubles " between Catholics and Protestants , Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months . Tensions also are typically elevated in early summer , when Protestant groups hold commemorative marches to celebrate the 17th century victory of England 's King William III over his Catholic predecessor , James II . "  We would appeal to anyone with any influence to continue to work with police to tackle these issues which are damaging for the whole community , " Assistant Chief Constable Alistair Finlay said Tuesday in a statement . "  This is an issue that can not be addressed by police alone . "	Rioters pelt police with petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks , police say Reporters retreat from the area after a photographer is shot Police also clashed with rioters in east Belfast Monday Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months
CNN  -- Heather Mills ' dream of skiing at the 2014 Winter Paralympics is over but the recriminations keep on flying . Earlier this week the British Paralympic Association said Mills had made herself unavailable for selection in Sochi after an issue with an adaptive boot she uses to ski . Mills , former wife of Beatles star Paul McCartney , had her left leg amputated below the knee after a road accident in 1993 and declared her intention to try and make the Games over two years ago . But now she has been accused of grabbing an official from the International Paralympic Committee during a discussion about the eligibility of her equipment . Craig Spence , the IPC 's director of communications , told the UK Press Association that Mills had to be restrained after an alleged confrontation with the organization 's skiing chief Sylvana Mestre . Now Mills could be fined for her outburst , though the sequence of events presented by the IPC has been disputed by her own team . "  She was screaming , ` you 're a b *** h , you 're a b *** h , you do n't know who I am , I 'm going to make your life miserable , ' " Spence was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  Sylvana tried to walk away and Heather moved and grabbed at her and had to be restrained by the British coach . "  Heather has subsequently claimed in her statements that she has got an injury caused by the IPC forcing her to wear a heavier boot , but as far as we 're aware she has been using the unapproved boot all season . "  We had notified her and her coach that if she continues to compete on that boot she would be disqualified but that her results from the season and Monday would still stand . "  Heather 's subsequent statement that she had been disqualified is nonsense . " Despite missing out on Sochi , Mills has not given up on winter sports competition . "  Sylvana Mestre will step down after Sochi and maybe then the management of disabled sport can be reassessed , so that disabled athletes are treated with fairness and supported in their attempts to represent their country , in the same way able-bodied athletes are , " said a Mills statement . "  Although her hopes and dreams for Sochi are now over , Heather hopes to one day compete in Winter sports when the IPC re-evaluate the unfair systems that they have in place . In another statement given to the BBC , Mills ' team also refuted the IPC 's version of events . It read : "  Heather waited patiently -- as the IPC confirmed -- to try and explain to Sylvana Mestre that her left boot was legal and purely cosmetic to abide by the archaic IPC rules . "  It was just cut down and the buckles removed to stop more weight limb damage . " The statement went on to claim Mestre had shouted at Mills , refusing to let a Great Britain coach who was present explain the situation , before storming off . Mills has won a series of medals since launching her bid to make the British Paralympic team , but has also suffered a string of injuries , fracturing her shoulder , snapping her cruciate ligament and damaging her scapula . She married former Beatle Paul McCartney in 2002 , four years after the singer 's late wife Linda died , but the couple divorced six years later . The British Paralympic Association said in a statement on Tuesday that Mills had decided to resign from British Disabled Ski Team  BDST  , and thus give up any chance of being picked for Sochi . It added : "  Occasionally in sport equipment issues arise , especially with adaptive equipment and the interpretation of the rules in relation to its use . "  Therefore we are all saddened that she has decided to retire at this stage , rather than working with BDST and IPC Skiing to resolve the issue . "  Heather has shown determination and made great progress over the past few months and is to be commended for the success she 's had in her skiing career . "	Heather Mills accused of verbally abusing an International Paralympic Official Mills has given up on her hope of making the British team for the 2014 Winter Olympics A problem with her adaptive boot for skiing meant she was ineligible to compete IPC says she physically harassed the organization 's skiing chief Sylvana Mestre
Dallas  CNN  -- Authorities in Texas briefly detained a man late Wednesday after he lost control of his car while driving past the Dallas home of former President George W. Bush . The man was on his way to visit friends when the incident occurred , according to Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan . He was authorized to come onto Bush 's street , Donovan said . There was no perceived threat to the former president , according to Sgt. Warren Mitchell with the Dallas Police Department . "  President and Mrs. Bush are OK and they appreciate the work of the United States Secret Service and the Dallas Police Department in responding to the incident , " said Bush spokesman David Sherzer .	A man loses control of his car while driving past George W. Bush 's house The U.S. Secret Service is investigating the incident There is no apparent threat to the former president , police say
CNN  -- While much attention focused on whether Andy Roddick could delay his retirement by beating fellow former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro , one of tennis ' quiet achievers slipped into the quarterfinals at Flushing Meadows on Tuesday . David Ferrer has spent much of his career in the shadow of Rafael Nadal , but the 30-year-old joined his absent compatriot in becoming only the second Spaniard to reach the last eight of all four grand slams in a calendar year since the start of the professional era in 1968 . "  I 'm very happy for that , " the world No. 5 said after overcoming multiple rain delays to beat French 13th seed Richard Gasquet 7-5 7-6  7-2  6-4 . "  This season is the best of all my career . I 'm playing consistent all the year . " Ferrer reached the semifinals in New York in 2007 , but had not gone past round four again until now . However , he made it to the semifinals at Roland Garros in June and also the last eight at January 's Australian Open and Wimbledon in July . He will next face either eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic or Germany 's No. 19 Phillip Kohlschreiber , who trailed the Serbian 5-2 in the opening set before rain halted their fourth-round match . Former world No. 1 Roddick , who will quit after the tournament , was locked at 6-6 with 2009 U.S. Open winner Del Potro , having won the first point of the tiebreak when they went off the court . The winner of that fourth-round match will face either defending champion Novak Djokovic or Swiss 18th seed Stanislas Wawrinka . That clash was even less advanced when the weather intervened , with Serbian second seed Djokovic leading 2-0 in the opening set as he bids to match Ferrer , Andy Murray and Roger Federer in having reached at least the quarterfinals of all this season 's slams . Olympic champion Murray will take to Arthur Ashe Court against Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic in their last-eight clash when the Roddick-Del Potro match is over . World No. 1 Federer will play Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych in Wednesday 's evening session , needing just three more wins to clinch a record sixth title in the Open era . However , the Swiss will potentially face a semifinal rematch with Murray , who he beat in the 2008 final . They shared the honors in the two tournaments at Wimbledon this year . Ferrer , meanwhile , is hoping that his moments of fortune so far will translate into a first grand slam title . "  I think I have luck in important moments because I was set-points down in the second set  against Gasquet  , " he said . "  The first round with  Kevin  Anderson I was also three set-points down . With  Igor  Sijsling in the second round also the same . So I think in important moments I played good , but of course I had luck . "	David Ferrer has now reached quarterfinals of all four tennis grand slams in 2012 He is the second Spaniard to do so in calendar year since start of professional era Ferrer will next play either eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic or Germany 's Phillip Kohlschreiber Two other fourth-round matches were also halted by rain on Tuesday
Cap-Haitien , Haiti  CNN  -- The Christian Motorcyclists Association came to Haiti to distribute motorcycles to pastors . Instead , angry Haitians , some of them on motorbikes , ended up attacking the 11 American missionaries when they tried to flee this city aboard a big , yellow bus . "  We almost made it out of town , " team member Kerry Gibson told CNN in a phone call after his team survived the attack unharmed . Until Wednesday morning , Gibson and his fellow volunteers had been holed up in a hotel on a hilltop overlooking Cap-Haitien , after demonstrators put up networks of barricades through the streets and began attacking the bases of United Nations peacekeepers with rocks , bottles and petrol bombs . The demonstrators have accused peacekeepers of starting the cholera outbreak . The motorcyclist team is part of an American organization that has hundreds of branches across the country . One of its goals , Gibson said , is to donate motorcycles to Christian leaders . "  We put wheels under indigenous local pastors , " Gibson explained . "  We were presenting seven here in Cap-Haitien . Obviously , that wo n't happen now . " Given the violence that has led to the death of at least one protester , the team decided Wednesday to cut their trip to Haiti short by a week . A Haitian pastor informed Gibson that the road out of town was open , so the missionaries climbed aboard a commercial bus and tried to make it into nearby Dominican Republic . But on the outskirts of Cap-Haitien , the bus suddenly ran into trouble . "  We saw one guy with a machete raised up and he 's running and yelling and screaming and pointing up ahead . We suspect they put a blockade up in front of us . That 's when we stopped and they busted out the glass on the door , " Gibson recalled . "  Our driver , he was like a NASCAR driver . He started backing up , " Gibson said . "  But they put out two burned-out cars on the road in an effort to block us . " Gibson said protesters began hurling rocks at the bus and smashed the windshield . The bus was incapacitated and started spraying oil . At some point , demonstrators dragged a Haitian employee of the bus company out of the vehicle and began beating him . Gibson said the driver then maneuvered the bus onto the sidewalk and lurched the vehicle forward toward the gate of a nearby U.N. peacekeeping base . "  I feel like God protected us , " Gibson said . "  Just the fact that the bus stopped , died right in front of the U.N. compound , is confirmation that he 's looking out for us . " Peacekeepers from Chile opened the gate and ushered the bus and its passengers inside the compound . The 11 CMA representatives were preparing to spend the night with the Chilean military and pondering their next step for escaping Cap-Haitien . Gibson insisted that , throughout the adrenaline-packed attack on the bus , he never felt he was in danger . The man who was dragged off the bus escaped without serious injury , Gibson said . "  Of course it 's a nerve-wracking situation , but I never got the impression that there was any real effort to do physical harm to us . " Asked what he planned to do Thursday , he said , "  Pray a lot . " Journalist Dmitri Fourcand contributed to this report .	"  We almost made it out of town , " says Christian missionary Protesters broke the windshield of the bus Vehicle made it to the safety of a U.N. peacekeeping camp
CNN  -- The immigration debate took center stage Thursday as U.S. President Barack Obama fielded questions in a forum broadcast live online by the Spanish-language Univision network . "  I want you to acknowledge that you did not keep your promise , " co-host Jorge Ramos said in Spanish , noting that the president did n't deliver on his 2008 campaign pledge to push immigration reform during the first year of his term . Obama said the first year of his term was consumed by efforts to help the economy and stop the country from going into another Great Depression . And Republican political opponents , he said , kept many significant immigration measures from getting off the ground . For immigrants , ` deferred status ' still means no federal health insurance "  I am happy to take responsibility for the fact that we did n't get it done , " Obama said . "  But I did not make a promise that I would get everything done 100 % when I was elected as president . What I promised was that I would work every single day as hard as I can to make sure that everybody in this country regardless of who they are , what they look like , where they come from , that they would have a fair shot at the American dream . And that promise I 've kept . " Asked whether his move this summer to halt deportations of some children of illegal immigrants was politically motivated by a desire to win the Latino vote , Obama said , "  I think if you look at the polls , I was winning the Latino vote before that . "  I did this because I met young people all across the country , wonderful kids who sometimes were valedictorians , were participating in the community , had aspirations to go to college , some were serving in our military . ... There 's no way you would think it was fair or just for us to have them suffering under a cloud of deportation , " he said . After answering a series of Spanish questions about topics ranging from teacher strikes to Mexico 's drug war , Obama brought up the topic again at the end of the forum . Asked by Ramos to identify his biggest failure , Obama offered a quick response . "  Jorge , as you remind me , my biggest failure is that we have n't gotten comprehensive immigration reform done , " he said . "  But it 's not for lack of trying or desire . " The hourlong forum , co-sponsored by Facebook , was broadcast live online in Spanish and English on Thursday afternoon and was scheduled to air on Univision later Thursday night . On the campaign trail , both Obama and Republican challenger Gov. Mitt Romney have discussed immigration in their efforts to woo Latino voters , considered a key demographic in the November election . Obama handily won the Latino vote in 2008 over Republican Sen. John McCain , and recent polls have showed Obama leading Romney among Latino registered voters . Romney steps up effort to woo Latino voters in Univision forum The impreMedia/Latino Decisions weekly tracking poll reported Monday that Obama held a 68 % to 26 % advantage over Romney among Hispanics . A Gallup poll conducted partially before and partially after the Republican National Convention at the end of August said Obama leads Romney among Latino registered voters 64 % to 27 % . But Latino leaders have criticized the president for an overall increase in deportations of undocumented immigrants in recent years . Last year , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement removed 396,906 illegal immigrants , the largest number in the agency 's history . Some Latino leaders have also criticized the president for not moving quickly enough on immigration reform at the beginning of his presidency . Obama : ' I need a dance partner on immigration reform ' Politicians across party lines have vowed to fix what they argue is the nation 's broken immigration system . But it 's unclear what shape so-called comprehensive immigration reform could take -- particularly in a politically divided Congress . Many immigrant rights groups have proposed creating a "  path to citizenship " that would give millions of illegal immigrants an opportunity to become legal residents . Critics have called such proposals unfair offers of amnesty to lawbreakers . Measures aimed at dealing with the thorny issue -- including the DREAM act , proposed by Democrats and backed by Obama -- have not gained enough support to pass Congress despite several attempts . The Obama administration has said its deferred action policy -- which allows people younger than 30 who arrived in the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military , to apply for a two-year deferral from deportation -- is a temporary measure aimed at addressing a problem that requires a permanent solution . During the primary campaign , Romney said he opposed the DREAM Act , but also called for an unspecified GOP version that has yet to emerge from the party or his campaign . On Thursday , Obama said he had never wavered in his support for immigration reform and criticized Romney 's stance on the topic . "  The issue here for voters is whose vision best represents the aspirations , not just of the Latino community , but of all Americans who believe that we are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants . And that candidate I believe is talking to you right now , " he said as the audience at the University of Miami cheered . Romney spoke for about 35 minutes in another "  Meet the Candidates " forum hosted by Univision on Wednesday . The events come weeks after Ramos criticized the Commission on Presidential Debates for not picking a Latino debate moderator . "  I think that they should have noticed that this country is changing very rapidly , " Ramos told CNN in August . "  Minorities , for instance , surpass whites in U.S. births , and those changes simply are not reflected . I really ca n't believe why they did n't choose a member of a minority group to be part of at least one debate , and I really ca n't understand why  the commission did n't pick  a journalist from the fastest  growing  voting block in the country , the Latinos . " The bipartisan commission that organizes presidential debates announced the moderators last month . PBS ' Jim Lehrer will host the first debate on October 3 in Denver . Candy Crowley , CNN 's chief political correspondent and host of "  State of the Union , " will host the second debate on October 16 in Hempstead , New York , at Hofstra University . And CBS ' Bob Schieffer will host an October 22 debate in Boca Raton , Florida . Univision presidential forums stocked with partisans CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Tom Cohen and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Obama says stalling of immigration reform was "  not for lack of trying " Recent polls have showed President Obama leading among Latino registered voters Latinos are considered a crucial bloc for the November election The forum comes after co-host criticizes lack of Latino moderator in upcoming debates
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The world watched , as the London 2012 Olympic Games opened with director Danny Boyle 's elaborate ode to England , and furiously tapped their reaction on social media . But one comment on Twitter has sparked a political fracas on the home soil of the games , as a British member of Parliament lamented the "  multi-cultural crap " of the # 27 million  $ 42.4 million  ceremony . Entitled "  Isle of Wonder , " Boyle -- the Oscar-winning director best known for hit movies "  Trainspotting " and "  Slumdog Millionaire " -- put together a star-studded on-field dramatization that drew on Shakespeare and Brit Pop to chart Britain from its pastoral roots through the Industrial Revolution to James Bond , Harry Potter and the Beatles . "  The most leftie opening ceremony I have ever seen -- more than Beijing , the capital of a communist state ! Welfare tribute next ? " wrote Aidan Burley , a Conservative Party MP who was fired as a ministerial aide in David Cameron 's government after revelations he attended a Nazi-themed stag party in France last year . "  Thank God the athletes have arrived ! Now we can move on from leftie multi-cultural crap . Bring back red arrows , Shakespeare and the Stones ! " he added minutes later . Burley backpedaled after the strong online backlash against his comments , posting : "  Seems my tweet has been misunderstood . I was talking about the way it was handled in the show , not multiculturalism itself . " Queen opens the London 2012 Olympics There was a great deal of comparison being drawn between the London ceremony and the 2008 Beijing Olympics . @legallyblondekf wrote : "  Ha ! London sees your zillion drummers drumming in unison and raises you a deaf drummer . Your move China , " referring to deaf Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie leading drummers during the London ceremony . Like London , a pre-eminent director -- Zhang Yimou , director of films such as the 1991 film "  Raise the Red Lantern " and more recently "  The Flowers of War , " starring Christian Bale -- choreographed the Beijing ceremony . "  London 's  opening ceremony was a far cry from Beijing 's . Even the director of the London Olympics ceremony complained of the budget being too small , having only 27 million pounds , " user Haluo-yuan wrote on Sina Weibo , the largest micro-blogging site in China , where state censors block Twitter . "  There 's no comparison with the formidable China . " China 's best Olympic hopes in London Still , commentators on Sina Weibo were largely complimentary of the London ceremony -- although many complained about getting up at 4 a.m. in China to watch the event live . "  London 's Olympic opening ceremony certainly was interesting , but it ca n't be said that it was superior to Beijing 's . It can only be said that each had its merits , " wrote Zhang Yiwu , a professor at Peking University with 3 million followers on Sina Weibo . "  Beijing 's Olympics and its immense grandeur were hosted by a developing country , by a country that had never hosted the Olympics before , " he added . "  Now , we can relax but must also understand to strive for new heights of dignity . There 's no need for contentious feeling . Each has its own beauty . " Ai Weiwei , the Chinese artist and activist , helped design the iconic Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics before he fell afoul with authorities and is now under house arrest on tax evasion charges . He wrote Saturday : "  The London opening ceremony is free , relaxed and touching , smoothly switching between different time and space , expressing confidence . It 's the festival of modern citizens . " Athletes themselves were posting from inside the London arena , such as LeBron James , the three-time NBA MVP who is playing for the U.S. basketball team . James was up late into the night feeding images to Instagram from his view of the ceremony inside the stadium . "  Me with one of the best the game of basketball has to offer , " he wrote , tweeting a photo alongside U.S. teammate Kobe Bryant . Decoded : Boyle 's Olympic spectacular Indeed , the real-time social media scrum seemed to take some of the fun out of the ceremony for viewers in the U.S. , where the broadcast on NBC was tape-delayed to run during prime time hours . Gareth M. Skarka @gmskarka wrote : "  Hey @NBCOlympics -- there 's still #openingceremony occurring . You already tape-delayed it . Howsabout letting us watch it , not interviews ? " Added Charles Johnson @Lizardoid : "  NBC News in LA is still stubbornly pretending the Olympics opening ceremony is just beginning . " After the ceremony , director Boyle tweeted : "  Thank you , everyone , for your kind words ! Means the world to me . "  Proud to be British . " CNN 's Alexis Lai , CY Xu and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report	British politician 's opening ceremony tweet sparked a social media backlash Aidan Burley , a Conservative Party MP , called the ceremony "  multi-cultural crap " Many online weighed the London ceremony versus the 2008 Beijing Olympics Social media reaction was largely positive to director Danny Boyle 's $ 42 million production
CNN  -- The Syrian government on Thursday warned its citizens not to participate in unlicensed protests , saying that "  the laws in force in Syria will be implemented for serving the security of the citizens and the stability of the homeland . " The announcement came late in a day during which Syrian tanks and security forces swooped down hard on the restive city of Daraa , witnesses said . Helicopters hovered as security forces fanned out across the besieged city , breaking into homes and making arrests . Streets were littered with dead bodies and dwellings had no water or electricity . A city near the Jordanian border , Daraa is where the anti-government protests began and took hold last month . Now it is a test for police and soldiers attempting to quell protests and a government trying to cope with angry unrest . Also Thursday , the Muslim Brotherhood entered the fray by offering support for the protesters . "  Hereby , we announce that we will be part of this national project led by the spectacular vision and the great spirit of the Syrian youth and we call upon all Syrians of all backgrounds to join in establishing a national project in which all Syrians achieve what they have dreamt of -- liberty , freedom and progress , " the Islamic political group said in a statement . Human Rights Watch said army troops and other security forces have killed more than 300 protesters since March 16 . Other sources have cited higher numbers , and the government reports security personnel have also been killed . Many of the deaths have occurred in and around Daraa , where heavy firing could be heard Thursday and smoke was seen rising from homes , mosques and schools . Hundreds of snipers were stationed on the roofs of several buildings and security forces were shelling the city with mortars and anti-aircraft weapons , a witness said . One witness said dozens of tanks rumbled across a bridge and fired shells , as people hurled rocks at the tanks and tried to stop them from moving into the old part of the city . Another witness said security forces making mass arrests detained a large number of young men . A resident said people were too scared to take the wounded to hospitals since the streets were filled with security forces . Residents have gone without electricity , milk and medicine for four days , said the witness , who asked not to be named for security reasons . CNN was not able to independently confirm the accounts . The unrest began in Daraa in March after teens were arrested for scribbling anti-government graffiti . People protested the arrests , security forces greeted the demonstrators harshly , and that emboldened more rallies . Protests spread to other parts of Syria , where the same dynamic played out , despite promises and gestures of reform by the regime of Bashar al-Assad . There 's been an outcry in many international quarters due to the use of force against the peaceful gatherings . Human Rights Watch Wednesday urged Arab countries to "  join international efforts to establish an independent international inquiry " into the issue . "  In recent days President Bashar al-Assad 's government cut off access and communications with several cities , sending in tanks and troops in an effort to crush widespread public dissent , " the group said . The U.N. Security Council debated Syria on Wednesday but failed to agree on a response to the crisis . The situation has even made its way into the planning for Friday 's royal wedding in Britain of Prince William and Kate Middleton . The entire Syrian diplomatic corps was invited to the event as a matter of protocol , but the British Foreign Office said Thursday that Syria 's ambassador to the United Kingdom is now not welcome "  in the light of this week 's attacks against civilians by the Syrian security forces , which we have condemned . " CNN 's Raja Razek and Nada Husseini contributed to this report	NEW : Muslim Brotherhood offers support for the protesters "  The laws in force in Syria will be implemented , " government warns Daraa is the scene of tanks , helicopters , and mass arrests , witnesses say Residents are afraid to go out to collect the dead , a witness says
CNN  -- There are many luxurious amenities a business traveler enjoys while sleeping on the road : fluffy beds , room service , decked-out fitness centers and concierges . These amenities make traveling more comfortable . But when it comes down to it , take it from Dorothy : There 's no place like home . Some business travelers say they prefer staying in furnished vacation rentals , corporate housing and inns versus hotels , particularly for lengthier stays . That 's not just because alternative accommodations usually come with more space , free Wi-Fi , free laundry facilities and free parking , but doing so helps battle the lonesome blues while offering homey and off-the-beaten-path experiences . "  Living in hotels can be very depressing , " says Mark Mule , a traveling pit orchestra musician who is usually on the road for weeks or months at a time . "  Corporate and vacation rentals are homes . This is good for your head . " Hotel occupancy rates have slowly declined in recent years . Nationally , hotels enjoyed 63 % average occupancy in 2005 , according to Smith Travel Research . By the end of 2010 , that figure had fallen to 57.6 %  but it 's up from its five-year low in 2009 of 54.6 %  . That 's partly because of increased supply and less demand since then . As the economy recovers , travelers seek value . In a September 2010 survey by vacation rental booking site HomeAway.com , 10 % of travelers say they have stayed in a vacation rental for a business trip , and 42 % say they would consider a vacation rental while traveling for business . But booking a hotel still has its benefits . Survey results by market research group PhoCusWright show that hotels are , by far , the first-choice venue for corporate meetings and events , so staying in them is extremely convenient for attendees . Hotels providing newer , better club lounges There 's usually a fully equipped business center , maybe a pool and wait service . Members of hotel loyalty programs enjoy perks like free nights , free room upgrades , access to VIP lounges and preferential treatment . Sites like HomeAway.com , VacationRentals.com , VRBO.com , CorporateHousing.com , Wyndham Vacation Rentals  which rents the Breckenridge , Colorado , property in the photo above  and Craigslist.com have been around awhile for individuals to book short-term rentals , but new Web ventures such as AirBnB.com and Roomorama.com are making it possible for travelers to obtain cheaper rates for nightly lodging . Adventurous entrepreneurs can rent a room , but full , vacant properties are also available . AirBnB , which started in 2007 , booked half of its 2 million bookings in the last six months , but it does n't keep statistics on how many of those are business-related . The convenience of paying one price for furniture , housewares , amenities and utilities is attractive to business travelers , says Amanda Cook , director of membership and marketing for the Corporate Housing Providers Association . "  Corporate housing is ... specific to -LSB- clients ' -RSB- unique needs and reduces stress for the user , which in turn makes them more productive at their jobs , " Cook says . Saving money and hatred for nickel-and-diming are many travelers ' motivations for booking alternative lodging , particularly at inns , 91 % of which have free Wi-Fi and full breakfast , says Marti Mayne of the bed-and-breakfast industry 's Better Way to Stay campaign . Many B&B s also offer meal and activity packages , wine and cheese receptions , and 24/7 guest snack pantries . Other travelers seek more control over their routines . "  I almost exclusively stay in places I find through services such as AirBnB , " says grant writer and frequent business traveler Ron Flavin . "  The reason I do this is to stay fit . Staying in an apartment with a kitchen makes it easy for me to prepare healthy meals . " Chris Brisson , an entrepreneur and co-founder of Automizeit.com , has used vacation rental websites AirBnB.com and VRBO.com to find private , local experiences for small , off-site company meetings . One of his recent snags ? A three-story beachfront mansion in Costa Rica for $ 225 per night . When traveling overseas for the long term , travel security expert Clinton Emerson suggests checking with the destination 's U.S. Embassy , which performs security and safety checks on vetted rental properties . This helps prevent what happened to Comunicano CEO Andy Abramson , who once reserved a corporate apartment online that did not turn out as promised . "  The matter got resolved , but not without a loss of time and effort to get the kind of apartment we had reserved , " he says . "  Given the corporate apartment rentals are usually represented by multiple agencies , the key is to work with one that 's reputable and to find a company where the level of consistency is there . " While more options are available for business travelers willing to be diligent , staying in a reputable hotel may be better when staying for the first time in a city , says Faruq Hunter , an executive vice president with GeniusCo who travels seven months out of the year . There 's a better chance it will be close to the action and meet a traveler 's comfort and safety standards , he adds . "  Remember the purpose of your trip , " Hunter says . Those who do n't mind getting personal could consider staying with clients and colleagues , as public relations executive Elyse Bender-Segall does . "  I have established great relationships with all of my clients and enjoy getting to know them on a personal level when I am in their towns , " she says . "  To me , it feels more like home rather than to wake up alone in an unfamiliar hotel in a random city . " But travelers who really miss home may opt to skip overnights altogether . "  My schedule gets so tight sometimes that I choose not to spend a night in a hotel , " says Ismail Humet , co-founder of MyFreebeez.com . "  Instead , I take a red-eye flight back and get some sleep on the plane . Oftentimes , a last-minute upgrade to first class will cost less than a room plus meal expenses . First class is comfortable enough for me . It 's more important to get back home and spend time with my family . "	Some business travelers prefer furnished vacation rentals over hotels "  Corporate and vacation rentals are homes . This is good for your head , " one traveler says Alternative accommodations usually come with more space , free Wi-Fi , free laundry facilities
CNN  -- Neuroscientists love Aplysia . They are a type of sea slug that grows to be about a foot long . With only 20,000 nerve cells -- compared with about 100 billion found in the human brain -- Aplysia are the perfect lab animals for brain researchers hoping to isolate a crucial connection . Plus , "  they 're just attractive to look at , " says Dr. Eric Kandel , a biochemistry and biophysics professor at Columbia University . Kandel won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work with Aplysia -- or more specifically , for his work on the biological mechanisms of memory storage . For decades , Kandel has studied how we create short-term and long-term memories at the molecular level . His work has shown what genes are changed during the learning process , how these genes are altered and how the changes contribute to the growth of new connections in the brain . CNN spoke with Kandel about his research and why he 's fascinated by the human brain . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : CNN : Why do you think the Nobel Prize committee recognized your work ? Dr. Eric Kandel : There are two forms  of memory  . One is complex forms of memory , which require the hippocampus and  are called  explicit memory storage . The very simple forms like driving a car -- once you know how to do it , you do it automatically -- we call that implicit memory storage . And the two involve different systems in the brain . Being a romantic , I started out with Alden Spencer to study the hippocampus . I 'm thinking , ` That 's the seat of complex memory , and I want to get complicated . ' And we succeeded to record from the hippocampus . We were the first scientists to do this and we were euphoric . A medical miracle : Saving cholera victims But after a while , we realized that studying the cells in a region involved in memory is necessary but not sufficient . You 've got to see how a memory is formed . You 've got to see how information comes into the hippocampus and how it is stored over the long term . And when we tried to see what comes into the hippocampus , we found it very complicated to analyze . So I realized we had to take a very different approach . Rather than studying the most complex form of memory in a very complicated animal , we had to take the most simple form -- an implicit form of memory -- in a very simple animal . So I began to look around for very simple animals . And I focused in on the marine snail Aplysia . My colleagues and I found that learning involves alterations in the strength of communication between nerve cells . Nerve cells communicate with one another at specialized points called synapses . And these synapses are plastic -- they can be modified by learning . If you produce a short-term memory -- if you look up a telephone number you just remember for a short period of time  or  you meet somebody and remember their name briefly -- you have a transient change in the strength of communication . But if you have a long-term memory , you alter the expression of genes in the brain and you grow new synaptic connections . So as I tell my friends , if you remember anything about this conversation , you will have a different brain than you started out with before the conversation . CNN : So would memory work the same in a human as it does in a snail ? In other words , is what you 've discovered applicable to us ? Kandel : Yes and no . Obviously human memory is much more complicated than memory of a snail . We can learn things that they ca n't learn , obviously . We  have  conscious experiences as well as unconscious experiences . So the level of complexity is infinitely greater . But the remarkable thing that Darwin discovered is that evolution is very conservative . If it finds through natural selection that some set of mechanisms work , it tends to retain those mechanisms in perpetuity . And this is what one finds with the learning process . 10 women who changed medicine CNN : What led you to neuroscience research ? Kandel : I had no interest in science whatsoever . I went to medical school after having decided to do so somewhere between my junior and senior year at Harvard -- very late . I initially wanted to be an intellectual historian . And I did n't particularly enjoy the science courses ; even in medical school , I enjoyed the clinical work much more than the basic science courses . But I found working in the lab is so completely different than reading a textbook about it . You know , you 're planning strategies ; you 're working with your own hands . There 's essential satisfaction in running experiments . I remember having dinner with my wife before we were married and telling her , ` You know , I can see doing this for the rest of my life , but it 's ridiculous . You do n't have any money and I do n't have any money . We want to raise a family , and I 've got to earn a living going into private practice . ' And she goes , ` Money is of no significance . ' She has never uttered those magic words again , I can assure you  laughs  . But that , at the moment , was quite inspirational . CNN : Why has memory research held your attention for so long ? Kandel : Well , I think it 's a fascinating problem because it 's so central to everything we do . I once had the privilege of going to a Willem de Kooning retrospective at MOMA  the Museum of Modern Art in New York  . De Kooning already had Alzheimer 's disease . With Alzheimer 's disease , you lose explicit memory , complicated memory , so he would have difficulty recognizing people . But he would go into studio , and he 'd be another person because for a gifted painter , painting is like an implicit skill . It 's like driving a car -- after you learn it , you can do it automatically . And he did some beautiful paintings when he had fairly advanced Alzheimer 's disease . Clive Wearing -- the choir conductor in England -- had a severe explicit memory deficit . He could n't recognize people , places . But when he sat down at the piano , he could play almost as well as he ever did . If you ask him afterward , ` What 's it like to play the piano ? ' He would say , ` What are you talking about ? I have n't played the piano in 20 years . ' It 's amazing . The other reason memory is so important is there is a number of a diseases that affect memory storage , and we 'd like to know how they work so we can try to remedy them . Mom 's death inspires doctor 's work CNN : There 's been a lot of talk lately about "  mapping " the brain . Why is that important ? Kandel : The brain is the most complex object in the universe . And it is so important that we understand it , not only to understand ourselves and who we are , but also to be able to overcome many of the miseries that affect the brain . It 's not just schizophrenia and depression and post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety syndromes and autism . It 's Huntington 's disease and Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease -- dreadful disorders that we want to be able to help people with . So this is a major challenge . To see the president of the United States announce this first , in his State of the Union address , and then more recently at the White House -- and I had the privilege of being there -- is very exciting . They introduced President Obama by saying , this is our scientist in chief , and Obama broadly took on that title . So I think it 's wonderful . CNN : In 2004 , you said that we could have effective memory drugs in two years . Why do you think that 's proved to be a bit more difficult than expected ? Kandel : We have a reasonably good understanding of the molecular underpinnings of age-related memory loss . With Alzheimer 's disease , I think the understanding is surprisingly good . But if we 're so smart , how come we 're not rich ? How come we do n't have treatments for Alzheimer 's disease ? There are two possibilities -- one is that we 're deceiving ourselves and our understanding is much less complete than we think it is . Or , and I think this is a real possibility , we are starting to treat people too late in the disorder . By the time they come to us with symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease , they 've had the disease for 10 years . Now if , God forbid , somebody has breast cancer or colon cancer for 10 years and you sought treatment then , that 's pretty darn late if they 're  even  still alive at that particular point with this severe form of cancer . So the whole thrust in Alzheimer 's disease -- or at least an important thrust -- is to try to get early diagnoses so we can treat people much earlier than we are now treating them . CNN : When you first began your research , did you think we 'd get this far ? Kandel : Well , you know , it 's a relative thing . When I started , we knew , on the level that I now work , practically nothing . We knew the anatomy a bit , we knew a lot from clinical insights , but we had very little insight into the underlying mechanism . And we 've made a lot of progress on that , not just in learning but in perception and motor coordination and development . But if you look at where we want to go , what we ultimately want to understand , and how large the task is , one has to be very modest . ... There 's much , much more to be studied , and much , much more to be learned . Moreover , the clinical benefits that we 've gained out of what we 've learned so far have been modest . The best is yet to come .	Dr. Eric Kandel studies how we create short - and long-term memories Kandel won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work Sea slugs are used in neuroscience research because of their simple neuro-systems
CNN  -- Two men who the Iranian government said worked as spies for Israel and the United States were hanged Sunday morning , according to Iranian state news outlet Press TV . The men were identified as Mohammad Heidari and Kourosh Ahmadi . Press TV said Heidari provided classified information to Mossad , the Israeli intelligence agency , and Ahmadi had been convicted of providing the CIA with intelligence . There were no details on when the men were arrested or when they were tried . The hangings occurred at dawn , the report said . Israeli officials did n't comment on the report . The U.S. State Department acknowledged seeing the reports but had no comment . The CIA did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . The advocacy group Human Rights Activists News Agency , based in Iran , estimated in 2012 that there were 488 hangings in the prior 12 months . About 12 % of those were public executions , the group said , according to a State Department report . One person hanged in 2012 was Majid Jamali Fashi , who was convicted of killing an Iranian scientist . Iran said Israel paid him $ 120,000 to kill elementary-particle physicist Massoud Ali-Mohammadi . Iran also has blamed the United States and the United Kingdom for attacks against nuclear scientists . Iran 's enrichment of uranium has been one of the most contentious issues in nuclear talks between Iran and the so-called P5 +1 countries -- the United States , France , Britain , China , Russia and Germany . Iran has denied that it aims to build a nuclear bomb , claiming its nuclear program is for energy and medical use . Iran also holds a former U.S. Marine , Amir Hekmati , who was detained in August 2011 while visiting his grandmother . Iranian authorities accused him of spying for the CIA , a charge his family and the Obama administration deny . Originally he was sentenced to death during a closed-door trial , but that conviction was overturned , and the Arizona native awaits a new trial . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	Iran says the men were providing classified material to foreign intelligence agencies There were no comments from Israeli or U.S. officials One rights group says Iran hanged 488 people in one 12-month period Iran still holds former U.S. Marine it says was spying for the CIA
Washington  CNN  Few White House hopefuls would ever want to be compared to former President Richard Nixon , but some of Hillary Clinton 's pre-campaign moves -- or lack thereof -- are reminiscent of the 37th president . As Clinton eyes another run at the presidency in 2016 , some close to her -- especially those who are cheering reports she may wait until summer to officially announce a bid -- point to Nixon 's successful 1968 presidential bid as a positive sign , particularly how Nixon 's public operation went dark for about six months before entering the race . Despite being the presumed Democratic front-runner since Obama was reelected in 2012 , Clinton has been largely absent from the public spotlight since the midterms wrapped in November 2014 . And with the exception of the occasional paid speech and non-profit event , she could lie-low through the spring , a months-long hiatus similar to one Nixon took more than fifty years ago before winning the presidency for the first time . In "  The Greatest Comeback : How Richard Nixon Rose from Defeat to Create the New Majority , " author and longtime Nixon aide Patrick Buchanan retells the debate and intrigue around Nixon deciding to take a six-month hiatus from presidential politics ahead of the 1968 election . The comparisons to Clinton , while not perfect -- she is the same young lawyer who worked as an aide on the Nixon impeachment trial of the former president -- are obvious . Clinton is the favorite to win the Democratic nomination in 2016 and has already had to deal with attacks about her not being a "  fresh face . " A CNN/ORC poll out Wednesday found that Clinton leads the field with a whopping 61 % . Both candidates have unsuccessfully sought the presidential nomination before and held high profile West Wing positions elevating their status and name recognition . Nixon , who had then served a vice president for eight years but lost in the 1960 presidential election and the 1962 California gubernatorial race , was seen as the overwhelming favorite to win the Republican nomination in 1968 . There was strong competition -- notably from then Michigan Gov. George Romney -- but none had the support Nixon had . That is why , according to Buchanan , it was shocking when Nixon told an interviewer that after the 1966 midterm elections he was "  going to take a holiday from politics for at least six months . " "  Is it really wise to cede the field to Romney and lock ourselves into a six-month moratorium with no flexibility , " Buchanan recalls asking Nixon . Nixon pointedly responded : "  Let 'em chew on him for a little while . " "  That is what he expected the press to do to George . Romney , and that is what the press did , " Buchanan writes . "  The new year would prove an annus horribilis for the governor of Michigan . " Buchanan adds : Nixon knew "  if he started out on a presidential campaign in 1967 , even as an unannounced candidate ... the press and public would tire of him and begin looking about for the ` fresh face . ' Thus he would back away and not appear center stage as a candidate until more than a year later . ... It was a risky strategy and , judging by the results , a brilliant one . " Nixon would go on to narrowly win the 1968 election over Democrat Hubert Humphrey , but more importantly , he emerged from the Republican nomination process as the clear winner , trouncing Nelson Rockefeller , Ronald Reagan and Romney . Buchanan , who ran for president three times , said he does see some of Nixon 's strategy in Clinton . "  I see her more looking at the scene , asking , ` Why move now , ' " he said . "  I think that whole idea is absence makes the heart grow fonder . " He added that he was n't surprised Clinton , despite her work to impeach Nixon , has mixing his strategy . "  What dictates the strategy is more the circumstance and the individual , " he said . "  This was not just a lark , this was thought though . " By ducking from public events -- Clinton had only two public events in January and has only one slated for February -- the frontrunner is clearly trying to lie low . Clinton has four events planned for March , but that number is nothing compared to how many events she headlined in 2014 . Reports have surfaced that she may wait until summer to officially kick off a campaign , but Clinton confidants have told CNN that they expect some sort of campaign move to happen in April . The Nixon comparison favored by some close to Clinton -- but also causing some in Clinton-land to grimace -- have some . There are two obvious holes : The first being even if Clinton decides to lie low , today 's media landscape does n't have to abide by her wishes . Leaks about who she is hiring , where she may put her campaign headquarters and the problems she will face on the trail are rampant and the media is still as focused on her -- if not more -- than they were months ago . Secondly , unlike Nixon , Clinton 's crowded field of realistic challengers is n't in the primary . On her Democratic side , Vice President Joe Biden , Democratic Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , Sen. Bernie Sanders from Vermont and former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb have n't really made much a splash in polling , and one of her closest liberal competitors has repeatedly said she 's not running . While Clinton finds herself with over 60 % support , her next closest competitor , Biden , has gained six points since December and stands at 14 % . Warren follows at 10 % . Instead , the real crowded field facing Clinton comes mostly from Republicans , who have roughly two dozen possible hopefuls who might compete for the presidential nomination . While the media spotlight has burned a few contenders , it 's unclear if those missteps on the GOP side will translate to Clinton 's benefit once she finally decides to officially hop into the race . Quite simply , Clinton does n't have a George Romney for the media to "  chew " on .	Hillary Clinton 's strategy of lying low has some Clinton supporters thinking of Richard Nixon 's 1968 election Nixon chose to take a six-month hiatus from presidential politics before 1968 in order to allow the press to "  chew on " George Romney Clinton has been laying low for the better part of three months with only six events in January , February and March
CNN  -- Cycling can be the cruelest of sports and just when New Zealand 's Jack Bauer was ready to celebrate a Tour de France stage win it was snatched away from him in an instant . Out in front of the peloton for over 200km , Bauer was desperately holding on to his lead as he approached the finishing line in Nimes only for Alexander Kristoff of Norway to lead a surging group of sprinters past him . Kristoff took the victory , Bauer could only finish 10th and with tears in his eyes . The Garmin-Sharp rider had been in the breakaway with Swiss champion Martin Elmiger and on the run from Tallard built a lead of over eight minutes . But slowly it was whittled away and with a kilometer to go was down to just over 10 seconds . Bauer was the stronger of the duo and made his run for the finish to be denied by Katusha fast man Kristoff , who was claiming his second stage win of the 2014 Tour . Race leader Vincenzo Nibali retained his four minutes 37 second advantage over Alejandro Valverde after an uneventful stage for the yellow jersey contenders following two days in the Alps . It left the way clear for the sprinters but Bauer looked set to spoil their day with his gallant but in the end fruitless effort . "  It 's just bitter , bitter disappointment , " he told the official Tour de France website . "  It 's a childhood dream to win a stage of the Tour and for a domestique , like myself , I 'm normally working for others . "  This was my first chance to be up the road and with the chance in the wind and the weather , me and Martin realized we had a chance for the win . "  I faked to be tired but felt I had more punch left . I left it until 400 . I thought I had it but then I realized in the last 50m that I had nothing . German Heinrich Haussler finished second behind Kristoff , with green jersey holder Peter Sagan in third . Monday is a rest day as the contenders take stock ahead of the challenge of the Pyrenees and the only time trial of the race which may well decide the podium positions .	Alexander Kristoff wins 15th stage of Tour de France Second stage win for Norwegian sprinter Jack Bauer close to victory after being in two-man breakaway Vincenzo Nibali retains yellow jersey
CNN  The flight crew of the Delta Air Lines plane that skidded into a fence at LaGuardia Airport last week cited brake issues during the landing , according to an update on Monday from the NTSB . The crew said they did not sense any deceleration from the wheel brake upon landing , despite the auto brakes being set to "  max , " according to an ongoing investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board . The runway appeared all white in the moments before landing , according to the report . They based their decision to land after receiving a brake action report of "  good " from air traffic control , the NTSB said . "  The automatic spoilers did not deploy , " the crew told the NTSB , "  but that the first officer quickly deployed them manually . " The captain said he was unable to stop the aircraft from drifting left , according to the report . The Boeing MD-88 sustained significant damage to the left wing , flight spoilers , the nose of the plane and the left wing fuel tank , according to the NTSB . Delta Flight 1086 departed from Atlanta shortly after 9 a.m. Thursday . LaGuardia was dealing with snow and freezing fog as the flight approached its destination about two hours later . The aircraft briefly circled New York because of issues with snow and ice before touching down shortly after 11 a.m. . The plane slid off the runway with its nose busting through a fence before skidding to a halt mere feet from frigid waters . Twenty three passengers received minor injuries , and others were transported to the hospital for evaluation . An NTSB meteorologist is examining the weather conditions at the time of the accident , said the report . The cause of the accident has not been determined .	Delta Air Lines Flight 1086 skidded into a fence last week at a LaGuardia Airport beset by winter weather The NTSB says the crew reported they did not sense any deceleration from the wheel brake upon landing
CNN  -- The day was supposed to be remembered as one filled with happiness . Their daughter , after all , had just turned 2 years old . Instead , Nikki Peterson remembers December 30 , 2007 as the day her husband Billy got sick . Billy Anderson 's undiagnosed condition has kept him in the hospital for more than a year . Billy Anderson was in fine health until that evening last winter . He woke up in pain and his wife rushed him to the emergency room . Over the next few days , he suffered a number of ailments , from a running fever and hives to swelling joints . Nikki says she knew there was something wrong when Billy was no longer able to walk around the house . "  This is a 6-foot , 240-pound guy who does n't usually complain about anything , " she says . The couple , from Baxter Springs , Kansas , made three trips to the emergency room . On their third visit , Nikki refused to go home until doctors agreed to keep Billy in the hospital for further evaluation . Since then , Billy , age 29 , has been in and out of intensive care . He 's spent time on a ventilator and suffered kidney failure . His body is n't absorbing nutrients , and as a result , his 240-pound frame has been whittled down by 100 pounds . See photos of Billy and his family " One year and a battery of tests later , doctors still have n't pinpointed the cause of his condition . CNN 's medical show "  Vital Signs " recently asked viewers to tell their health stories on iReport.com . Nikki and her mom , Vicki Peterson , jumped at the opportunity . Tell your story with iReport.com They hope their story will reach someone who can help solve Billy 's unexplained illness . Doctors have gone through at least 40 possible diagnoses , according to Nikki . "  We 've been told that this is ` Billy 's Disease , ' and that this will be written about in medical journals . We hope somebody has missed a test or overlooked something , " she says . Billy , a father of two who dreams of opening up his own restaurant one day , appears to have some type of problem with B-cells , according to Nikki . B-cells play a critical role in keeping the immune system healthy . Dr. Jennifer Holter , who has been treating Billy at Oklahoma University Medical Center since the fall of 2008 , says several immunologists have reviewed his case but the underlying reason for his immunodeficiency is still unclear . Early on , doctors thought he had Crohn 's disease , an inflammatory bowel disease , but that turned out not to be the case . They also have n't been able to identify a typical gene disorder that may be the source . Most immunodeficiency disorders present themselves in childhood . Adult onset that is n't linked to a genetic event is even more uncommon , Dr. Holter says . "  I think when you have close to 25 immunologists look at you and they ca n't figure out what 's causing the problem , you can call that pretty rare , " she says . The ordeal has taken an emotional toll on the family . "  It 's been devastating . It 's traumatic for the children to have to watch someone who was once so strong suffer , " says Nikki . Being uninsured has added financial stress . Billy had just started a new job training to be a kitchen manager when he first got sick . As a result , he did n't have insurance . He was able to apply for Medicaid , but his coverage was canceled once he started receiving disability assistance . Oklahoma University Medical Center has become the family 's second home . Nikki has moved to nearby Tulsa in order to be able to spend half of the week by Billy 's side . Billy is currently receiving treatment that helps him replace the cells his body is n't making . He 's also receiving immunosuppressants to suppress aggravation in his gut . "  This is a very unfortunate situation for a very nice 29-year-old and we will keep offering him the best clinical care we can , " Dr. Holter says . Billy has cycled through five hospitals in the span of 12 months , and he and Nikki hope their next move will take them East . Billy recently applied for the Undiagnosed Diseases Program at the National Institutes of Health . The program uses a combination of scientific and medical expertise to help patients with mysterious conditions . Nikki , who has started a support group for Billy on Facebook and provides updates on his condition on his MySpace page , says she refuses to give up : "  Billy deserves every opportunity to survive . He 's a hard working man who took care of his family . "	iReport.com : Viewers , readers share their health stories Billy Anderson 's mysterious illness has kept him in the hospital for over a year Once the picture of health , Billy has lost 100 pounds due to his sickness Doctors call his condition ` Billy 's Disease ' , wife Nikki Peterson says
EW.com  -- She might not get paid as much as "  Iron Man , " but there 's no doubt that celestial beauty Angelina Jolie is smiling all the way to the bank . This year , Jolie topped Forbes ' annual list of the highest-paid actresses in Hollywood with an incredibly robust $ 33 million . Though her last big-budget feature was the much maligned "  The Tourist " back in 2010 , Jolie has spent the past few years developing , writing and directing flicks such as "  In the Land of Blood and Honey " and the upcoming "  Unbroken , " and even found time to film Disney 's "  Maleficent . " ` Divergent ' fun : Which faction would Angelina Jolie , Jennifer Lawrence and more be placed in ? You see , Angelina Jolie is so wealthy that she can basically stop acting , develop some very small indie flicks and still make money . Everyone 's dream best friend Jennifer Lawrence came in second on the list , pocketing a cool $ 26 million , which will go well with her Oscar . Rounding out the top five are past payday queen Kristen Stewart  $ 22 million  , America 's Sweetheart Jennifer Aniston  $ 20 million  , and America 's Sweetheart Part II Emma Stone  $ 16 million  . Angelina Jolie casts lead for ` Unbroken ' So three out of the top five are under 24 years of age , while the other two on the list have a very , very , very famous man in common . Plus , when added together , the top five women in Hollywood earned a collective $ 117 million â $ " talk about Girl Power ! Of course , this pales in comparison to the $ 308 million that Hollywood 's top five male actors earned last year but hey , baby steps . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Angelina Jolie is the highest-paid actress in Hollywood , according to Forbes The star made $ 33 million within the past year Jennifer Lawrence is in second place with $ 26 million Kristen Stewart , Jennifer Aniston and Emma Stone round out the top five
CNN  -- In January , I brought my 4-year-old daughter to Robinson 's Arch , the section of Jerusalem 's Western Wall reserved for egalitarian prayer without gender segregation . My husband and I , both Conservative rabbis , explained to her that this sacred space once formed part of the ancient Temple compound , and we helped her to place a folded-up prayer note in the cracks between the stones . It was a sweet moment and one made possible by lengthy negotiations between the Israeli government and the Reform and Conservative denominations of Judaism , as well as the women 's prayer group known as Women of the Wall . While the Orthodox authorities who govern the main plaza of the Wall mandate gender segregation , the agreement to create an enhanced prayer space at Robinson 's Arch allows Jews of all denominations to pray at the Western Wall without compromising our egalitarian beliefs . But at the end of February , the Jerusalem District Court approved an agreement between two government subsidiaries to transfer management of Robinson 's Arch to an organization of religious right-wing settlers , Elad , posing a new threat to the ability of liberal Jews to pray at this site without checking our values at the door . Today , the Jerusalem district court will hear a complaint by the Israeli Attorney General 's Office that the Housing Ministry organized the transfer without authorization . North American Jews must join in this opposition . Elad exists in order to move Jewish settlers into Palestinian neighborhoods of East Jerusalem , so as to establish facts on the ground that will obstruct any peace agreement . For this , Elad raises $ 6 million a year from American Jews . This money funds legal maneuvers to evict Palestinian families from their homes and the establishment of Jewish settlement compound in Palestinian neighborhoods of East Jerusalem . Elad also manages the City of David archaeological site in East Jerusalem . Leading Israeli archaeologists have complained about the use of this site for ideological propaganda tourism . There is little question that if Elad takes over the archaeological park connected to Robinson 's Arch , per the current agreement , our prayer space will similarly be used as a settler propaganda mill . I recently visited Silwan , the neighborhood that has suffered the most from Elad 's activities . New fortresses , with Israeli flags flapping over barbed wire barriers , now tower over the humble homes of longtime Arab residents . Armed guards accompany the settlers wherever they go . Those who argue that Jews must be permitted to move into any area of Jerusalem must understand : This is not a question of diversifying the neighborhood . It 's a hostile takeover . It is aimed at ensuring that East Jerusalem will never become part of a Palestinian state and , in fact , that no such state will ever come to be . The Reform and Conservative movements , as well as Women of the Wall , responded swiftly and furiously to the announcement that Elad may take control of Robinson 's Arch . In a strongly worded joint statement , they argued that an Orthodox organization can not be trusted to maintain the area as a place for egalitarian prayer . This anger is justified . The very suggestion that an Orthodox group would manage the prayer space reserved for non-Orthodox prayer reveals how tone-deaf some sectors of the Israeli government have become to the voices of North American Jews , the vast majority of whom believe that men and women should be equal in prayer as in other parts of life . But the danger of transferring power to Elad goes far beyond the question of who may pray where . This organization seems to have little stake in the debate over egalitarian prayer and in fact has announced its intent to respect existing agreements . More concerning is the possibility that those of us committed to egalitarian prayer at the Western Wall will end up supporting the expansion of settlements and the erosion of the peace process through our donations and entrance fees . The endless negotiations over religious pluralism in Israel have exposed the fissure between North American Jews , who are Israel 's greatest financial and political supporters , and the Israeli religious establishment . On issues such as the right of women to lead services at the Wall , Reform , Conservative , Reconstructionist and even Orthodox American Jews have been willing to issue strong statements and even protest at the Israeli Embassy . The current crisis over ceding control of an egalitarian prayer space to an organization of right-wing settlers has blown apart the delusion that North American Jewish leaders can criticize Israel on issues of religious pluralism while staying away from criticisms of settlement policy . The two are too deeply intertwined . Rejecting the Orthodox hegemony that has placed the main plaza of the Wall off-limits to egalitarian prayer services also means loosening the grip of settlers on Israeli politics .	Prayer space at Western Wall may become politicized , Rabbi Jill Jacobs writes She says a portion open to both men and women is being ceded to a settler group Jacobs says people who want to pray together do n't want to be endorsing settlers She says Israeli authorities , North American Jews should oppose the move
The three-year war in Syria has claimed 162,402 lives , an opposition group said Monday , as the raging conflict shows no signs of abating . The dead include 8,607 children , according to the the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . It said the total numbers included civilians , military members , defected soldiers and foreign fighters , among others . United Nations officials said they stopped updating their death toll in July because of lack of access and the inability to verify information from sources . At the time , it said that well over 100,000 people , including many civilians , have been killed in the war pitting government forces against rebels seeking to end the rule of President Bashar al - Assad . The political uprising against al-Assad 's regime started with mostly peaceful protests in Daraa province in March 2011 . Syria responded with a ferocious crackdown against demonstrators and has consistently said it is battling armed terrorist groups as it targeted anti-government protesters . Al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for more than four decades , succeeded his father in 2000 and won a second term in 2007 . Syria 's next presidential election is scheduled for next month , and al-Assad has registered to run again . The United Nations has asked his government to reconsider the election as the carnage mounts daily . So far , attempts to stop the fighting between government forces and rebels seeking al-Assad 's ouster have failed .	The dead include 8,607 children , according to Syrian Observatory for Human Rights Total number includes civilians , military members , defected soldiers and foreign fighters Syria 's presidential election is scheduled for next month
Corcoran , California  CNN  -- Notorious killer Charles Manson , 77 , was denied parole Wednesday after a California parole panel "  could find nothing good as far as suitability " for his being paroled , a commissioner said . Manson did n't show up for his parole hearing , which was held at a state prison in Corcoran , California , where he is serving a life sentence . Manson 's next parole hearing was scheduled for 15 years from now , meaning he could die in prison . California Board of Parole Hearings Commissioner John Peck said that Manson has accumulated 108 serious disciplinary violations in prison since 1971 and that he has shown no indication of remorse for his nine murder convictions . Manson has n't participated in any self-help programs or vocational training , Peck said . Manson also has n't shown any parole plans , he said . Peck also cited Manson 's statement to a psychologist in a prison interview on November 2 , 2011 , in which Manson stated : "  I am special . I am not like the average inmate . I have put five people in the grave . I 've been in prison most of my life . I 'm a very dangerous man , " Manson told the psychologist , according to a report read aloud by Peck during the hearing . Those statements marked a change from Manson 's past denials of having murdered nine people in 1969 , and the statements showed some insight into his crimes , Peck said , reading from the report . But two-member parole panel still found the statements troubling , denying him parole and scheduling his next hearing for 15 years from now , the maximum allowed under law , Peck said . That would put Manson at age 92 for his next hearing , unless he petitions the board for an earlier hearing . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Patrick Sequeira , who opposed Manson 's parole at the hearing , said Manson is likely to die in prison . Sequeira said he did n't know which "  five people " Manson was referring to in his statement to the psychologist . "  When you think a person will be 92 years old , it 's very likely that there will be no further parole hearings for Mr. Manson , " Sequeira told reporters after the 80-minute hearing concluded . "  He does not deserve to be returned to society , " the prosecutor added . "  He has a history of refusing to cooperate , not only with psychologists for evaluations , but also for treatment . " DeJon R. Lewis , Manson 's state-appointed attorney , who has never met his client , said he did n't know why Manson did n't show up for the hearing . Manson has n't appeared at any of his parole hearings during the past 15 years . Manson did n't come out of his cell to participate in an interview with Lewis a month ago , Lewis told the parole panel . "  Quite frankly , I do n't think he could have helped himself today by speaking on the record , " Lewis told reporters after the hearing . Manson now has been denied parole 12 times , authorities said . Manson was initially sentenced to death for the grisly 1969 slayings of pregnant actress Sharon Tate and eight others by a group of his followers -- called his "  family " -- as part of what prosecutors said was an attempt to incite an apocalyptic race war between whites and blacks during the country 's massive social unrest . Manson 's death sentence was changed to life in prison after California 's death penalty was overturned for a period during the 1970s . Manson and his family staged crime scenes to appear as if African-Americans or the Black Panthers committed the murders , Sequeira told the panel . He called the stabbing and shooting deaths "  domestic terror . " After the race war , Manson and his followers would emerge from their desert retreat "  to rule the world , " Sequeira told the panel . Manson and his followers believed the Beatles ' "  White Album " predicted such an apocalyptic war , Sequeira told the panel . Debra Tate , the sister of Sharon Tate , who attended Wednesday 's hearing , told the parole panel that she believed Manson declined to attend the proceeding because he did n't want to hear her or any other victim 's impact statement . "  He clearly does not want to be released into the public , " Tate told the parole board . After Manson was denied parole , with his next hearing scheduled for 2027 , Tate was "  elated , " she told reporters . She has been attending Manson 's parole hearings for the past 15 years . "  I was very pleased that we will never hear from Charlie Manson again , " Tate told reporters . "  I do n't have to see him again . For this one , it 's over . " Last October , Manson was found to be in possession of an inmate-manufactured weapon and he is now being held for 15 months in isolation in a secured housing unit in the California State Prison Corcoran , said Commissioner Gilbert Robles , the other member of the two-person parole panel . In another incident , Manson was also found to be in a possession of a cell phone , another prison violation , the panel said . Of the 108 serious discipline violations committed by Manson in prison , 35 of them were violent , Sequeira said . Seven of the serious disciplinary violations occurred since Manson 's previous parole hearing in 2007 , the prosecutor said . Manson has a history of manipulative and controlling behavior and has a record of mental health issues , including schizophrenia and a paranoid delusional disorder , Robles said . Manson also had a history of using drugs such as LSD , amphetamines and barbiturates , but he has n't participated in any self-help programs for the last 11 years , Robles said . Manson dropped out of school at 3rd grade when he was 9 years old , and he spent years in boy reformatories . But he has n't used his prison time to obtain a GED , which is an alternative high school diploma , according to Robles and Peck . Manson posted an IQ of 121 in 1972 , which is average to high average of intellectual functioning , Sequeira said .	NEW : Manson is being held in isolation after being caught with a weapon in October "  We will never hear from Charlie Manson again , " says Debra Tate , sister of victim "  I have put five people in the grave . ... I 'm a very dangerous man , " Manson told psychologist Manson , 77 , serving a life sentence for nine murders , did n't show up to hearing
CNN  -- It is hard for me to recall a victory as total -- or surrender as ignominious -- as the Great Shutdown Showdown of 2013 . Room S-230 of the U.S. Capitol , the office of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , is where the final deal was struck , and it will join Appomattox , the USS Missouri and Waterloo as the site of an unconditional surrender . They ought to put up a plaque where Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid delivered the tea partying Republicans their worst whipping in a generation . I 'm not sure I have fully absorbed all we have been through these past two weeks in Washington . The 15-day shutdown saw a deadly shooting at the Capitol , a self-immolation on the National Mall , a citizen waving the Confederate battle flag in front of the White House and World War II veterans storming one last barricade . No one could have predicted all of that . But the outcome itself was a foregone conclusion . Republicans were seeking an unattainable goal : Repealing Obamacare during the presidency of Barack Obama . They were sure to fail . But the circumstances of their defeat -- and the Democratic hero who has emerged -- are worth noting . Faithful readers of my columns in this space will recall that I predicted the President would prevail in the government shutdown because his party is more united , more mainstream and more reasonable . And , while our President undoubtedly triumphed -- showing a steely resolve that critics thought he lacked -- the undisputed heavyweight champion of the shutdown showdown is Reid . He truly is the King of the Hill . While the House GOP conference exploded like the finale of a fireworks show , Reid held together a Senate Democratic Caucus that is significantly more diverse . From Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , a socialist , to West Virginia 's Joe Manchin -- who is so conservative that he shot a rifle at an environmental bill in one of his ads -- Reid kept his forces united . Calling Reid an ex-boxer is like calling John McCain an ex-naval officer ; you really never depart from those deeply ingrained traits . In the gym at Basic High in Henderson , Nevada , Reid learned to box . He learned how to explore your opponent 's defenses , how to probe with a jab , when to feint and when to cover up . And when you have your opponent on the ropes , you finish him off . Unlike the solitary sport of boxing , politics is a team effort , and Reid led his team with brilliance and bravery . Reid , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Obama are three very different kinds of leaders . And yet they were yoked together in perfect balance ; one would lean in while another held back ; one would hold an olive branch while a third would talk tough . The poor Republicans were divided between the realists , who were depressed , and the true believers , who were delusional . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz would strut and admire his plumage , while House Speaker John Boehner alternated between feckless and hapless . In the end it was McConnell who performed last rites on the corpse of Repeal Obamacare . To be sure , no victory is ever final . No defeat is ever permanent . Republicans went on to hold the House after their disastrous shutdown of 1995-96 , and Obama rebounded from what he called "  a shellacking " in the midterm elections of 2010 to win re-election comfortably in 2012 . Reid understands that . He has been a student of politics and a creature of the Hill since he worked his way through law school as a Capitol police officer . You wo n't see him dancing around the ring , holding his championship belt over his head . Perhaps he 'll have a quiet dinner with his beloved Landra . Then begin training for his next fight . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : The Great Shutdown Showdown of 2013 will go down in history Begala : Republicans were seeking an unattainable goal ; they were sure to fail He says Sen. Harry Reid is the undisputed heavyweight champion of the shutdown Begala : A former boxer , Reid kept Democrats united and reached deal with GOP
CNN  -- He was the man behind KITT the talking car , Magnum and Starbuck . Prolific television producer Glen A. Larson passed away on Friday at the age of 77 after a battle with cancer , his son James told CNN . Larson produced many popular and cult favorite shows in the late 1970s and 1980s , including "  Magnum , P.I. , " "  Knight Rider "  with its talking car  , "  Battlestar Galactica "  with its space-age hero Starbuck  , "  The Fall Guy , " "  Quincy , M.E. " and "  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century . " His entertainment career started in the 1950s , when he was a member of the all-male quartet the Four Preps . He started in television in the 1960s , working on "  The Fugitive , " "  Alias Smith and Jones " and "  The Six Million Dollar Man . " Larson loved action and science fiction , and "  Battlestar Galactica " was a concept he considered for about 10 years before it finally hit the air in 1978 . While it only lasted one season , its 2003 reboot was a critical and commercial success . His "  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century " reportedly re-used special effects and sets from "  Battlestar . " Larson was also responsible for one of the best-known short-lived series , "  Manimal , " which was heavily promoted by NBC in 1983 but only lasted eight episodes . Larson was cited on Twitter as a major influence upon many Hollywood writers and producers . Among them was Ronald D. Moore , who rebooted "  Battlestar " : "  Goodbye Glen Larson and thank you for creating one of the shows from my childhood that changed my life . May you find your own 13th Colony . " Actor Edward James Olmos , who played Commander Adama in the new series , also paid his respects : "  Glen Larson , we thank you for the ride , you are battlestar , we will miss you . See you on the other side . " "  Knight Rider " star David Hasselhoff shared his condolences to Larson 's family as well : "  He  had 7 tv series at one time ! Without him there 'd be no KITT & Michael . " Scott Baio called him a "  dear friend , " while "  Walking Dead " executive producer Scott Gimple tweeted that Larson will "  rule forever . " People we 've lost in 2014	Prolific TV producer Glen A. Larson has died at 77 Larson was responsible for many hits and cult classics from the 1980s He created "  Knight Rider , " "  Battlestar Galactica " and "  Magnum , P.I. "
CNN  -- South Korean golfer K.J. Choi has pledged $ 100,000 to the Japan disaster relief fund through his personal charity foundation . The 40-year-old , who won two tournaments on the Japanese circuit before becoming the first from his country to qualify for the U.S. PGA Tour , will give the money to the American Red Cross . "  It is shocking and terribly sad to see what is happening every day in Japan and the difficulty they face in overcoming this disaster . The situation in Japan impacts us all on a global level , " Choi said in a statement on Friday . "  This is the time for us to join our hands together and do all we can to help our friends in Japan . I have special memories of playing in Japan as it set the stepping stone in helping me to become the first Korean to earn a PGA Tour card . "  Through the K.J. Choi Foundation , I want to implement projects that can attract continuous interest and support to help our neighbors in Japan . " Choi has followed the example set by Japanese golfer Ryuji Imada , who is also playing at the Transitions Championship in Tampa Bay , Florida . Imada wrote a note on Wednesday stating that he would donate $ 1,000 for every birdie score he makes at the tournament this week , and left copies in the media room and players ' locker area asking for similar contributions . The Hiroshima native , who moved to the U.S. in 1990 at the age of 14 to pursue a career as a golfer , carded no birdies in his opening round of 74 on Thursday but managed two in his 75 on Friday . He was 16 shots behind American leaders Chris Couch and Garrett Willis as he missed the halfway cut along with 19-year-old compatriot Ryo Ishikawa  73  and seven-time PGA Tour winner Choi  75  . Spain 's Sergio Garcia made a welcome return to form with a 66 that left him tied for third with American Webb Simpson , a shot behind the leaders . World No. 1 Martin Kaymer was five shots off the pace , tied for 26th in a group including last weekend 's WGC-Cadillac Championship winner Nick Watney . Meanwhile , English golfer Anthony Wall has credited a cheap mobile-phone application for the form which has taken him to the top of the leaderboard at the halfway stage of the European Tour 's Sicilian Open . Seeking to follow up his maiden victory 11 years ago , the 35-year-old carded a bogey-free four-under-par 67 in Friday 's second round to claim a two-shot lead at Donnafugata Golf Resort . He said tips from former European Tour player Tony Johnstone had helped his putting stroke , but an iPhone application about reading greens by noted short-game specialist David Stockton -- who has helped the likes of three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson -- had really paid off . "  That is the best 59 pence  95 cents  I have ever spent because his tips have really simplified a few things for me , " Wall told the European Tour website . "  I have just been looking at the low side of every putt for the last two days -- really concentrating on the last third of the putt as opposed to the whole putt -- and that has definitely helped me . I have n't holed everything but I have hit my putts a lot better . "  It was a bargain , I have to say -- you do n't get many valuable lessons for 59 pence these days ! The thing about Dave Stockton is that he is and always was an amazing putter , and you tend to listen to those guys a bit more . " Wall , ranked 206th in the world , is being chased by Australia 's No. 64 Richard Green and France 's Raphael Jacquelin , both on seven-under 135 . Left-hander Green , at 64th the top player in the field , bounced back from a double-bogey at his opening hole to card 67 , with birdies at two of his last three greens . They are followed by a group of five players tied for fourth on 137 , while former European Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie was in a bunch of six another shot back after his second successive 69 .	K.J. Choi makes contribution to help those in Japan , where he played earlier in career Korean veteran follows example of Japan 's Ryuji Imada , who asked for donations Both are playing at the PGA Tour 's Transitions Championship in Florida this week Anthony Wall takes two-shot lead at halfway stage of European Tour 's Italian event
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai has confounded expectations by delivering a cool , considered denial of charges leveled against him during a keenly-anticipated corruption trial that has captivated China . So far , the public has heard more details of the case than many anticipated . Live tweets from the court house in Jinan , Shandong , are now being followed by more than 460,000 people and this number is expected to rise . After the first full day of testimony , CNN asked prominent China analyst Cheng Li , from the Brookings Institution in Washington , for his thoughts on how and why the trial has veered so dramatically off-script . CNN : Before Bo Xilai 's trial , many commentators predicted it would follow a tight script but that does n't appear to be the case . What has been the most surprising twist ? Cheng Li : There were two surprises . One is that Bo has rejected all allegations so far , and said he "  unwillingly " accepted the charge when he was being questioned by the central disciplinary commission investigation team . The second surprise is that the prosecution has performed very poorly in trying to make a strong case against him ; it seems to be falling apart . All of a sudden , in my view , Bo has decided not to cooperate , but not completely . Because he did not go too far to condemn other leaders or reveal some other problems ; this is probably what worried some of the leadership the most . CNN : Did Bo and his legal team wrong-foot the leadership ? Li : Bo as a person , as a leader , is unpredictable . If you reviewed his career he always surprised people . He has always played the wildcard . It will be the authorities ' problem if they did n't prepare for that . When you have a semi-open trial you need to prepare . There 's a lot of praise in Chinese social media for the judge for his professional manner , but the prosecutors are terrible . Bo has rejected virtually everything in a very effective way . But that means even the leadership ca n't rely too much on the promises or deals made by Bo . CNN : Do you think a deal was done before the trial and does that appear to be unraveling ? Li : Of course there would have been deals made before , otherwise the leadership would not be willing to pursue the charges . The deal is they dropped some of the most severe charges against him . If you look at September 28 when they arrested him and expelled him from the Communist Party -- there were about six or seven charges , including obstruction of justice and womanizing and , probably most importantly , during the investigation of the murder of Neil Heywood they allegedly found some other criminal activities . In July , they put forward only three charges : Bribery , corruption and abuse of power . CNN : What 's the problem for the leadership strategy to focus on corruption ? Bo was the wrong person to focus on corruption because he was famous for being anti-corruption during his tenure in Chongqing . And relatively speaking , at least in people 's perception , he 's not that corrupted . He made a lot of people nervous about his self-promotion campaign -- that 's the real reason , not about corruption . Bo Xilai 's real ambition is not about the money . He wants to be a top leader , or the top leader . By that time the whole country would be his . That 's the fundamental dilemma for the leadership . Now the leadership is in an awkward position -- the charges of corruption will not resonate too well and they ca n't go back to the other charges . So what kind of verdict will they give him ? Certainly it will not be too severe . If it 's too lenient they 'll receive other serious criticism so it 's really a no-win situation for the leadership . CNN : What do you think the reaction will be in the leadership after this "  change of script " ? Li : If you follow the reaction in China most people think that Bo did well , including people who really do not like him . In my view he was clear , focused , articulate and eloquent . Some people who previously really hated him now tend to forget all the awful things he allegedly did . I think the authorities ' case is not in good shape on day one . CNN : Has the leadership 's tactic backfired ? Could Bo have gained more support than he 's lost in the past 24 hours ? Li : Absolutely . There are a lot of rumors that he was very emotional and out of control in jail . But he presented himself very well . He was very respectful , reasonable , had a human touch , he cared about Dalian , he cared about its people . He claimed he was betrayed by some bad guys . He made a clear cut with his wife ; blamed many things on his wife , especially the things that he claimed he did not know . Also , his defense lawyer did an excellent job to use very clear language to undermine a lot of the accusations . Bo Xilai and his defense lawyer came across very well -- that was also a surprise , in many ways . CNN : Did you find it surprising that he seemed to turn on his wife , Gu Kailai ? Li : A line has been drawn . His defense lawyer kept emphasizing her unstable mental status and most of the people in China believe that . If you look at the pictures before her arrest and in the court , it looks like there 's a problem . Of course the prosecution did n't buy that , but when people judge , at least the civilian people , they buy that argument . So Bo has successfully drawn a line between him and his wife and used it to undermine her testimony . CNN : There was a lot of talk when the scandal emerged -- and in subsequent months -- that the case would shake-up Chinese politics . Is it that the case , or will it be business as usual after the verdict ? Li : The Bo case has revealed the fundamental flaws of the political system and the widespread phenomenon of corruption and power abuse . So this case already has a strong impact . In 18 months a lot has changed ; there 's been a leadership succession , Wen Jiabao 's retirement , and the princelings have consolidated their power . The leadership wants to move forward . They want to put it behind them and move onto other issues . That strategy , although it 's rational , will probably not resonate very well -- you leave some potential problems for the future as they fail to use the case to consolidate and uplift public confidence in the legal system . CNN : Given the apparent troubled nature of the prosecution 's case , is there any chance Bo could be in the 0.1 % of Chinese suspects not convicted at trial ? Li : Of course he will be convicted , otherwise it would be disastrous . But the sentencing now ca n't be very severe because of the nature of the charges and how poorly they 've conducted this trial . So there are difficulties for the prosecution unless there are dramatic twists and turns in the following days . I think certainly the sentencing wo n't be the death penalty , probably not even the death penalty commuted to life . The worst is probably the life sentence , and the most lenient probably 15 years .	China expert Cheng Li : Bo Xilai trial takes number of surprising turns Chinese politician has rejected allegations , prosecution has performed poorly Bo appeared "  clear , focused , articulate and eloquent , " Li said Trial is expected to take two days with sentencing due in September
CNN  Three more babies who attended a Chicago-area day care center are confirmed to have the measles , bringing the number of infant measles patients linked to the business to five , the Cook County Department of Public Health said Saturday . Health officials had said earlier in the week that two children under age 1 who attended the KinderCare Learning Center in Palatine , Illinois , tested positive for the measles , and tests for the three others had been pending . Officials are n't sure whether the cases are linked to a multistate outbreak associated with Disneyland in California , the department said . At least two of the children were not vaccinated against measles , though that was to be expected given their ages , the department said . The MMR  measles , mumps , rubella  vaccine generally is not given to children under the age of 1 . Parents messages to anti-vaxxers One other measles case has been reported in suburban Cook County ; it is n't clear if that case is connected to the Palatine cases . Since January 1 , at least 110 confirmed measles cases have been reported in 16 states and the District of Columbia , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and health departments in four of those states . That 's a notable number for the nation in five weeks , given that the country 's number of 2014 cases -- 644 -- was the highest in one year since 2000 , when measles was declared to be effectively eliminated in the United States . California has reported 103 cases since mid-December -- dozens of which are not counted in the nationwide 2015 total since they were confirmed before New Year 's Day . Many of the California cases , 32 , are in Orange County , home to Disneyland , where an outbreak of the disease began . The first measles case in New Jersey this year has been confirmed in a 1-year-old baby , the state 's department of health said . No link has been found to the ongoing measles outbreak in California . The infant , who had not yet been vaccinated , has recovered . People who have not had the MMR  measles , mumps , rubella  vaccine were told this week to stay away from the Palatine day care center and from others who have not been vaccinated for 21 days . Infected people are contagious from four days before their rash begins through four days afterward . The day care center said that starting Monday , it will require all employees working in its infant rooms to be vaccinated against the measles -- an effort to prevent exposure to children who are too young to receive the vaccine . The center also said that received a deep cleaning after the first cases were reported . Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease . It causes fever , red and sore eyes , runny nose , cough and a rash . It can cause deadly health complications including pneumonia and encephalitis . Measles is spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing . It can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .	It 's not clear if these cases are linked to Disneyland outbreak Day care center to require staff in infant rooms to be vaccinated Since January 1 , at least 110 measles cases reported in 16 states and D.C.
CNN  -- On newspaper racks Tuesday , 9/11 was markedly absent from the front pages of the New York Times and the New York Post . "  The pain , the outrage , the loss -- these never fade , " wrote the Times public editor Margaret Sullivan . "  The amount of journalism , however , must . " On the 11th anniversary of a tragedy , some Americans arose not remembering . It was another day of making coffee , packing sandwiches for kids ' lunches , dropping off the dry cleaning before work . Memorial ceremonies , too , were fewer and simpler than in the past . It is natural for time to heal . Natural , too , for people to want to move on . But there was one place where the tragedy was hard to miss -- on social media . Honoring a son 's memory after 9/11 Twitter , Facebook , Google Plus and Instagram did not exist 11 years ago . 9/11 did not transpire in social media real time as many news events today do . But memories of that horrific day were kept alive Tuesday via smartphone , tablets and computers . Social media was a way for people to express their emotions when there were fewer physical ways to do so , said Robin Carey , CEO of Social Media Today . Maybe you were n't going to the local remembrance and hear the bells toll at 8:46 a.m. , the time American Airlines Flight 11 slammed into the North Tower . But you could get out your phone and tweet what you remembered about that moment . "  There 's a lot of trending now on Twitter which shows it 's a lot more durable than the media would believe at this point , " Carey said . Stars remember 9/11 on social media Among trending topics Tuesday were WTC , 11S , Remember911 , Iraq , New York City , R.I.P and Bush . "  If the public comments did not exist , then you would not have the same attention on 9/11 , " said Sanford Dickert , a social media technology expert . "  There are so many moments we have let go because in the mental consciousness of our society , sometimes we forget things , " he said . "  Social media provides the opportunity to find those issues you are concerned about . " The New York Police Department memorialized fallen officers through a Twitter campaign with the hashtag #neverforget . Each tweet linked to a poignant Facebook page about an officer . It was the social media version of a reading of names . Some people tweeted about where they were when they first got news about the attacks . @mikestuchbery : "  This time 11 years ago I was working on a presentation for a uni English course . It never happened . " Facebook users posted photos of how Lower Manhattan looked with the Twin Towers and how it looked Tuesday morning . Others posted sayings such as "  Never Forget , " and still others , their remembrances of people who perished that day . Even politicians took a break from the campaign to offer their remembrances on Twitter . President Barack Obama  @BarackObama  tweeted : "  As painful as this day is and always will be , it leaves us with the lesson that no act of terrorism can ever change what we stand for . " His rival , Mitt Romney  @MittRomney  , posted : "  In remembrance , let us recall what the flag symbolizes & the many who have sacrificed so that we may fly it proudly . " Politics muted on 9/11 anniversary There were Twitter and Facebook gasps at realizing it has already been 11 years and that some young soldiers fighting in Afghanistan were in second grade when the Twin Towers came crashing down . And expressions of patriotism . Former Marine Ray Graziano 's Instagram photo was a collage of three images -- a New York skyline with the burning World Trade Center , an American flag tacked to the inside of a transport aircraft in Afghanistan and of himself with an Afghan soldier in front of an Afghan flag . "  It shows we are here to better their country , even when our lives are on the line , " he said . "  That job was one of the worst jobs in the world , but we loved every second of it . " Jonathan Cofresi , who was born two months after the two planes flew into the World Trade Center towers , designed a T-shirt commemorating 9/11 . His older brother posted a photo of Jonathan 's work on Instagram . "  Throughout his elementary school years he was always informed and educated about 9/11 , " said the older brother , Luis Cofresi Jr. . Jonathan , he said , wanted to go beyond wearing the red , white and blue colors the school suggested . Son 's name missing from 9/11 memorial iReporter snaps poignant photo at memorial wall Brian Monahan , a sociology professor at Pennsylvania 's Marywood University , said social media helps Americans remember 9/11 in an anniversary year that is not a milestone 10th , 20th or 25th . It also provides ways to remember events other than the structured process of scheduled memorials , said Monahan , who has studied coverage of 9/11 . There was a proscribed way before of how to be solemn . The symbolism went through official channels . "  It was an informal process but it was structured , " he said . Social media takes all the barriers away . The conversation about 9/11 is also different now on Twitter and Facebook , especially after the killing of Osama bin Laden , Monahan said . "  There was only one way to talk about 9/11 and that was tragedy , ' Monahan said . "  But now it 's about core American values . " ESPN reporter Darren Rovell 's Tweet may have reflected a chunk of how Americans were feeling Tuesday . They had not forgotten . But 9/11 was 11 years ago and life does go on . Dan Rather : Media 's balancing act with terrorism "  This day will always serve as a reminder that life can be taken from you at any moment . Cherish every minute , " Rovell tweeted . The next tweet , an hour later , was about tennis sensation Andy Murray 's U.S. Open victory . CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Memorials are fewer and simpler than in the past But 9/11 topics trend on Twitter and Facebook , filled with photos and remembrances Social media gives people a way to express their emotions The NYPD even used Twitter and Facebook to remember their fallen
CNN  -- A lawyer who says he was defamed by his portrayal in "  The Wolf of Wall Street " is demanding the Oscar-nominated film be removed from theaters . Andrew Greene 's lawsuit is also asking for "  in excess of " $ 25 million in damages from the filmmakers , who he said made him look like "  a criminal , drug user , degenerate , depraved , and/or devoid of any morality or ethics . " The movie , which is up for five Academy Awards , was based on the 2007 memoir by Jordon Belfort , the founder of the over-the-counter securities brokerage . Greene , a lifelong friend of Belfort , served as the firm 's head of corporate finance in the 1990s . The federal lawsuit said it was "  readily apparent " that the character Nicky "  Rugrat " Koskoff , played by actor P.J. Byrne , was based on Greene . "  In one scene , Mr. Greene 's character is depicted shaving a woman 's head after Jordan Belfort 's character states the woman was offered $ 10,000 , " the complaint said . Another scene suggested that Greene 's character was arrested with a Swiss banker and that he arranged a meeting with the banker to help Belfort launder money , the suit said . "  Mr. Greene 's character is shown doing cocaine on company premises during business hours in another scene , " the suit said . "  The motion picture included other scenes depicting Mr. Greene 's character in a reckless and depraved manner , including more than one scene wherein his character is depicted having sexual relations with a prostitute . " Greene 's real-life nickname is "  Wigwam , " because he often wears a hairpiece , the complaint said . It criticizes the film for mocking his toupee in an "  egregiously offensive manner . " The movie has "  permanently damaged " Greene 's professional and personal reputation by portraying him as "  a criminal and drug user with misogynistic tendencies . " "  Mr. Greene will be permanently linked to the crimes and loathsome behavior portrayed by his likeness in the motion picture , despite never having been interviewed , questioned , charged , imprisoned , or even arrested for the illicit and despicable behavior shown in the motion picture , " the complaint said . Paramount Pictures did not immediately respond to CNN request for comment . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Andrew Greene 's lawsuit seeks more than $ 25 million damages from filmmakers Movies portrays Greene as "  a criminal , drug user , degenerate , " lawsuit says Suit criticizes the film for mocking Green 's toupee in an "  egregiously offensive manner " Complaint says it 's "  readily apparent " Nicky "  Rugrat " Koskoff is based on Greene
Washington  CNN  -- The speech President Barack Obama plans to deliver on his Middle East policy has not yet been written , said a senior administration official , but "  it will likely reference " the death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of U.S. Navy SEALs . When asked if the long-planned speech had now taken on greater significance , the official acknowledged that getting bin Laden did offer "  a new al Qaeda narrative . " Another senior administration official said the president is likely to make the point that "  popular movements in the region demanding greater freedom and opportunity represent a thorough rejection of the message of al-Qaeda and bin Laden . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the first to make mention of the speech last month . At Wednesday 's press briefing , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the president would deliver the speech "  in the relatively near future . " Another top aide told CNN "  it could happen before the Europe trip . " Obama is scheduled to depart May 22 on a six-day trip to Poland , Ireland , England and France . Unlike his Cairo speech in June 2009 that focused on winning the hearts and minds of the Muslim world , this one is expected to deal with regional flashpoints -- from the anti-government uprisings across the Middle East and North Africa to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . "  I think it 's a speech to a broader audience than just the Arab world , " Carney said .	Middle East talk could happen before May 22 trip , official says It 's likely to say regional protests represent al Qaeda rejection , official says Audience for speech is broader than Arab world
CNN  -- Gas prices have jumped nearly 7 cents a gallon over the past two weeks , reaching a level more than 75 cents higher than they were a year ago , according to a survey published Sunday . The average price for a gallon of self-serve regular is $ 3.57 , the Lundberg Survey found . That 's 6.65 cents higher than the price the same survey found two weeks earlier . The latest spike suggests that the dramatic price increases are slowing down , said publisher Trilby Lundberg . Between February 18 and March 4 , the survey had found an increase of about 33 cents . That hike corresponded to an increase in crude oil prices amid unrest in more than a dozen countries in the Middle East and north Africa , six of which are OPEC members , Lundberg said . The new jump in prices at the pump comes despite a drop in crude oil prices over the past two weeks . Lundberg described that as "  follow-through " from the previous spike in oil prices . The survey was taken Friday , before several countries began military action against Libya . It is too soon to know what impact events in Libya will have on gasoline prices , Lundberg said Sunday . The Lundberg Survey tabulates prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Of the cities included in the latest survey , the lowest average price was in Billings , Montana , at $ 3.27 a gallon . The highest was in San Francisco , California , at $ 3.97 . Here are the average prices in some other cities : -- Denver , Colorado - $ 3.29 -- Atlanta , Georgia - $ 3.49 -- Boston , Massachusetts - $ 3.54 -- Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - $ 3.56 -- Portland , Oregon - $ 3.64 -- Minneapolis , Minnesota - $ 3.52	Gas prices have jumped nearly 7 cents a gallon over the past two weeks The latest spike comes despite a drop in crude oil prices It is too soon to know how events in Libya will effect gas prices , survey publisher says
CNN  -- A bell tolled , ground zero fell silent . At 8:46 a.m. , hundreds who gathered at the site of the fallen World Trade Center towers paused in silence to mark the moment when American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into the north tower -- the opening salvo of a terrorist attack that brought down the iconic buildings , killed 2,977 people and launched more than a decade of war . Bagpipers broke the silence , and family members of victims of the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and the 2001 attack began a solemn reading of the names of those killed at the site . The 9/11 attack killed 2,753 people in New York , including 403 police and firefighters . The 1993 bombing killed six people . In Washington , President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and their wives also paused in silence outside the White House to commemorate the 9/11 victims . The Justice Department also held a moment of silence , Another moment of silence was held in New York at 9:03 a.m. , when the second jetliner , United Airlines Flight 175 , crashed into the World Trade Center 's south tower . And at the Pentagon , where American Airlines Flight 77 crashed at 9:37 a.m. on September 11 , Obama laid a wreath and then spoke at a private observance for family members of the 184 people who died there . "  Our hearts still ache for the futures snatched away , " he said . In southwestern Pennsylvania , where United Flight 93 crashed into a field near Shanksville , a bell tolled after the name of each of the passengers and crew members was read . Members of the crew of the USS Somerset rang the bells . The Navy named the ship in honor of Flight 93 passengers who fought back against their hijackers . Forty passengers and crew died when the plane went down . On the steps of the capitol , members of Congress also gathered to mark the occasion . It was the same place where lawmakers gathered 12 years before in the aftermath of the attacks to demonstrate unity . "  This moment is to pray for the families of the departed , and to ask God to renew our strength and replenish our grace , so that we may press on and serve without growing weary , and walk without growing faint towards that more perfect union of our founders dreams , " said House Speaker John Boehner . "  That is why we return to these steps today , that is why we will always return . And that is why we will never forget . "	NEW : "  We will never forget , " House Speaker Boehner says "  Our hearts still ache , " President Obama says at the Pentagon In New York , Washington and Pennsylvania , bells and moments of silence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan failed a court-ordered alcohol test last week , requiring her to go before a judge for a probation violation hearing Thursday morning , according to a source close to the case . Lohan 's failed test , which the source said happened on June 13 , comes while the actress is confined to her Venice Beach , California home because of a jail sentence imposed last month . The actress will appear before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner at 10 a.m. Thursday , the same judge who sentenced her to 120 days in jail after she pleaded guilty to stealing a necklace , a prosecution spokeswoman said Wednesday . Lohan was allowed to serve a reduce sentence at home because , as a non-violent offender , she qualified a home confinement program intended to reduce overcrowding . But it is not likely Judge Sautner has missed seeing media reports showing Lohan socializing on the roof of her luxury home in recent days . "  When my friends come over , they 're not drinking , " Lohan told an interviewer with Life & Style magazine . "  Alcohol is not in my house , so it 's just not a part of my life . " That interview was given on June 18 , five days after she failed test . The actress , who turns 25 on July 2 , has managed to avoid more than a few days in jail despite two drunk driving convictions , a long list of probation violations and the recent theft conviction . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Without the latest violation , it was expected she would be released from home confinement in early July . She would then resume her work on 480 hours of community service the judge imposed . Lohan entered drug rehab last year to avoid a jail sentence imposed by another judge , but Sautner made it clear in court last month that she did n't think drugs and alcohol were not the root of Lohan 's legal troubles . "  She 's got other problems for which she self-medicates , " Judge Sautner said . Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance abuse rehabilitation programs . A probation report released last month said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines . HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	NEW : Lohan failed a June 13th alcohol test , a source says NEW : "  Alcohol is not in my house , " she told a magazine last week The actress is already serving a sentence for stealing a necklace She must appear before the same judge who sentenced her to jail last month Lohan is on probation for two 2007 DUI convictions
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian intelligence agencies have arrested Yasin Bhatkal , one of the country 's most wanted terrorism suspects , Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said Thursday . Bhatkal is believed to be a co-founder of the Indian Mujahideen , a militant group banned in India and listed by the United States as a foreign terrorist organization . Intelligence officials arrested him Wednesday in the eastern state of Bihar , near India 's border with Nepal , Shinde said . "  He is currently under Bihar Police 's custody and is being interrogated , " he said . The U.S. State Department said in 2011 that the Indian Mujahideen has "  significant links to Pakistan " and is responsible for "  dozens of bomb attacks throughout India since 2005 " that have caused the deaths of hundreds of civilians . Bhatkal is wanted in relation to multiple bombings in Mumbai in July 2011 that killed 27 people in three busy marketplaces . Indian authorities suspect him of planning those attacks . He is accused of masterminding several other bombings , including one that hit a bakery in the city of Pune in 2010 , killing 17 people . His group has been linked to a series of deadly outbreaks of violence in India . The U.S. State Department says the Indian Mujahideen played a "  facilitative role " in the November 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , when coordinated attacks on hotels , hospitals , and railway stations left more than 160 people dead . The group is also responsible for 16 synchronized bombings in Ahmedabad in 2008 that left 38 people dead , according to the State Department . The Indian Mujahideen 's "  stated goal is to carry out terrorist actions against non-Muslims in furtherance of its ultimate objective -- an Islamic Caliphate across South Asia , " the State Department says . Journalist Neha Sharma reported from New Delhi , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Yasin Bhatkal is arrested near the border with Nepal , authorities say He is wanted in relation to a series of deadly bombings in India Bhatkal is believed to be a co-founder of the Indian Mujahideen , a banned militant group The United States says the group 's bomb attacks have killed hundreds of civilians
CNN  -- Minutes after the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was announced , scores of his fellow citizens made their way to El Arepazo , a Venezuelan restaurant outside Miami . The colors of the Venezuelan flag -- red , blue and yellow -- predominated among the crowd of about 200 people , many of whom cheered and waved tiny flags as they bellied up to a buffet stocked with "  pabellon criollo , " the traditional Venezuelan dish of rice , beans , shredded beef and stewed black beans . "  We should n't be partying , " said Ernesto Ackerman , a Chavez opponent and president of the Independent Venezuelan-American Citizens , a non-profit organization that helps Latinos become U.S. citizens . "  We 're only half of the country ; the other half still supports Chavez . We should be asking  for  democracy , democracy , democracy , constitution . This is a most critical moment . " Borger : U.S. open to ` more constructive relationship ' with Venezuela As he spoke , more people -- many of them wearing Venezuelan baseball caps -- entered the restaurant , which advertises itself as "  your little piece of Venezuela in Doral , " Florida . As Spanish-language television blared out the news , they sat down to plates piled with shredded gouda cheese , plantains and stuffed cornbread patties . Some took pictures to memorialize the moment . One elderly man clutched six tiny flags in his fist . In Washington , politicians reacted almost as quickly as the South Florida crowd . "  Hugo Chavez ruled Venezuela with an iron hand and his passing has left a political void that we hope will be filled peacefully and through a constitutional and democratic process , grounded in the Venezuelan constitution and adhering to the Inter-American Democratic Charter , " said Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Menendez called for "  free and fair elections " so that "  Venezuela can begin to restore its once robust democracy and ensure respect for the human , political and civil rights of its people . " The chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , was harsher , calling Chavez "  a tyrant who forced the people of Venezuela to live in fear " and adding , "  Good riddance to this dictator . " But the news was not red meat to all U.S. politicians . Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger Former President Jimmy Carter noted that he had gotten to know Chavez while observing elections in Venezuela . "  We came to know a man who expressed a vision to bring profound changes to his country to benefit especially those people who had felt neglected and marginalized , " he said in a statement . "  Although we have not agreed with all of the methods followed by his government , we have never doubted Hugo Chavez 's commitment to improving the lives of millions of his fellow countrymen . " He said that poverty rates were cut in half during Chavez 's time in office but also noted the divisions that were created in the drive toward change . "  His focus on the issues faced by the poor and disenfranchised in his country made him a truly revolutionary leader in the history of Latin America , " said Rep. Jose E. Serrano , D-New York . "  He understood that after 400 years on the outside of the established power structure looking in , it was time that the poor had a chance at seeing their problems and issues addressed . His core belief was in the dignity and common humanity of all people . " Serrano cited Chavez 's sale of home heating oil at discount prices to poor families in the Bronx as an example of the Venezuelan leader 's largesse . "  Though President Chavez was accused of many things , it is important to remember that he was democratically elected many times in elections that were declared free and fair by international monitors , " he said . "  Even today , people in North America seem unable to accept that Venezuelans had taken our admonitions to have democracy to heart and elected the leader of their choice . President Chavez carried out the programs that his constituents wanted enacted , and won re-election . This too was revolutionary in the history of Latin America . " Citizens Energy Chairman Joseph P. Kennedy II lauded the same program . Chavez used force of personality to win votes , influence leaders "  President Chavez cared deeply about the poor of Venezuela and other nations around the world and their abject lack of even basic necessities , while some of the wealthiest people on our planet have more money than they can ever reasonably expect to spend , " he said in a statement . "  There are close to 2 million people in the United States who received free heating assistance , thanks to President Chavez 's leadership . Our prayers go out to President Chavez 's family , the people of Venezuela , and all who were warmed by his generosity . " Human Rights Watch criticized Chavez 's 1999-2013 presidency , saying it was "  characterized by a dramatic concentration of power and open disregard for basic human rights guarantees . " The rights group said Chavez enacted a constitution "  with ample human rights protections in 1999 " but began to amass and centralize power after surviving a coup d'etat in 2002 . He grabbed control of the Supreme Court and limited the ability of journalists to report freely , it said . "  By his second full term in office , the concentration of power and erosion of human rights protections had given the government free rein to intimidate , censor , and prosecute Venezuelans who criticized the president or thwarted his political agenda , " HRW said . But Sean Penn mourned Chavez 's death . "  Today the United States lost a friend it never knew it had , " the actor and activist said in a statement . "  And poor people around the world lost a champion . I lost a friend I was blessed to have . " iReport : Share your reactions CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report from Doral , Florida	"  We should n't be partying , " says Chavez opponent in South Florida "  Chavez ruled Venezuela with an iron hand , " says Sen. Menendez "  Good riddance to this dictator , " says Rep. Ed Royce Chavez sought to help "  people who had felt neglected and marginalized , " says Jimmy Carter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will deliver a speech June 4 in Egypt on America 's relationship with the Muslim world , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs announced Friday . President Obama will travel to Egypt next month to address U.S. relations with the Muslim world . Egypt is "  a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world , " Gibbs said . He deflected several questions at his daily briefing about whether Egypt is a wise choice , given President Hosni Mubarak 's resistance to making his government more democratic . Obama originally promised to deliver the speech during his first 100 days , but senior administration officials say the date slipped in part because of security and logistical issues . The officials stressed , however , that the Secret Service still has deep security concerns , given the continued tumult in the Mideast . Obama chose Turkey , a more secular state , as the site of his first presidential speech to a Muslim majority nation , on April 6 . He told the Turkish legislature in Ankara that the "  United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Obama will follow his visit to Egypt with a trip to the remains of the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany on June 5 . He is then scheduled to take part in ceremonies commemorating the 65th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy , France . CNN Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	President Obama travels to Egypt , Germany , France in June He gave historic speech to Turkish parliament in April Spokesman : Egypt "  in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world "
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has unveiled an iPhone app called Operation Predator that asks the public for help in gathering information on suspected child sexual predators , including those who are fugitives . The new app , created in conjunction with Homeland Security Investigations ' Cyber Crime Center , lets users submit a tip by phone or by filling out a tip form in the app . All tips can be submitted anonymously . People with information about suspects can also submit tips online or by calling 866 347-2423 . The app includes photos of fugitives and asks for help in trying to find suspected child predators for criminal prosecution . Under the alerts section there are images and names of people who are wanted for crimes such as possession of child pornography . Unidentified suspects are listed as "  John Doe " and the public is asked to help identify them from available photos . There also is an option to share these profiles on Twitter or Facebook to help spread the word . Free speech activists oppose Iceland 's proposed online pornography ban An urgent case currently tops the app 's feed . A "  John Doe " is wanted for producing child pornography that involved the sexual abuse of a girl between 10 and 12 years old . "  These investigations are one of our highest priorities , and in today 's world , we need to be technologically savvy and innovative in our approach , " said ICE Acting Director John Sandweg in a statement announcing the app . A news section has updates on recent cases involving sexual predators , including the ICE 's various projects and sentencing for captured criminals . The app can be set up to send you push alerts on the latest wanted suspects . ICE announced the new app at a news conference in Miami on Thursday morning . At this time , the app is only available in the Apple App Store , but the agency plans to bring it to other devices in the future . Police : Florida man linked to up to 1 million child porn videos , images	A new iPhone app asks the public for help in finding suspected child sexual predators The app lets users submit a tip by phone or by filling out a tip form It was released by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Authorities have identified the man who opened fire at Fort Hood in Texas on Wednesday , killing three people before committing suicide , as Specialist Ivan Lopez . Sixteen more people were injured Wednesday when he opened fire at Fort Hood , the sprawling Army post in Texas still on edge after a mass shooting there left 13 dead in 2009 , officials said . The gunman also died . He was engaged by military police before he fatally shot himself in the head , said the Army post 's commander , Lt. Gen. Mark A. Milley . The suspect , a soldier who had served in Iraq , "  had behavioral health and mental health " issues , Milley told reporters late Wednesday . The general said there was no known motive for the shooting . "  There is no indication that this incident is related to terrorism , although we are not ruling anything out , " he said . The initial report is the incident started as a soldier-on-soldier attack , law enforcement sources told CNN . Scott & White Hospital in Temple , Texas , was treating eight patients with another expected to arrive shortly , said Dr. Glen Couchman , the chief medical officer . Three patients were in critical condition , while "  the remaining are all seriously injured , " he said . Other patients were taken to Darnall Army Medical Center , not far from the Medical Brigade building where the shooting occurred , according a soldier who lives nearby and spoke on the condition of anonymity . The suspected shooter was wearing combat fatigues , said a U.S. official briefed on the shooting . He was armed with a .45 - caliber Smith & Wesson handgun that he purchased recently , said Milley . President Barack Obama was briefed and said Wednesday evening "  we 're heartbroken something like this might have happened again . " He was referring to the November 2009 massacre . "  I want to just assure all of us we are going to get to the bottom of exactly what happened , " the President said . While aboard Air Force One , Obama received an update from top defense and FBI leaders about Wednesday 's shooting at Fort Hood , the White House said in a statement . He commended "  military personnel , first responders , and medical staff who responded swiftly and heroically to the horrific shooting . " The President also called for "  his team to utilize every resource available to fully investigate the shooting . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel also was monitoring the situation . He described what happened as a "  terrible tragedy . " Earlier , Fort Hood 's official Twitter feed asked that all personnel on post shelter in place . Sheriff 's deputies from Bell County and state troopers assisted by securing the area around the post , according to Bell County Sheriff 's Lt. Donnie Adams . Authorities in the town of Killeen , just outside the gates , were also standing by to help . "  We are very concerned . Fort Hood is always there for us and we want to be there for them , " said Killeen Mayor Dan Corbin . He continued : "  They are used to dealing with combat situations , and I 'm sure they are very capable of handling this . " The lockdown was lifted just prior to 9 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  , military personnel at the front gate told CNN . On November 5 , 2009 , Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan opened fire at Fort Hood , killing 13 people and injuring 32 . He shot fellow soldiers at the processing center . Prosecutors maintained that the American-born Muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre . Hasan allegedly picked that day because it was when the units he was scheduled to deploy with to Afghanistan were scheduled to go through the processing center . The former Army psychiatrist was convicted of premeditated murder , and a military jury recommended that Hasan be put to death . Wednesday 's shooting reminded many in the central Texas community of that incident . "  Today , Ft. Hood was once again stricken by tragedy . As Texans , our first priority must be caring for the victims and their families . Ft. Hood has proven its resilience before , and will again . Texas will support those efforts in any way we can , with any resources necessary , " said Gov. Rick Perry . U.S. Sen. John Cornyn said in a statement that no community should have to experience such violence once , let alone twice . "  Tonight , Texans ' hearts are once again very heavy . The scenes coming from Fort Hood today are sadly too familiar and still too fresh in our memories , " he said . According to the Fort Hood website , the post is one of the largest in the world with 45,414 assigned soldiers and 8,900 civilian employees . The installation , which encompasses 214,000 acres , is home to two divisions -- the Army 's 1st Cavalry and the 4th Infantry  Mechanized  . There are 12 other units attached or based there .	16 other people were injured at the Army installation The suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound The soldier had mental health issues , an official says Incident may have started as a soldier-on-soldier attack , sources say
Durham , North Carolina  CNN  -- The earthquake of 2010 is not the first one of this magnitude in Chile 's long , traumatic history . Almost 50 years ago , I was watching a soccer match in the National Stadium in Chile 's capital when , seconds after a gigantic rumble from under the ground terrified the 60,000 fans attending the game , the mountains suddenly disappeared . I am not exaggerating : The stadium was rocked like a cradle and rose in the air , blotting out my view of the Andes , and then , fortunately for all of us , settled back to stability . We had just been through what is still considered , at 9.6 on the Richter scale , the greatest seismic activity ever recorded . We soon learned that the epicenter had been more than 400 miles south of Santiago and that the devastation was massive . On top of the quake itself , which had flattened towns and killed thousands , a tsunami had swept our coast , causing even more havoc . A few months later , when I traveled to that region , I saw for myself the masts of large sunken ships in the Valdivia River many miles inland , and the remains of colossal iron-smelting ovens in Corral that had been twisted beyond recognition by the rush of the invading waters . The human toll was unbearable . From the survivors , I heard of men , women , children heading for the hills and being sucked out to sea as if they were driftwood . I remember all this now so many decades later as I watch , this time from afar , this time from the safety of my home in the United States , yet another ruinous earthquake destroy my country . I remember el gran terremoto de 1960 to offer myself some sort of historical perspective on the recent earthquake , offer myself some trembling ground , so to speak , beneath my feet , as I try to come to terms with the possible meaning of what has just happened . It is obscene to compare cataclysms as if they were contestants in a horror show -- this one cost so many billions , that one cost so many lives -- and yet , to measure what has changed in Chile between these two major disasters in the intervening half century may help us to answer what is , after all , the most urgent question of the moment : What lies ahead ? Chile is today a far more prosperous country than it was 50 years ago . Its economy is considered the most dynamic and advanced in all of Latin America -- even though still ravaged now by a grossly unfair distribution of income . This relative affluence of Chile  the GDP today is 15 times more than in 1960 !  leaves us better equipped to deal with our current catastrophe , as we have human and scientific resources that we could scarcely have dreamt of back then , to the point that our wonderful outgoing president , Michele Bachelet , initially informed the international community that the country would not require foreign assistance  she has since modified that stance and aid from abroad is starting to arrive  . Paradoxically , however , Chile 's advances in technology , its abundance of material goods , its many highways and bypasses , its enormous fleet of planes and cars and high-rises , leaves much more of the land and many more of its citizens open to distress , and makes the economy more vulnerable . The richer you are , the harder your potential fall . The more roads you have , the more cracks in the pavement . This wealth , furthermore , has not been accumulated without severe social consequences . Back in 1960 , the whole nation came together to rebuild the country . I spent the month after the earthquake , like many university students , collecting money , food , blankets and mattresses that were sent down to the south in caravans filled with enthusiastic volunteers . It was a lesson in solidarity that I have never forgotten -- those who were most deprived gave so much , cared so much , sacrificed so much for their wounded compatriots . If Chile is more opulent now , it has also become a more egocentric and individualistic society where , instead of a vision of social justice for all , the citizenry is , for the most part , engaged in a frenzied race toward ever more consumption and subject , of course , to the accompanying stress and anomie . Like all major misfortunes , the current tragedy of Chile can be seen as a test , a chance to ask ourselves who we really are , what really matters as we rebuild , not only our wrecked hospitals and broken roads and fractured bodies , but our damaged identity . I believe that the deepest wells of that solidarity and fellowship I witnessed when the earthquake of 1960 reduced my land to rubble is still inside most of the people of Chile , and will constitute the main source of our efforts to lift our country up from its desolation , the reason why we may be able to once again prevail , as so many times in the past , against the forces of blind nature . Fifty years ago , the people of Chile found a way to survive all that death and destruction and I can only hope that this time we can painfully , painstakingly , even joyfully , do it again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ariel Dorfman .	In 1960 , an earthquake shook Chile , the most powerful one ever recorded Ariel Dorfman recalls that the quake brought Chile 's people together to rebuild He says the society has become much more prosperous and individualistic Dorfman says nation 's "  deepest wells " of solidarity , fellowship can help it rebuild again
CNN  -- The Middle East is currently the setting of a new form of airspace race . As the economies grow in a handful of countries in the region , so too do ambitions -- and few things symbolize a country 's aspirations as aptly as an airport . It 's no wonder , then , that Abu Dhabi , Dubai , Doha , Istanbul and Riyadh are each vying to throw up the biggest and grandest transportation hub in the region . "  The Middle East likes to use words like ` iconic ' and ` world class , ' " says Anthony Mosellie , a managing principal at Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates , the architecture firm in charge of the Abu Dhabi Midfield Terminal Complex design . The total airport expansion for Abu Dhabi , which is slated for completion in 2017 , will clock in at $ 6.8 billion  Delta 's $ 1.4 billion JFK upgrade pales in comparison  . Though this sounds like a hefty sum , Mosellie notes that per-square foot , it 's pretty reasonable . It just happens that the new complex will take up seven million square feet -- just a little larger than the Pentagon . It will also alter the Abu Dhabi skyline . "  It might be the tallest terminal building in the world , " he notes . The new airports are already battling for superlatives . Doha 's impending Hamad International Airport will house the world 's second longest runway , while Istanbul and Dubai are competing for the title of world 's largest airport . Fittingly , all are implementing state-of-the-art facilities -- be it specially designed runways or tiered bridges -- to accommodate the Airbus A380 -- the world 's largest passenger aircraft . Read more : Google goes inside the Airbus A380 To a degree , these looming hubs are also meant to be a showcase for the city beyond the passport controls . Retail , five-star hotels and landscaping are as much a part of the designs as customs and security features . The Abu Dhabi terminal , for instance , will also house a museum to pique interest in the city 's impending Louvre and Guggenheim additions . "  A number of passengers may not make it to Abu Dhabi , because they 're only connecting . The plan is to use the airport to introduce them so they can come back on subsequent visits , " says Mosellie . Perhaps more telling than the various design features are the airports ' planned capacities ; combined , they will ultimately accommodate 450 million passengers a year -- a significant jump from the 140 million that currently make their way through the region . "  When you add the numbers together , it feels over the top . It seems it will be quite difficult for them to reach their aspirations when you view them in a cluster , " says Rend Stephan , partner and managing director of The Boston Consulting Group . Still , Rend expresses doubts that any of the proposed airports will flounder . "  Maybe they wo n't fill capacity in the next five years , but I do n't think any of the airports will collapse . The whole region has adopted an ` if-you-build-it-they-will-come ' strategy . When you 're advanced structurally , that strategy can work . " The airports are part of a wider expansion scheme across the region . Increased airport activity also means increased landing fees and duty-free revenues . In Dubai , aviation already accounts for 28 % of the city 's GDP -- a figure that 's expected to grow to 35 % once the new airport is fully operational . "  This is a country that sees the value of aviation and embraces it , " says Lorne Riley , head of corporate communications at Dubai Airports . Read more : Inside Dubai 's A380 concourse Since its inception , Dubai International has seen its passenger numbers grow an average of 15 % per year  roughly three times the global average  . This year , it surpassed Charles de Gaulle in terms of international passenger traffic , making it the second busiest airport in the world . As a result , Riley is not worried they 're overreaching with their plans . "  We 're not overextended ... yet . While it 's not an issue now , it could become an issue in the 2020s when we max out our capacity , which is 74 million . By the end of the year , we should reach 66 million , " says Riley . While Stephan thinks some of the airports might have to "  adjust their aspirations , " he thinks each holds its own advantage . In particular , he predicts tremendous growth for the projected Istanbul New Airport , which is aiming for a yearly capacity of 150 million . "  Istanbul is growing . They are capturing a market share from European carriers , and compared to the GCC countries , they have a strong domestic market . Will they hit the exact numbers they talk about ? Who knows ? But they are quite strong , and I have no doubt this will continue into the foreseeable future , " he says . Of greater concern , perhaps , is the limited amount of airspace available when all airports are up and running . Riley admits that there wo n't be room for two Dubai airports . "  You probably could n't operate two airports of that size at full capacity so close to each other because of air traffic . Airspace is a finite thing , " he says . What will ultimately happen to Dubai International , though , remains to be seen . "  We do n't have a firm answer on that right now , " Riley admits . "  Right now , the master plan is being looked at and fine tuned . "	Dubai , Abu Dhabi , Doha , Istanbul and Riyadh are all upgrading their main transport hubs . There is pressure in the region to build the most ` iconic ' airport . The combined capacity in the region will number 450 million -- three times current traffic . Istanbul and Dubai are both claiming their airports will be the world 's biggest .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The doctor at the center of an investigation into patients ' deaths after Hurricane Katrina said everyone must remember the "  magnitude of human suffering " after the storm to ensure that no health care worker is ever "  falsely accused in a rush to judgment . " Dr. Anna Pou said Tuesday she hopes to return to work doing what she "  loves to do best . " "  Today 's events are not a triumph , but a moment of remembrance for those who lost their lives in the storm and a tribute to all of those who stayed at their posts and served people most in need , " Dr. Anna Pou said after a grand jury decided Tuesday not to pursue criminal charges against her . Pou and two nurses -- Cheri Landry and Lori Budo -- were arrested in July 2006 after a 10-month investigation into the deaths at New Orleans ' Memorial Medical Center . Pou 's lawyer , Rick Simmons , said she and her patients were "  abandoned " by all levels of government . "  The certificates of death in these individual patients should read ` abandoned by their government . ' That 's what happened here , " he said . Pou said she hopes to return to work doing what she "  loves to do best . " She fought back tears as she thanked those who have stood by her during the past 23 "  challenging and painful " months . Louisiana Attorney General Charles C. Foti charged the doctor and two nurses with second-degree murder . Landry and Budo were recently given immunity in exchange for their grand jury testimony . Watch what led up to grand jury 's decision " Pou , Landry and Budo denied the charges , and their attorneys have said they acted heroically , staying to treat patients rather than evacuate . Foti accused the three of involvement in as many as nine deaths at the hospital . The investigation concluded that patients were given a "  lethal cocktail " of morphine and midazolam hydrochloride , both central nervous system depressants , he said . None of the patients had been prescribed the drugs by their caregivers , and none of the accused treated them before the injections , Foti said . "  This was not euthanasia , " Foti said at a news conference last summer . "  This was homicide . " Foti said he turned his findings over to Orleans Parish District Attorney Eddie Jordan , who was required by law either to file charges or reject the case . Instead , Jordan impaneled a grand jury and vowed to let it decide what charges , if any , should be sought . Jordan also directed New Orleans Coroner Frank Minyard to hire outside forensic experts to review the case . On Tuesday , Foti acknowledged that "  in our system , justice has been served . The grand jury has made its decision . ... I 'm not here to second-guess what the court says . " But he noted that none of the alleged victims ' relatives and none of five medical experts who independently concluded the deaths were homicides were called to testify before the grand jury . Asked her feelings about Foti , Pou said , "  I 'm really putting Mr. Foti in God 's hands , " adding that she continues to pray for the ability to forgive him . CNN first reported the allegations of euthanasia months after Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast and triggered flooding in New Orleans two years ago . Patients , staff and their families rode out Katrina . But four days after the hurricane hit , despair was setting in . The hospital was surrounded by floodwater . There was no power or water , and the heat was stifling . Food was running low , and nurses were forced to fan patients by hand . Simmons said Pou is still facing lawsuits filed by relatives of three of the patients who died . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Prosecutor : "  Justice has been served . ... I 'm not here to second-guess " Lawyer says Dr. Anna Pou , patients were "  abandoned by their government " Pou was accused of killing patients in the chaos after Hurricane Katrina Two nurses arrested in same case had charges dropped earlier
CNN  -- Checking the weather display for our departure from JFK Airport in New York to London 's Heathrow Airport , an awkward blob of green , yellow , and red is sprawled diagonally across most of the New England coastline . Studying the computer in Operations , the routing filed with ATC  air traffic control  appears to navigate through the least intense area of a very wide storm system . I pick up the company phone , taking a rare opportunity to consult with our dispatcher located in a central location at our main hub almost 1,400 miles away . On most occasions , through our collaborative efforts , the dispatcher and I agree to the planning of the flight by electronic means . This day is different . On this day I require the verbal communication of a trusted professional who has more resources available to assist in our flight planning . In light of the now-lifted FAA ban on flights into Israel 's Ben Gurion Airport , it seems that the resources available will have to include intelligence on airborne hostile activity . But let 's be honest , why did the FAA exercise their authority in the first place ? Israel has been the center of conflict since its birth in 1948 , with the airport having been in existence even before that time . The answer for the FAA 's decision had to lay in what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . I think we all get it . So what ? One rocket is launched from Gaza and lands within a mile of Ben Gurion Airport . Big deal . The Israelis said , "  What 's one missile when we have the Iron Dome ? It 's just another day in Tel Aviv for us . C'mon back . " Many flights soar over conflict zones Well , one mile from the airport and one little ole rocket may not seem like much , but our arrivals to a runway begin at least 10 miles away . And our lumbering airliners are the most vulnerable in the approach phase , notwithstanding the initial takeoff phase of our flights . Airline pilots are paid to be paranoid . I 've never flown with a colleague whom I considered too cautious . That being said , U.S. airline pilots understand the concept of mitigating risk . Not everything we do as humans is completely safe . But Israel 's El Al airplanes have a little more risk mitigation in their arena . The robust Israeli airline has missile detection and defense systems installed . Most of these systems are designed to automatically thwart an attack from shoulder-launched weapons and low altitude threats . A similar system was proposed a couple of years after 9/11 for U.S. airlines but the costs were deemed to outweigh the potential risk . My airline went so far as to have the test hardware installed in three of our Boeing 767s . The technology was designed to defend against MANPADs -- a weapon considered to be the next terrorist threat . A cause for concern was that once the system was installed , the potential existed for it to be defeated by newer weapon technology . But now that it seems the FAA has set an arbitrary standard for safety of flights into areas of conflict what exactly is the criteria ? How can yesterday be unsafe but today is all clear ? Should missile launch frequency and distance from the airport be calculated via an algorithm ? Should the type of warhead be considered ? If there is to be a standard , the requirement to have it disseminated for airlines and their flight crews is a must . The Israelis have obviously set their own standards . I ca n't think of an area on the globe that is more focused on security than Tel Aviv . In that regard , should the criteria to halt flights be different for Ben Gurion Airport than it is for Cairo International Airport ? Because of our military , U.S. airspace is full of activity involving more live ordnance than anywhere in the world . Airspace that is off-limits to civilian flights dot the entire country . Our military is practicing war tactics in these areas both on the ground and in the air . One does not stray into restricted airspace that is "  hot " without authorization from ATC even if it is required for a weather deviation . A tense week for air travelers I can guarantee that until the horror of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , the furthest concept from an airline pilot 's mind when it came to threats was a missile attack â $ " and certainly not a missile attack at cruise altitude . But if this is a new day , then airlines and their pilots need to be provided with the tools to make safe routing decisions around areas of conflict . These tools will have to include appropriate intelligence . If airline pilots can be trusted with intelligence information after 9/11 but still ca n't take gels and liquids through airport security , something has to change . And now , as crazy as it seems , in 30 years of flying for my airline , my dispatcher and I have to incorporate missile threats into pre-flight planning . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Les Abend says a commercial pilot 's pre-flight checklist just got much more complicated The FAA has lifted restrictions on landing and taking off in Tel Aviv Worrying about whether rockets are flying near airports makes a tough task more difficult U.S. airspace is also full of activity involving live ordinance , due to military training
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Prince Charles visited the Vatican on Monday for his first meeting with a pope since his 1996 divorce from Princess Diana . Pope Benedict XVI is flanked by Prince Charles and his wife Camilla during their meeting at the Vatican . The heir to the UK throne was accompanied by his second wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , who wore the mandatory modest black dress and veil which the Vatican requires for wives of dignitaries who meet the pope . The 20-minute meeting was "  cordial , " the Vatican said in a statement afterwards . Prince Charles 's accession to the throne was likely to be an unspoken subtext of the meeting , an expert on the prince told CNN . "  The biggest thing on Prince Charles 's agenda is the preparation for his coronation , " said Christopher Wilson , author of "  The Windsor Knot : Charles , Camilla and the Legacy of Diana . " Charles would like the pope to attend personally , unlikely as that may be , given the religious divide between London and Rome , Wilson said . "  He will expect a high-profile Roman Catholic presence in Westminster Abbey , " where he will be crowned , Wilson argued . "  The combined heads of state come from everywhere . Every democratically elected head of state will be invited . It bigs up your coronation if you can get the highest Roman Catholic to come . " The meeting between prince and pope came days after the 500th anniversary of the crowning of Henry VIII , the English king who broke with the Roman Catholic Church and established the Church of England because he wanted to divorce . It was Prince Charles 's first visit to the Vatican since he went to the funeral of Pope John Paul II four years ago , and his first meeting with a head of the Roman Catholic Church since 1985 . There are multiple factors complicating his relationship with the Vatican , Wilson pointed out . Not only is he divorced , which the Roman Catholic Church disapproves of , but so is Camilla -- and her children are being raised as Catholics because their father is one . A centuries-old British law forbids Catholics or their spouses from holding the throne . The Prince of Wales "  is trying to break down the breach between the Vatican and the House of Windsor , " Wilson said . "  It 's a path-smoothing exercise . " Additionally , he said : "  Prince Charles likes very much to be photographed with heads of state . He 's not the head of state himself . It adds luster to his royal presence . " Charles and the pope were expected to discuss issues such as interfaith dialogue and climate change -- subjects to which Prince Charles has devoted himself . The pair exchanged gifts . Benedict gave Charles a gold pontifical medal and an antique engraved copper plate of St. Peter 's Basilica dating from the 16th century . Charles gave Benedict a set of 12 porcelain plates with floral design of the plants and flowers that grow at his country estate in Gloucestershire . Afterwards , Prince Charles met Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarciso Bertone and Vatican foreign affairs minister Archbishop Dominique Mamberti , while Camilla received a private tour of the Sistine Chapel . Charles and Camilla are on a tour of Italy and Germany at the request of Britain 's Foreign Office , Clarence House said . The European Union director of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , Matthew Rycroft , cited "  the prince 's personal passion and personal engagement over the years on the issue of climate change " as a major reason for the trip , a Clarence House statement said .	UK 's Prince Charles meets pope for first time since divorce from Princess Diana Heir to UK throne was accompanied by 2nd wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall Charles 's first visit to Vatican since he attended funeral of Pope John Paul II
CNN  -- Flavio Briatore has successfully appealed against his lifetime ban from Formula One for his part in a race-fixing conspiracy at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix , CNN confirmed Tuesday . Former Renault team boss Briatore was handed the ban last September by the World Motor Sport Council following an enquiry ordered by governing body , the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  . It ruled that Briatore and his chief engineer Pat Symonds , who was given a five-year ban , ordered Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. to deliberately crash his car to help his teammate Fernando Alonso to win F1 's first-ever night race in Singapore . Blog : Court ruling sets dangerous precedent . But both men have had their suspensions quashed by the French high court sitting in Paris . The pair were also seeking substantial damages against the FIA of $ 1.5 million , but they have been awarded $ 15,000  $ 21,630  and $ 5,000  $ 7,220  respectively . The court gave the FIA 15 days to pay Briatore and Symonds , otherwise it will be given a penalty of $ 10,000  $ 14,420  per day . The FIA has yet announce whether it will appeal the ruling . The court said that it had not annulled the decision by the World Motor Sport Council , but ruled it to be "  irregular " and non-effective due to Mosley 's level of involvement , the UK Press Assocation reported . "  The decision of the World Council was presided over by the FIA president , who was well-known to be in conflict with Briatore , with Mr Mosley having played a leading role in launching the inquiry and its investigation in violation of the principle of separation of the power of the bodies , " its judgment said . The 59-year-old Briatore said "  justice has been done " , the Press Association reported . "  As a sports person and one passionately involved in car racing for more than 20 years , the decision to apply to the civil courts to contest a decision of the FIA was a difficult one for me to take , " the Italian said . "  The fact the World Motor Sport Council had been utilised to deal with a personal agenda aimed at pushing me out of the world of competition left me no other choice . "  The decision handed down today restores to me the dignity and freedom certain people had arbitrarily attempted to deprive me of . "  The court recognised all the criticisms I had formulated against the decision of the World Council were founded , by finding the FIA had rendered a decision it was not competent to pronounce , infringed its own articles of association , totally failed to respect my right to a fair defense and entrusted the tasks of investigation , prosecution and judgment to a principle player known by all to be hostile to me . " Briatore said he would "  enjoy this moment of happiness " before discussing whether he planned to return to F1 . The court decision came soon after Renault , handed a two-year suspended ban at the FIA hearing over the Singapore incident , announced that Frenchman Eric Bouillier had been appointed as Briatore 's replacement as team principal . The team is attempting to restore its reputation in the aftermath of the Singapore incident , which came to light after Piquet Jr. was sacked and then went public with his admission of involvement . Double world champion Alonso of Spain won the race -- the first for Renault in two years -- despite starting from 15th on the grid . Just two laps after Alonso came in early to take on more fuel , Piquet 's crash forced the deployment of the safety car and the subsequent pit stop of nearly all the other drivers -- an action that promoted Alonso to fifth from where he went on to secure victory .	Flavio Briatore successfully appeals against his life ban from F1 for his part in 2008 Singapore GP race fix conspiracy Ex-Renault boss Briatore was said to have ordered Nelson Piquet Jr. to deliberately crash The move helped Fernando Alonso of Spain claim the victory in F1 's first-ever night race Former Renault chief engineer Pat Symonds also has five-year ban quaushed by court
CNN  -- "  Jughead , do you want to be my best man ? " comic book character Archie asks on his blog . The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September . Archie Andrews -- who spent decades in high school , flirting with girl-next-door Betty Cooper and heiress-next-door Veronica Lodge -- is getting married . "  I am so excited , I am getting Married to Archie . There is so much to do , so many plans to make . I wonder if Betty wants to be my Maid of Honor ? I bet she is so happy for me ! " Veronica writes on her blog . Yup , Archie is marrying Veronica , breaking Betty 's heart . "  I am so sad , I do n't even know what to say , " Betty writes on her blog . Betty has months to dry her tears . The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September , according to publisher Archie Comic Publications  archiecomics.com  . "  It 's the milestone 600th issue and we 're serving up the Archie story of the century as Archie marries Veronica !!! " the publisher says on its Web site . "  The 32-page issue takes a look at Archie and his friends after they graduate college ! What careers will they seek ? Will the friends stay in Riverdale or disperse ? What would lead Archie to have marriage on his mind ? And who would he choose Veronica or Betty ? How will Betty react ? How will Veronica react ? Can Archie shake off his klutzy past and hold down a steady job ... for more than a month ? One thing is certain : this will be the biggest Archie Comics story ever ! " Archie might be in over his head . According to Veronica 's online profile , "  She is very conceited , usually fickle , and extremely flirtatious . " He went for the bad girl instead of Betty . Her online profile says , "  Through every crazy , loving scheme to win Archie 's love , Betty always remains completely unaffected , loyal and sweet . " Maybe Archie will come to his senses . His online profile says , "  He does things on the spur of the moment , which almost always gives him a very keen cause for regret . "	Comic book character Archie Andrews finally chooses between Betty and Veronica The fictional marriage marks the comic book 's milestone 600th issue Is Archie in over his head ? Fans must wait until August to find out
CNN  -- A mine exploded Monday on a road in southern Somalia , killing four people -- three members of the medical humanitarian group Medecins Sans Frontieres and a journalist . Ongoing violence in Somalia has devastated the capital Mogadishu . The incident occurred Monday along a road in Kismayo , the group said . Victor Okumu , 51 , a Kenyan doctor ; Damien Lehalle , 27 , a French logistician ; and a Somali driver named Billan were the MSF workers who were killed . Another member of the team was slightly wounded , the group said in a posting on its Web site . "  The exact circumstances of this fatal incident are not yet clear , " the posting said . Also killed was journalist Hassan Kafi Hared , 36 . The remote-controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in Siyad Village in northern Kismayu , said the National Union of Somali Journalists  NUSOJ  . He was working for the government-run Somali National News Agency and a Somali Web site called gedonet.com . He is survived by a wife and three children . "  This is a targeted attack and we declare that this brutal killing on the journalist and the aid workers is an attack on the society itself , " said NUSOJ Secretary General Omar Faruk Osman , in a news release . "  We demand that transitional government and the authorities in Kismayu to identify the culprits of this crime and bring them to justice " he said . The medical humanitarian organization said it was evacuating remaining international members of it staff from Kismayu . Hared is the second journalist to be killed this year , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . The first , 38-year-old Norwegian reporter Carsten Thomassen , died Jan. 15 in a suicide bomb attack in Kabul . In a written statement , a representative of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said he condemned the killings and "  demands a thorough investigation by the authorities . " E-mail to a friend	Journalist and two doctors were among those killed Remote-controlled mine went off in southern Somalia Somali driver also died in the attack Journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this year
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Kirsten Ott walked down the aisle in a white strapless gown with an embroidered bodice and cascading ruffles . Maria Palladino , dressed in a white suit , waited for her at the end of the aisle with a minister . Surrounded by their family and close friends , the women committed to each other for the rest of their lives . A beautiful reception followed . It had all the makings of a traditional wedding , but instead of calling themselves bride and groom , the couple used the terms bride and "  broom . " "  Broom is a combination of bride and groom , " said Kirsten , who took Maria 's last name when they wed. . The "  broom 's " cake was a giant crab , Maria 's favorite sea animal . "  It was gorgeous and realistic , " Kirsten said . "  It actually stole the show from the wedding cake itself . " Both were relieved the special day they had planned for so long finally arrived . Organizing a wedding can be challenging , what with finding the right photographer , the perfect cake , the prettiest flowers and , most importantly , the venue . It was even harder for Kirsten , because she had to find vendors who accepted same-sex marriage in Atlanta , Georgia , where the union is n't legally recognized . "  Our biggest obstacle was our fear , not knowing how we would be received by an industry so focused on heterosexuals getting married , " Kirsten said . "  We e-mailed a lot of vendors instead of calling them , because we did n't want to get our feelings hurt . There were a few that did n't write back . " Kirsten and Maria turned to wedding magazines for inspiration while planning their 2008 wedding . But Kirsten said something important was missing . "  There are tons of wedding magazines when you go into a wedding section at a bookstore , but we were n't in any of them . Not one single gay couple . It was disheartening . " Over time , the couple found vendors , like a photographer who had worked for a transgender couple and a gay-friendly wedding venue . Ironically , it was the Mary Gay House in Decatur , Georgia . "  We did a lot of research before we contacted most of our vendors , reached out to ... we knew about more of the gay-friendly companies in town or we would ask around . " Planning their wedding inspired the newlyweds to start their own wedding magazine geared toward engaged same-sex couples . Kirsten , a journalist , and Maria , a graphic designer , used their career backgrounds and personal experience to launch the online magazine Equally Wed. . "  We do the work for you , call or visit these locations and talk to the owners about how open they are to same-sex couples , no rejection . " The Palladinos discovered that more wedding vendors across the United States are now offering their services for two brides or two grooms . The magazine has a staff that spans the country . Employees find companies that cater to same-sex weddings and welcome couples to their honeymoon destinations . They list gay-friendly vendors that will make the cake , design the flowers or take pictures of the ceremony . Jeweler Rony Tennenbaum in New York designs wedding rings for same-sex couples . "  Most of the time they are opposite in the likes and tastes . One might be aggressive , rugged and one wants classier , " Tennenbaum said . Tennenbaum also said it 's important to break same-sex wedding stereotypes . "  It 's important not to make rings that a straight person might think a gay couple wants . Gay couples do n't need to wear triangles ... it 's not about symbols , it 's about signifying love . " Le Tux Shop in Atlanta tailors suits for women . Other shops design clothing for bridal parties made up of women who want to wear dresses or pants . "  That 's kind of why we wanted to do Equally Wed. -LSB- It -RSB- was to showcase normal gay weddings for anybody that 's planning their own . It helps to have a model to look at , -LSB- to -RSB- help you feel like what you 're doing is OK , " Kirsten said . Maria said most gay weddings are similar to straight weddings , but there might be a question about which bride will walk down the aisle or which groom will propose . "  Just some of the little things that come out in the details of planning . " Same-sex marriage is currently legal in five U.S. states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire -- and in the District of Columbia , while civil unions are permitted in New Jersey . Maria said , "  For us it does n't matter if we were doing it in Alabama or doing it in Massachusetts , we 're providing the fine details of a wedding day . " Kirsten said she believes even though same-sex marriage is n't recognized in most states , that does n't mean couples ca n't have a wedding . "  It 's a ceremony in front of your friends and family , committing to this other person for the rest of your life ... it does n't matter what sex you are or who , the sex or gender of the person you 're marrying . "	Couple worried about vendors ' reactions while planning their wedding They e-mailed instead of calling vendors to protect their own feelings Kirsten , a journalist , and Maria , a graphic designer , decided to start own magazine Equally Wed showcases gay weddings for anybody planning their own
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Fidel Castro has never been accused of wanting for opinions , but the former Cuban leader 's Tuesday commentary stumped many of his fellow citizens . The subject was not the bloodshed in Syria or the economic crisis in Europe , but yoga . Yoga ? "  Yoga does things with the human body that defy the imagination , " Castro wrote in a front-page editorial in the island 's state-run Granma newspaper . The 35-word ode to the Eastern art of meditation and stretching was the latest "  Reflection from Comrade Fidel , " a newspaper column dedicated to Castro 's musings that has appeared regularly since he stepped down from power in 2006 due to a mystery illness . Castro 's praising of yoga , which according to Granma , occurred at 2:40 p.m. on Monday , did not include whether Castro himself was a practitioner . The column was atypically short for the famously verbose former head of state . Opinion : Is Castro Cuban-American 's Hitler ? Since his illness , Castro 's "  Reflection " opinion pieces often have filled whole pages in the newspaper -- not a difficult task for a world leader who in his heyday spoke for hours without notes on a variety of subjects . But in recent weeks , Castro 's published opinions resemble microburst streams of consciousness more akin to a Twitter message than a formal treatise . "  He thought of himself as a wise man and , doubtless , he was . But he made a small mistake , " Castro wrote Friday about an apparent long-ago rift with former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping . "  Cuba has to be punished , " Castro wrote that Deng said . "  Our country never even pronounced his name . " Deng died in 1997 and it is not clear what punishment Castro referred to . Another "  Reflection " praised former East German leader Erich Honecker , who Castro wrote was the "  most revolutionary German I have known . " "  I had the privilege of observing his conduct , " Castro continued in the brief column . "  When he was paying bitterly for the debt contracted by the man who sold his soul to the devil for a few shots of vodka . " "  The man " selling his soul for vodka was not identified , sparking a debate among Cubans , some thinking Castro meant former Russian President Boris Yeltsin , a reputed lover of the beverage . Others argued he meant former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , whose reforms helped lead to the end of the Soviet empire and to vital economic aid from the USSR to Cuba . Raul Castro 's daughter endorses Obama For his Monday "  Reflection , " Castro switched topics from politics to farming , authoring a one-sentence endorsement of the moringa olefeira and mulberry plants for their nutritional benefits . The brief and sometimes cryptic "  Reflections " have also stirred debate in Miami , where Castro 's health is an oft-discussed topic among the city 's large Cuban-American community . Castro has not been seen publicly since March , when video was shown of him meeting with Pope Benedict XVI during the pontiff 's visit to Cuba . In the video , Castro appeared frail and had to be assisted while he walked . "  It may be that he is not coherent enough to write longer ` Reflections , ' " said professor Jaime Suchlicki of the University of Miami . "  But it 's clear even if Fidel Castro is no longer in the limelight , he is not ready to stop talking just yet . "	Since his illness , Castro has written regular "  Reflection " newspaper commentaries His topics have ranged from former leaders to plants Tuesday 's topic : Yoga "  Yoga does things with the human body that defy the imagination , " Castro wrote
CNN  -- Film director Roman Polanski has been released from custody in Switzerland and placed under house arrest , Swiss justice authorities said Friday . Polanski was released "  pending extradition " to the United States , the Swiss Department of Justice and Police said in a statement . Polanski faces a sex-offense charge from the 1970s that involves a girl who was 13 . He is under house arrest at his chalet in Gstaad , Switzerland , the department said . His house has been fitted with an electronic monitoring system that will trigger an alarm if Polanski leaves the premises or removes a bracelet that tracks his movements , the statement said . A judge ruled last week that Polanski could be freed -- under house arrest -- if he posted bail of 4.5 million Swiss francs  $ 4.5 million  . He was moved to an undisclosed location Thursday because of security concerns , Swiss federal police spokesman Falco Galli said . The Oscar-winning director was arrested in Switzerland in September on a U.S. arrest warrant stemming from a 1977 sex case . Polanski , 76 , pleaded guilty in August 1977 to having unlawful sex with a 13-year-old girl five months earlier . He was 43 at the time . Los Angeles , California , prosecutors dropped other charges in exchange for his guilty plea . But Polanski fled the United States before he was sentenced , after he learned that the judge might not go along with the short jail term he expected to get in exchange for his agreement to plead guilty . Polanski remained free , mostly living in France , before his arrest in Switzerland . Los Angeles authorities said they sought his arrest when they learned that he would be traveling to Switzerland for a film festival in September . The victim came forward long ago and made her identity public , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Samantha Geimer , now 45 and a married mother of three , called in January for the case to be tossed out . Polanski agreed to pay Geimer $ 500,000 to settle a damage claim she filed against him nearly 12 years after the crime , according to court papers released October 2 . Polanski still owed the money -- plus $ 100,000 in interest -- three years after the 1993 settlement , according to the documents . Geimer sought money for damages suffered when Polanski had sex with her . She claimed that Polanski plied her with alcohol and Quaaludes during a photo shoot at the Hollywood Hills home of actor Jack Nicholson . It 's not clear whether Polanski completed paying the debt to Geimer , although the court papers document efforts by her lawyers to garnish residuals and other payments owed to Polanski by the Screen Actors Guild , movie studios and other Hollywood businesses . Among Polanski 's film credits are "  The Pianist , " "  Chinatown , " "  Repulsion , " "  Rosemary 's Baby , " "  The Ninth Gate " and "  Tess . "	NEW : Roman Polanski 's house , ankle fitted with monitoring system Director under house arrest as he fights extradition to U.S. on sex charge In 1977 , Polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with 13-year-old girl He fled to Europe before sentencing ; victim wants case dropped
CNN  If there were an obvious takeaway for the 2016 hopefuls this year , it might as well have been the motto for the 1992 presidential campaign of Bill Clinton : "  It 's the economy , stupid . " So it is no wonder that many of Hillary Clinton 's touchstones on the campaign trail this year have come straight from her husband 's 1992 playbook -- at times almost verbatim -- a focus on rebuilding the middle class , addressing income inequality , and reviving the American promise that each generation should fare better than the last . The echoes of the early 1990s in Clinton 's speeches as she weighs a run for the presidency are no accident . In what amounted to her first major foray on the campaign trail in September at retiring Iowa Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin 's steak fry , she spoke of restoring "  the basic bargain of America " -- one her husband had proposed in the 1992 campaign -- that "  no matter who you are or where you come from , if you work hard and you play by the rules , you deserve the opportunity , the same opportunity as anyone else , to build a good life for yourself and your family . " Flash back to Bill Clinton 's speech in struggling Johnstown , Pa. , in April of 1992 . The American dream that he grew up with , Clinton said in a typical line from his stump speech , had been shattered for millions of Americans . "  The idea , " he said , "  that if you worked hard and played by the rules you 'd be rewarded , you 'd do a little better next year than you do last year , and your kids will do better than you -- that idea has been devastated . " If she runs for president , pundits will invariably argue for the next two years over whether a Hillary Clinton White House would look more like a third term of Barack Obama or Bill Clinton -- and Democrats face a difficult challenge holding on to the White House given that it often flips to the opposing party after eight years of one-party control . But when it comes to voter frustration and unease , Hillary Clinton may be on strikingly similar terrain to what she and her husband navigated in 1991 and 1992 . "  You just look at the statistics now and they really do match up with 1992 , " said Chris Lehane , a White House adviser to Bill Clinton in the 1990s . Given that the Clintons left the White House in the midst of an economic boom with unemployment at about 4 % , Lehane argues that there are only upsides for the former Secretary of State in associating herself with her husband 's tenure . "  She benefits enormously from connecting herself to that time period , but it also requires putting out a vision that matches with today 's challenges , " Lehane said . "  It really gets down to the basic idea of what needs to be in place in this day and age so that if you 're a middle class family , your kids are actually going to have the opportunity to do better than you . " Heading into 2016 , the economy has been steadily recovering with unemployment dropping below 6 % ; as Bill Clinton campaigned in 1991 , the economy was in a backward slide  unemployment rose from 6.8 % in 1991 to 7.5 %  . But the pessimism many Americans feel is eerily comparable to when Hillary Clinton first stepped out on the national stage . Only about 23 % of Americans said they were satisfied with the direction of the country in the 2014 Gallup survey , just a shade higher than what the polling firm measured in 1991 and 1992 . In an August NBC News/WSJ poll , 60 % of voters said they believed America was in a state of decline , compared with 63 % who said that in December of 1991 . There has been even greater erosion in the sense of hopefulness about the prospects of the younger generation . In December of 1991 and 1992 , the number of Americans who said they were confident that life for the next generation would be better than their own was between 41 % and 44 % . This August that number sank to 21 % . Aligning with Bill Clinton 's early '90s riff on the fading American dream , the December 2014 New York Times/CBS poll found that only 64 % of Americans believe it is possible to start poor in this country , work hard and become rich -- an even lower percentage than in the mid-1990s  70 %  . Republican Pollster Whit Ayres noted that Bill Clinton won in 1992 by wrapping his middle-class focused message around a policy agenda with conservative elements that appealed to a broader audience . "  Bill Clinton in 1992 was running as a center-left Democrat who wanted to end welfare as we know it , he was for the death penalty , he ripped into Sister Souljah for saying we ought to have a week where we kill white people , " Ayres said . By contrast , Hillary Clinton "  is for all the touchstones of the left today , " he said , and has yet to show how she would win over more moderate voters . While Clinton ran as the candidate of strength and experience in 2008 , Steve Schmidt , a Republican strategist who advised former President George W. Bush and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain , said Clinton has yet to clearly outline a justification for her candidacy in 2016 . "  I do n't think it 's readily apparent to anybody , including most every Democrat , what Hillary Clinton is running for president to do or to be , which was not ever the issue with Bill Clinton , " Schmidt said . "  There are change elections and there are ` more of the same ' elections , and there was a lot of economic anxiety in the 1992 election and  Bill Clinton  was able to drive a change narrative . " "  After eight years of Barack Obama , it 's very difficult to understand what kind of change it is that Hillary Clinton 's candidacy could represent , " he said . To the extent that Hillary Clinton has hinted at her policy agenda , she has not been shy about suggesting that she would build on her husband 's legacy , which she took part in shaping as his informal strategist , sounding board and speech editor . The central thread through many of Clinton 's political speeches in recent months has once again been the idea of championing the middle class -- the "  invisible Americans " as she called them in 2008 -- or "  fighting for the forgotten middle class " as her husband 's 1992 campaign brochure framed his version of that message . When talking about expanding paid family leave , for example , she often notes that the Family and Medical Leave Act was the first bill her husband signed in the White House . She has also reminded audiences that he signed legislation that raised the minimum wage in 1996 , as she makes the case for another increase . When addressing economic angst while campaigning for Democratic hopeful Bruce Braley in Iowa in late October , she alluded to the Clinton White House years as a kind of golden era : "  Millions of new jobs were created , more families made it into the middle class , and more families got lifted out of poverty , " she said . Moving beyond nostalgia , she has also tried out variations of the 1992 campaign lines . In seeking to connect , she has echoed the motto that her husband used in his 1992 convention speech : "  I am a product of the middle class and when I am president , you will be forgotten no more . " "  I am a product of the American middle class , " she said at the Women in the World Conference in April , adding that she wanted other American children to have the opportunities she had . At the Harkin Steak Fry , she lamented that American families "  are working harder than ever " but finding that maintaining a middle class lifestyle is like "  rolling a boulder uphill . " Cue the tape again to Bill Clinton 's 1992 convention speech : "  People are working harder than ever , " he said , "  and their incomes are still going down . " When she was by his side during a 1992 bus tour from New York to St. Louis , Bill Clinton sought to strengthen his connection with working class voters by saying he was "  tired of the dignity being stripped from blue collar work in America . " When Hillary Clinton went to Pennsylvania in October , she carried that theme forward while campaigning for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Tom Wolf . "  There is nothing but dignity in hard work , " she said in that speech , calling for greater respect for the jobs held by her own generation and that of her parents . If the winning strategy for any candidate in 2016 is to show an understanding of the economic angst that voters are feeling -- and policies to address it -- Republican strategists point out that Clinton 's other hurdle will be that her husband was far more natural in showing his empathy for others as he delivered that message . In anticipation of her run , Republicans have pounced on every opportunity to argue that it has been a long time since the Clintons were a struggling young couple in Arkansas -- focusing on their wealth and her hefty speech fees . "  She has lived a pretty gilded life for the last couple of decades , " said Republican strategist Katie Packer Gage , referring to the trappings of Clinton 's various roles as First Lady , Senator and Secretary of State like her security detail . "  When 's the last time that she got into a cold car ? " Clinton 's most notable stumble in that arena was when she told ABC 's Diane Sawyer during her book tour that she and her husband were "  not only dead broke , but in debt " when they left the White House , as they struggled to pay mortgages on several homes and their daughter 's private school education . She quickly sought to clarify her remarks on "  Good Morning America . " "  I fully appreciate how hard life is for so many Americans today , " she said . "  It 's an issue that I 've worked on and cared about my entire life . " In 2016 , Republicans will be looking for every opportunity to make her prove it .	Clinton 's economic rhetoric is straight from husband 's 1992 playbook She has spoken of restoring "  the basic bargain of America " Voter frustration is reminiscent of what the Clintons navigated in 1991 and 1992
CNN  Less than a month after French President François Hollande mused that sanctions on Russia should be lifted  apparently reflecting the prevailing sentiment in much of the European Union  , Russia has launched a new offensive through its proxies in Ukraine . Facing a full-blown crisis , with the Russian economy estimated to be contracting by at least 5 % this year , Russian President Vladimir Putin seems to be unconcerned about further economic pressure and diplomatic isolation . Is he irrational ? As the only one making important decisions in Russia today , does Putin not care about the sanctions ? He is not and he does . His is a multiphased , well-calibrated endgame to destabilize Ukraine and to weaken the sanctions at the same time . The first thing for the West to understand is that , in the short run , no amount of sanctions will force Russia to leave Ukraine -- not until the Kremlin achieves victory , which Putin appears to have defined as Ukraine 's almost unconditional capitulation . Until then , any "  peace initiatives " and "  accords " signed by Russia are not worth the paper they are written on . Having raised the propaganda pitch to a "  motherland-in-danger " level unheard of since World War II , Putin has been telling Russians that the war in Ukraine is about "  defending our independence and our right to exist , " and that the Ukrainians are nothing more than the first line of NATO 's attack . The popular mobilization to protect the motherland from the alleged "  NATO aggression " has become the key to Putin 's popularity and , by extension , to the regime 's legitimacy . Climbing down from such rhetorical heights without a clear victory in sight , especially during an economic crisis , could be very dangerous politically . What sort of victory could Putin be envisioning ? First , humiliated and bled dry on the battlefield , Ukraine would be forced to agree to a "  federated " structure and recognize the "  autonomy " of its southeast region that would make it a de facto Russian protectorate inside Ukraine . The "  people 's republics " of Donetsk and Luhansk would have their own political , legal and security systems and their "  defense forces " would not be disarmed . Nor would Russian "  volunteers " be repatriated . Completely controlled by Moscow , the republics ' authorities would be in charge of all elections within their territories . A permanent bloc of seats in the Ukrainian parliament would be set aside for them , giving them  that is , Russia  de facto veto power over Ukraine 's key political , security and foreign policy choices . Finally , there would be no restoration of Ukrainian sovereignty over the Russo-Ukrainian border and no end to the flow of Russian military and civilian supplies into Ukraine . With these arrangements in place , the Kremlin would be able to re-ignite the conflict instantaneously whenever it did not like what Kiev is doing or , more importantly , whenever Russia 's domestic political situation called for another round of propaganda-induced patriotic hysteria and anti-West paranoia . With such a victory , Putin would get very close to achieving his goal since the Ukrainian revolution 11 months ago : punish , humiliate , dismember , destabilize and , ultimately , destroy a Europe-bound Ukraine . Ukraine 's de facto surrender would also put pressure on the West to weaken and ultimately lift the sanctions . How could the United States and the European Union continue to punish Russia when the government in Kiev had agreed to such a "  peace " ? Given Putin 's determination and the resources he has put behind it , his endgame will have a high probability of success , but it is not preordained . The only way to thwart Putin 's ambitions is through Russian domestic politics . A strong resistance by Kiev would force Putin to intensify and widen the scope of the campaign . This would require an increase of regular Russian troops in Ukraine  estimated last year by NATO at 1,000 and by the Ukrainians last month at 9,000  to at least 15,000 to 20,000 . Russian casualties are likely to rise proportionately to the number of troops , reminding the families of Russian soldiers of the bloody 1979 - '89 Soviet war in Afghanistan , which greatly contributed to the unraveling of the Soviet regime 's legitimacy . Putin will be reluctant to choose this option , and the extreme political sensitivity of the issue explains the secrecy about Russian casualties and the creation earlier this year of a Russian "  foreign legion " to minimize the losses of regular Russian troops . But in the short run , Russia 's defeat on the battlefield is anyhow unlikely because of the continuing disarray in the Ukrainian defense establishment . This stems largely from the Soviet or Russian-trained top brass , which is not especially anxious to fight their comrades , as well as from the lack of manpower , poor training and the absence of modern defense weapons , especially anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles . So what can the West do ? For the moment , keeping up sanctions is critical . While they are far from the most damaging of the Kremlin 's economic maladies , they raise the stakes for Moscow at a time of deepening economic crisis and rapidly shrinking budgets . By preventing Russian companies from borrowing or selling debt in the West , they force Putin to choose between bailing out , for example , the oil giant Rosneft or the huge VTB Bank , or keeping hospitals open even in Moscow , which is relatively well-off compared to the rest of the country ; between paying the kontraktniki "  volunteer " soldiers who fight in Ukraine and raising the pensions of tens of millions retirees and the salaries of doctors and teachers to keep up with inflation . Far from being the product of a delusion of grandeur , Putin 's endgame is based on hard military and geopolitical realities . If Kiev , Brussels and Washington are serious about resisting it , they ought to be as realistic , as determined and as creative .	Tensions have flared again in eastern Ukraine Leon Aron : In short run , no amount of sanctions will force Russia out of Ukraine
New York  CNN  -- The Nathan 's Famous hot dog-eating contest has always separated the men from the boys , as far as eating competitions go , but this year it will separate the men from the women -- with separate challenges for the sexes . George Shea , chairman of the annual event 's sponsor , Major League Eating , says that with more women competing , it was the right decision to make . "  There was a feeling that what woman have done is nothing short of fantastic , but they were being overshadowed by the men , " Shea said . As Nathan 's Famous readies for its 96th annual July Fourth International Hot Dog Eating Contest on Coney Island , the ladies will go first in vying for their own championship belt . The women 's competition will abide by the same rules , with at least 10 female contestants required to eat as many hot dogs and buns as they can in 10 minutes . Qualifying events for the contest begin April 23 and will be held in 13 cities including Las Vegas , Atlanta , Boston , Cleveland , Los Angeles , New York and Pittsburgh . Events will also be held in Canada and China to qualify for the July 4 contest . Although the men 's competition will feature a grand prize of $ 20,000 and the famous championship belt , the woman 's purse will be $ 5,000 . Why the disparity ? Shea says that the overall prize money will eclipse that of past years and that although the money is meaningful , the instant celebrity for the first female hot dog-eating champion will make up for the shortfall . In 2010 , reigning champion Joey Chestnut took home the championship belt for the fourth year in a row after scarfing down 54 hot dogs and buns , although he 'd eaten a record 68 dogs in 2009 . The leading female contender for this year 's event is Sonya Thomas , who downed 36 hot dogs in the co-ed 2010 contest , falling short of her personal best of 41 hot dogs in 2009 . A strong challenger will probably be 45-year-old Juliet Lee from Germantown , Maryland . Lee , who owns a hair salon , is "  excited " and hopes to best her personal record of 34 hot dogs , which she accomplished a year ago . Lee , who weighs 100 pounds , says she 's participating "  not for the money but because it 's a passion . " She prefers seafood , she says . German tourist Birgit Felden broke the Nathan 's gender barrier in 1984 as the first female competitor , downing 11 hot dogs and buns . Major League Eating is launching a global effort to find Felden and have her come back to Coney Island this year .	The first woman to compete was a German tourist , in 1984 Sonya Thomas is a leading contender this year In the 2010 championship , she downed 36 dogs This year 's top male eater will get $ 20,000 , but top woman will get $ 5,000
CNN  -- Walt Hazzard , the dazzling point guard who led UCLA to its first NCAA basketball title and starred in high school , the NBA and the Olympics , died after a long illness , according to the UCLA Bruins ' website . The 69-year-old Hazzard died Friday afternoon at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center surrounded by family and friends , according to a statement from his family . He had been recuperating from complications following heart surgery . "  This is a sad day for the UCLA basketball family , " UCLA Athletic Director Dan Guerrero said in a statement . "  Walt was the catalyst for coach John Wooden 's first championship team and played the game with a style that excited Bruin basketball fans everywhere . He contributed to his alma mater in numerous ways , including as a student-athlete , coach and honored alum , and he will be greatly missed by all of us who knew him . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife , Jaleesa , and their four sons . " Hazzard starred at Overbrook High School in Philadelphia , where he led the school to an 89-3 record . He transferred to UCLA after the 1960-61 season at Santa Monica College and played for Wooden , a fabled coach who mentored excellent teams through the years . the sophomore Hazzard led the team to the Final Four in 1961-62 but it lost to Cincinnati . Two years later , as a senior , he led the Bruins to the NCAA championship in 1964 , the first of many championships for what had become a college basketball dynasty . He earned All-America honors at UCLA as a junior and senior and piled up impressive scoring statistics there . He was chosen for the U.S. Olympic team in 1964 and helped the United States win a gold medal at the games in Tokyo . He later joined the NBA , playing with the Los Angeles Lakers and others teams -- Seattle , Atlanta , Buffalo and Golden State -- for a total of 10 seasons . He went into coaching and eventually became head coach for the Bruins for four years during the 1980s . Under Hazzard , the team won a National Invitation Tournament , a PAC-10 title and reached the second round of the NCAA Tournament . After coaching , he scouted and consulted for the Lakers . He also got involved with the Young Black Scholars group and started a non-profit for middle school students , the Los Angeles Sports Academy . The 100 Black Men of Los Angeles Inc. in October gave Hazzard a Lifetime Achievement Award . "  He was a great player and an outstanding coach at UCLA . He is a huge part of the Bruin legacy , and he left life-long memories for the Bruin faithful , " UCLA head men 's basketball coach Ben Howland said . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Hazzard starred from high school to the NBA He helped the U.S. win a gold in the Olympics Hazzard came back to UCLA to coach He played with the Lakers and other NBA teams
CNN  -- Popular apps for the iPhone and iPad , some of which usually go for up to $ 20 , were being offered for free in Apple 's online App Store on Monday , possibly in conjunction with the store 's fifth anniversary . Popular games were in abundance on the list , with "  Infinity Blade II , " "  Where 's My Water ? " and "  Tiny Wings " among them . The steepest discount appeared to be Traktor DJ , a suite of tools for mixing and recording music that usually goes for $ 19.99 . MapMyRide + , photo-text app Over and recipe app How to Cook Everything also were among the apps being offered for free Monday . Apple did not immediately respond to a request for more information about the free apps . In May , the App Store passed a staggering 50 billion downloads , according to Apple . It seems likely that the apparent promotion will be part of an effort to commemorate July 10 , 2008 , the day the App Store went live as an update to iTunes . It increased the appeal of the iPhone , and later the iPad , and created a sales model that has been adopted by rivals like Google , Microsoft and BlackBerry in the years since . That 's led to Apple to trademark the term "  app store " in an ongoing effort to protect the term . In 2011 , Apple filed a lawsuit against Amazon , which rolled out the Amazon App Store along with its entry into the tablet market with the Kindle Fire . Last month , the two companies failed to come to an agreement after new rounds of negotiations . Apple argues that Amazon infringes on its trademark by calling its store that sells apps an "  app store . " Amazon argues that the words constitute a generic description . The term "  app , " as applied to computers , dates at least to the 1980s . Google 's app store , for users of its mobile Android operating system , is called Google Play . BlackBerry has BlackBerry World , and Microsoft 's merely says "  Windows Phone " at the top of its mobile store 's homepage .	Top iPhone , iPad apps being offered for free Change comes as Apple App Store 's five-year anniversary approaches Games like "  Infinity Blade II , " tools like "  Map My Ride " on list Priciest freebie is the normally $ 19.99 Traktor DJ
CNN  -- Seven members of a joint United Nations-African Union peacekeeping patrol have been killed by a heavily armed militia group in Sudan 's Darfur region , the U.N. said . Peacekeepers drive into a Sudanese refugee camp near Farchana , east of Chad . Five of those killed were Rwandan , a U.N. peacekeeping official said , and the other two were a Ugandan and a Ghanaian . Twenty-two others were wounded in the attack , which was immediately condemned by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . "  The attackers used heavy weapons and engaged the UNAMID convoy in an exchange of fire for more than two hours , " according to the statement released by Ban 's spokesman . UNAMID is the acronym for the U.N.-AU mission in Darfur . The peacekeepers are allowed to used force when fired upon directly . "  The secretary-general condemns in the strongest possible terms this unacceptable act of extreme violence against AU-U.N. peacekeepers in Darfur and calls on the government of Sudan to do its utmost to ensure that the perpetrators are swiftly identified and brought to justice , " the statement said . "  The secretary-general expresses his deepest condolences to the families of the peacekeepers who lost their lives , and reiterates his appreciation for their service , valor and commitment to the search for peace in Darfur . " The ambush happened around 2:45 p.m.  1145 GMT  in northern Darfur . The rescue mission did not take place until after dark , she said . The peacekeepers who were attacked operated out of Shangil Tobayi -- a base to the west of El Fasher . In five years of war the U.N. says more than four million people have been affected : Two-and-a-half million people forced from their homes and more than 300,000 killed . Sudanese officials dispute those numbers claiming only 10,000 have died -- a number they say is normal for five years of war . U.S. President George W. Bush calls the killings genocide and has put sanctions on Sudan . The U.N. says Sudan 's government is guilty of crimes against humanity and of violating international human rights laws every bit as heinous and serious they say as genocide . In February 2008 , a fresh wave of killing forced 58,000 people to flee their homes as government troops and Janjaweed militiamen retaliated against rebels . A U.N. report said Sudan broke international law as 115 innocent civilians were killed using tactics similar to those employed in 2003 , 2004 , the worst years of the war . Peacekeepers are frequently targeted by militias in Darfur , where they are trying to protect civilians from "  janjaweed " militias -- nomadic Arab militias , supported by Sudan 's government , which target pastoral black Africans . Ten African Union peacekeepers were killed in October in an ambush on their peacekeeping base -- the deadliest single attack on AU peacekeepers since they began their mission in late 2004 . A U.N. commission concluded in 2005 that the Sudanese government and militias "  conducted indiscriminate attacks , including killing of civilians , torture , enforced disappearances , destruction of villages , rape and other forms of sexual violence , pillaging and forced displacement " in Darfur . In 2006 , the U.N. Security Council authorized the creation of the joint AU/U . N. hybrid force of peacekeepers to protect civilians in Darfur . That hybrid force formally took over peacekeeping duties late last year from the force composed solely of members of the African Union . Yet the force is under-manned as a result of the Sudanese government 's opposition to a U.N. presence , with just over 9,500 troops of an authorized strength of 26,000 .	U.N. : Seven peacekeepers , including five Rwandans , killed and 22 wounded Attack immediately condemned by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon In five years of war U.N. says more than 4 million people have been affected
United Nations  CNN  -- Iran continues to evade and violate a U.N.-imposed arms embargo , according to a sanctions committee report released Friday to the Security Council . Ambassador Tsuneo Nishida of Japan , who is the chairman of the committee , told the Security Council that within the past 90 days , the committee has been investigating two separate incidents of reported Iranian violations . One violation , he said , involved a report by a member country that from one of its ports , it "  inspected and seized 13 shipping containers of illegal arms reportedly originating from Iran . " The committee said it would issue a more comprehensive report of the results in the near future . The other report of violations involved a separate member country whose customs and border authorities seized a container onboard a ship which originated from Iran and was destined for Syria . It contained "  a high-potential explosive known as ` T4 ' or ` RDX ' . " Susan Rice , the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations , reacted to the report saying , "  Unfortunately , when it comes to Iran 's actions , not much has changed since we last met . Iran continues to violate its obligations " to the Security Council . In 2007 , Security Council Resolution 1747 imposed a ban on the export and procurement of all arms and related material from Iran .	Committee chairman says panel is looking at two reported incidents Country says it seized 13 containers of illegal arms Separate report says high explosives were bound for Syria
