CNN  -- Juventus missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a last-gasp 1-1 draw by Bologna on Sunday . David Trezeguet celebrates his goal but Juventus were eventually held to a 1-1 draw by Bologna . An equalizer by Brazilian Adailton in injury time earned the visitors a late point after David Trezegeut had given Juve a 25th-minute lead . The French striker profited after Jonathon Zebina 's charge into the box which saw his shot come back off Bologna goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano and fall into his path . Diego then set up Trezeguet for a chance which flew just wide . Juve had been on top in the first half but after the break home keeper Gianluigi Buffon was called into action on several occasions . He saved a Giacomo Tedesco shot and Adailton put the rebound over the bar , but three minutes into added time saw Tedesco send a high cross into the box and Adailton volleyed home . "  It 's a missed opportunity , " Juve coach Ciro Ferrara told reporters . "  We have been naive . " "  When they equalized we had no-one defending , we have given them too much freedom . "  We tried to attack in order to kill the game and that gave them a chance to hit back . " Sampdoria head Juventus by one point with 15 points from six games after their 1-0 win over champions Inter Milan on Saturday . Inter are on 13 points with Fiorentina , who beat Livorno 1-0 in Saturday 's late game . In other action on Sunday , AC Milan continued their disappointing start to the season with a 0-0 home draw against Bari . Out of sorts Brazilian ace Ronaldinho missed their best chance when he blazed a first half rebound over the bar . The draw left them in 11th place , seven points adrift of Sampdoria . AS Roma needed an injury-time equalizer from Daniele De Rossi to earn a 1-1 draw away to Catania . Takayuki Morimoto gave the home side the lead in the 22nd minute , with Italian international De Rossi leveling in a goalmouth scramble . Serie A 's top scorer Antonio Di Natale continued his fine run as he converted in Udinese 's 2-0 win over Genoa while Atalanta are off the bottom with a 1-1 draw at Chievo .	Juventus held to a 1-1 home draw by Bologna to miss chance to top Serie A Adailton scores injury time equalizer after David Trezeguet put Juventus ahead AC Milan held to goalless draw by Bari in late game to continue poor start Sampdoria head table by a point from Juve after beating Inter 1-0 on Saturday
United Airlines says a computer outage that caused the cancellation of nine flights and delayed 580 others was the result of an equipment failure . "  United 's operations are running normally today following yesterday 's network outage , " said a statement sent to CNN Wednesday by airline spokeswoman Mary Ryan . During the more than two-hour-long outage Tuesday , United 's website redirected to a message that said , "  We are experiencing technical difficulties . This will temporarily affect our ability to serve you online . " At Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport , a United hub , check-in kiosks were dark and passengers stood in long lines . At the gates , people boarded planes while United agents checked them off on a hand-drawn seating chart . United passengers in San Francisco recounted being unable to get boarding passes , and some Newark passengers took to social media to share pictures of long lines and handwritten boarding passes they say they were given . "  The outage was caused when a piece of communication equipment in one of our data centers failed and disabled communications with our airports and website , " the airline said . "  We have fully redundant systems and we are working with the manufacturers to determine why the backup equipment did not work as it was supposed to . " Passengers on affected flights can cancel or rebook their flights without penalty , according an earlier statement from the airline . "  United apologizes for the disruption caused to travelers at affected airports and is re-accommodating customers as quickly as possible . " United Airlines flight returns to Newark after engine problem	"  A piece of communication equipment in one of our data centers failed , " United says It cut connections with airports and the website , United says The outage resulted in the cancellation of nine flights and the delay of 580
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao has told CNN even he was surprised at how quickly his fight against Great Britain 's Ricky Hatton came to an end . Manny Pacquiao throws a left hand on his way to a devastating victory over Ricky Hatton . Pacquiao , often considered the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world , cemented his reputation Saturday night when he knocked out Hatton in the second round . "  That was two of the most exciting rounds I have seen in my career , " said Chris Mannix , a writer for Sports Illustrated . "  You saw , from the opening bell , Pacquiao was really dominant . " In an interview with CNN 's Kristie LuStout after the fight , Pacquiao acknowledged the fight ended sooner than he expected . Watch Pacquiao talk about his post-fight plans " With the win at the MGM Grand Garden in Las Vegas , Nevada , Pacquiao added the light-welterweight crown to his past world titles : lightweight , super-featherweight , light-featherweight , featherweight and flyweight . The Filipino 's career record now stands at 49-3-2 with 37 knockouts . The fight , for which Pacquiao reportedly earned $ 12 million , was brief . Pacquiao knocked Hatton down in the first round from a series of lightning-fast right hooks . The British boxer managed to get to his feet and finish the round , but the outcome was evident once the second round began . Hatton , the International Boxing Organization 's light-welterweight champion , tried the classic brawling style that has fueled his career . But Pacquiao 's technique and speed quickly outclassed Hatton . The Filipino 's right hooks set up a devastating left hook that flattened Hatton with a second remaining in the second round . The referee quickly ended the match . "  It turned out he  Hatton  just was n't very good at boxing , " Mannix said . "  You saw the difference between a great fighter and very good fighter . " The 30-year-old Pacquiao is a national hero in the Philippines , where his bouts bring the country to a standstill . He came into the fight on Saturday as a narrow favorite after sending one of the biggest names in the sport , Oscar de la Hoya , into retirement with a stoppage victory in December . Nicknamed "  Pacman , " he grew up poor in General Santos City in the southern Philippines . He found boxing as a way to lift himself to fame and riches , yet he remains self-deprecating outside of the ring . It is this combination of a fierce fighter in the ring and a smiling deferential one outside that has helped turn him into an idol . Outside a bar in the Wan Chai district of Hong Kong , China , a woman who would only identify herself as Amy and her friends erupted in joy . The second-biggest ethnic group behind Chinese are Filipinos Amy and her friends -- all from the Philippines and working here in this world financial center -- were part of the crowd that had just witnessed the match live . "  This is great , this is wonderful , " Amy screamed . CNN 's Kevin Drew contributed to this report	Manny Pacquiao knocks out Ricky Hatton in second round at the MGM Grand Victory cements Pacquiao 's reputation as best pound-for-pound boxer in world The Filipino adds the light-welterweight title to his collection of championships
CNN  -- Should you tell your kids ? This is the question all of us are grappling with this morning . The horrific Newtown school shooting is inescapable on the news today , and will be for a while -- a constant thrum of horror in our hearts and our souls . But we 're grown ups . We 'll grieve and process and move on . Still that one nagging concern remains for many of us : Do we tell our kids what happened or not ? If the news is a steady presence in your home , chances are they 'll glom on to the fact that something is up . If we do n't tell them and get the facts straight , they 'll probably hear some version of the truth at school . But to tell them this ? How ? "  Adults like to have all the information and try to make sense of the horribleness . But for kids , it 's too much , " says Dr Gwenn O'Keeffe , pediatrician , author , health journalist , and CEO of Pediatrics Now . "  We have to balance our need to keep up with our need to protect our kids . " When will these school shootings stop ? Bearing that in mind , O'Keeffe , a member of Parenting 's Editorial Advisory Board , has a handful of tips on whether -- and how -- to talk to your children about what happened yesterday . The ages of your kids will drive whether , and what , you tell them about Newtown . "  The first rule of thumb , though , is never lie to your kids , " says O'Keeffe . "  If they come home and ask you about it , no matter what age they are , tell them the truth . If they 're 4 or 6 or 8 and they ask ` was there a school shooting and did people die ? ' Your answer has to be yes . " Then you reassure them . Tell them that their school is safe , that your community is different , that there are protections in place and it will never happen to them . "  Even if you 're not sure that 's true , you have to make sure that they believe it . They have to go to school every day . " How to help survivors of the Sandy Hook shooting Ask your kids what they 've heard . Even if they do n't ask you about Newton , they do go to school with older kids . Children catch wind fairly quickly when something serious is up . Some kids will luck out and not hear anything at all . But the news flows like water -- it gets through cracks you do n't even know are there . And facts get twisted on the playground . "  The only way you 're going to know if your kids have heard something is if you ask them , " says O'Keeffe . When they 're as young as 4 , do n't bring it up . But a 7-year-old will possibly have heard something . Approach her during a quiet moment or at snack time , says O'Keeffe . Gingerly broach the topic . Say something like "  there 's been a lot of talk in our country that about something that happened at a school in Connecticut that was very upsetting . Has anybody talked about that at school ? " If they have n't heard , let them know they can ask you anything they want . A Hurricane Sandy survivor , thankful for how much she still has Remain calm . If you do tell them what happened , make sure you 're coming from your calmest , most reassuring place . "  Do n't overload them . Do n't go on a whole speech about gun control or school safety , " says O'Keeffe . And give them space . They 're children and they may not know how to respond right away . They may look at you and go out of the room and do something else . Maybe they 'll come back and ask questions later , maybe they wo n't . "  Allow them to have whatever response they have unless it 's interfering with their ability to go through the day , it 's all expected , " says O'Keeffe . If the news is interfering with your kids or anyone in your family , "  seek help right away , " O'Keeffe advises . This will usually manifest in a lot of anxiety and a lot of grief , anxiousness about the safety of their family . In more serious cases , physical symptoms could include headaches , stomach aches , inability to function as usual or a reluctance to go to school . "  This is n't something you 'd want to wait out . " How to deal with nightmares Monitor the media intake for everyone in the family . Even if you only watch CNN when the kids are in bed , there 's the chance they may not be able to get to sleep and can hear the newscaster , the interviews . Coverage of events like this can range from incredibly tactful to incredibly sensational . Be aware of who is watching what around the home , says O'Keeffe . That goes for grown-ups too . "  You do n't need to watch the news 24/7 , " she adds . "  That creates overanxiety in all of us . Resist that temptation . Go about your life . That 's the best thing you can do to honor these people . " Like CNN Living on Facebook Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	The ages of your kids will determine whether you tell them about tragedies like Newtown Pick age-appropriate responses and do not lie to them about events , says an expert Children need reassurance from parents that their schools and communities are safe Being a calm presence for children in the face of chaos can help them process events
CNN  -- Following the liberal footsteps of Colorado and Washington , Alaska , Oregon and the District of Columbia passed ballot initiatives to legalize marijuana this month . Florida 's medical marijuana law failed , but only because as a constitutional amendment it needed 60 % support ; 58 % voted in favor of it . In 2016 , another five to 10 states will likely consider legalization -- possibly Arizona , California , Delaware , Hawaii , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Montana , Nevada , New York , Rhode Island and Vermont . It 's not surprising . Opinion polls show that marijuana legalization now commands majority support across the country . Do these developments mean that full legalization is inevitable ? Not necessarily , but one would hope so . Marijuana legalization is a policy no-brainer . Any society that professes to value liberty should leave adults free to consume marijuana . Moreover , the evidence from states and countries that have decriminalized or medicalized marijuana suggests that policy plays a modest role in limiting use . And while marijuana can harm the user or others when consumed inappropriately , the same applies to many legal goods such as alcohol , tobacco , excessive eating or driving a car . Recent evidence from Colorado confirms that marijuana 's legal status has minimal impact on marijuana use or the harms allegedly caused by use . Since commercialization of medical marijuana in 2009 , and since legalization in 2012 , marijuana use , crime , traffic accidents , education and health outcomes have all followed their pre-existing trends rather than increasing or decreasing after policy liberalized . The strong claims made by legalization critics are not borne out in the data . Likewise , some strong claims by legalization advocates -- e.g. , that marijuana tourism would be a major boom to the economy -- have also not materialized . The main impact of Colorado 's legalization has been that marijuana users can now purchase and use with less worry about harsh legal ramifications . Yet despite the compelling case for legalization , and progress toward legalization at the state level , ultimate success is not assured . Federal law still prohibits marijuana , and existing jurisprudence  Gonzales v. Raich 2005  holds that federal law trumps state law when it comes to marijuana prohibition . So far , the federal government has mostly taken a hands-off approach to state medicalizations and legalizations , but in January 2017 , the country will have a new president . That person could order the attorney general to enforce federal prohibition regardless of state law . Whether that will happen is hard to forecast . If more states legalize marijuana and public opinion continues its support , Washington may hesitate to push back . But federal prohibition creates problems even if enforcement is nominal : Marijuana business can not easily use standard financial institutions and transactions technologies such as credit cards ; physicians may still hesitate to prescribe marijuana ; and medical researchers will still face difficulty in studying marijuana . To realize the full potential of legalization , therefore , federal law must change . The best approach is to remove marijuana from the list of drugs regulated by the Controlled Substances Act  CSA  , the federal law that governs prohibition . Standard regulatory and tax policies would still apply to legalized marijuana , and states would probably adopt marijuana-specific regulations similar to those for alcohol  e.g. , minimum purchase ages  . State and federal governments might also impose "  sin taxes , " as for alcohol . But otherwise marijuana would be just another commodity , as it was before the Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 . A more cautious approach would have Congress reschedule marijuana under the CSA . Currently , marijuana is in Schedule I , which is reserved for drugs such as heroin and LSD that , according to the CSA , have "  a high potential for abuse ... no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States ... -LSB- and -RSB- a lack of accepted safety for use . " Hardly anyone believes these conditions apply to marijuana . If marijuana were in Schedule II , which states it as "  a high potential for abuse ... -LSB- but a -RSB- currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States , " doctors could legally prescribe it under federal law , as with other Schedule II drugs such as cocaine , methadone and morphine . Given the broad range of conditions for which marijuana may be useful , including muscle spasms caused by multiple sclerosis , nausea from cancer chemotherapy , poor appetite and weight loss caused by chronic illness such as HIV , chronic pain , stress , seizure disorders and Crohn 's disease , doctors would have wide reign to prescribe , making marijuana all but legal as occurs under the broadest state medical marijuana laws , such as California and Colorado . Medical science would also face fewer regulatory hurdles to marijuana research . This "  medicalization " approach , while perhaps politically more feasible than full legalization , has serious drawbacks . Federal authorities such as the Drug Enforcement Administration could interfere with marijuana prescribing -- as sometimes occurs with opiate prescribing . Taxing medical marijuana may be harder than taxing recreational marijuana . And the medical approach risks a charge of hypocrisy , since it is backdoor legalization . But medicalization is still better than full prohibition , since it eliminates the black market . For 77 years , the United States has outlawed marijuana , with tragic repercussions and unintended consequences . The public and their state governments are on track to rectify this terrible policy . Here 's hoping Congress catches up .	Alaska , Oregon and District of Columbia recently legalized marijuana Jeffrey Miron : State legalization is not enough ; what U.S. needs is federal legalization He says federal prohibition is a problem ; doctors and researchers are afraid to use it Miron : Given marijuana 's potential in medicine , Congress should make it legal
CNN  -- The Australian government has admitted it has 153 people , including children , in custody at sea while it fights a High Court challenge to any plans to send them back to Sri Lanka . Until Tuesday 's court hearing in Melbourne , the government had refused to confirm or deny it was holding the suspected asylum seekers , in line with its policy of not commenting on operational matters under "  Operation Sovereign Borders . " All those on board are thought to be Tamils who left the Indian port of Pondicherry on a 72-foot boat in mid-June . They include three-year-old Febrina , whose image was released by a worried relative who has n't heard from his family for more than a week . "  I am desperate to know where my family is . I ca n't function at all not knowing . I know all of them would be in very big trouble if sent back to Sri Lanka , " he said , via an interpreter to the Tamil Refugee Council in Australia , before Tuesday 's hearing . The government launched Operation Sovereign Borders last September , a military-led campaign to "  stop the boats , " referring to a steady stream of vessels crammed with asylum seekers trying to make it to Australian waters . Critics , including human rights campaigners , have slammed the policy , which advocates "  turn-backs " and the offshore processing of asylum claims , as cruel and unnecessary . ` Culture of secrecy ' On Tuesday , they also took aim at the "  culture of secrecy , " which created days of uncertainty for family members whose relatives were presumably lost at sea , and resulted in a vacuum of official information to back up claims that a boat had gone missing . "  It took getting a case to the High Court before the government would admit that they did have those people in custody and that they were on the high seas , that 's not good enough , " said Ian Rintoul , from the Refugee Action Coalition . David Manne , Executive Director of the Refugee and Immigration Legal Center  RILC  , said the government 's silence raised "  profound concerns " about whether their rights and Australia 's obligations under international law were being breached . "  Our system of Constitutional democracy is meant to deal with such grave matters with checks and balances under rule of law , not under a government-imposed shroud of secrecy with sweeping assertions that our international obligations are being met when the circumstances strongly suggest they are , in fact , being breached , " he told CNN . Greens Party Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said : "  The ugly truth is that the government has been keeping dozens of children detained out on the high seas . These families have been at sea for over three weeks ; they are anxious and frightened . "  The government has shown total contempt for the truth and for the rights of the Australian people to know what is being done in their name . Thankfully the courts have been able to shed some light on this immoral behavior , " she added . Why was the matter before the High Court ? On Tuesday , lawyers acting for 50 passengers on board the boat -- including 21 women and eight children from as young as two years old -- were seeking to extend a 24-hour injunction granted Monday to stop the Australian government from handing them over to Sri Lankan authorities . Fears they would be returned to face potential persecution intensified earlier Monday when the government confirmed it had on Sunday returned 41 Sri Lankan nationals found aboard a boat west of the Cocos  Keeling  Islands in late June . According to a statement from Australian immigration minister Scott Morrison , 38 Sinhalese and four Tamil Sri Lankans had been subject to an "  enhanced screening process " at sea . It found only one Singhalese Sri Lankan had a possible case for refugee status , but that person had asked to return with the others , the statement said . Human rights advocates said evaluating asylum seekers at sea was not an appropriate way to deal with serious claims . "  It sounds as though three or four or five questions are being asked by video conference , snap judgments are being  made  , and they 're simply being returned , " said Gillian Triggs , president of the Australian Human Rights Commission . "  There is an obligation with international law to have a proper process , " she added . In a statement , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  said , "  UNHCR 's experience over the years with shipboard processing has generally not been positive . Such an would rarely afford an appropriate venue for a fair procedure . " On Tuesday , the returned Sri Lankans faced court in the city of Galle , charged with illegally departing the country . What does the government say ? The government has repeatedly defended Operation Sovereign Borders as the only way to put people smugglers out of business and to prevent lives being lost at sea . In a radio interview last week , immigration minister Morrison said : "  I know there 's a lot of people out there who feel uncomfortable about elements of this , I get that ... But this is how you stop the boats . This is how it has to be done because this is what works . This is why we 're sticking to it . " Ministers often refer to the 1,200 people thought to have been lost at sea while trying to make the dangerous journey through seas to Australia during the previous Labor government 's tenure . The Liberal government boasts that not one person has drowned in the 202 days since the last successful people smuggling venture arrived in Australia . In a statement on Tuesday , acting Immigration Minister Julie Bishop said : "  The government provided the High Court with the information it requested . However , in accordance with the policy established by the Operation Sovereign Borders Joint Agency Task Force Commander , the Government will not provide commentary about on-water matters under Operation Sovereign Borders . " "  The Government will act in accordance with undertakings made before the Court , " she added . High Court ruling On Tuesday , the government agreed to give 72 hours ' written notice before any move to hand the asylum seekers back to Sri Lanka . Lawyers for the government revealed for the first time that the boat had been intercepted in Australia 's contiguous zone , the area stretching beyond its territorial waters . Because the boat was not in Australian waters , the people on board were not able to seek protection under the country 's Migration Act , the court heard . However , the presiding judge , Justice Susan Crennan , said there was no barrier to the government moving the asylum seekers to another location for processing , presumably one of its two controversial offshore processing centers on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea or Nauru . How did advocates know about the boat ? Until Tuesday , most of the details known about the boat and those on board came from the vessel itself . On Thursday , someone claiming to be a passenger called a well-known human rights advocate . "  We 're on our way to Australia , " the caller said , according to Bala Vigneswaran from the Australian Tamil Congress , which represents the country 's Tamil community . The caller said the boat had left the Indian port of Pondicherry , with 153 people on board , all Tamils , including women and children . Other phone calls were made before communication with the boat suddenly ceased on Saturday morning , Vigneswaran said , who passed the information to local media who called the Australian Maritime Safety Authority  AMSA  . Asked how he thought the asylum seekers might be feeling about being held , Vigneswaran said : "  The only thing I can think of is they 'd be very happy . Why not ? Not all of them know the government policy  of offshore processing  , some of them might . "  But , at the end of the day , they would think ` if we prove we are real refugees then the government will take us . ' That 's the mindset everyone has , is n't it ? " The Australian government has been returning asylum seekers to Sri Lanka , a country Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said is "  at peace " , despite reports of the abuse and mistreatment of Tamils since the end of the civil war in 2009 . Australia extradites alleged people smuggler in asylum crackdown Opinion : Deterring and denying asylum seekers in Australia	153 asylum seekers from Sri Lanka being held at sea after boat intercepted High Court hearing brought by lawyers seeking to stop handover to Sri Lankan authorities Australian government has a policy of not commenting on operational matters Silence condemned by human rights advocates , critics of "  harsh " policy
CNN  -- Sony 's PlayStation Vita , which hits stores in the U.S. and Europe next Wednesday , is much more than just another portable gaming device . With the Vita , Sony is trying to combine the power of its PlayStation home console with the interface , portability and social media features of a smartphone . With its innovative touch controls , OLED screen , motion sensors , social apps , GPS capability and dual cameras , it has most of the bells and whistles that today 's gamers could want . Some industry observers question whether gamers will spring $ 250 - $ 300 for another portable gaming device -- plus potential monthly fees for a 3G data plan -- when smartphones already handle many of the same gaming functions . But Sony is counting on the Vita 's appeal to hard-core action - and first-person shooter gamers who want a designated mobile gaming system , not just another gadget on which to play "  Angry Birds . " CNN spent a week testing out the Vita on a handful of games . Our verdict : It 's a powerful and promising device -- better suited to some games than to others -- whose ultimate success will depend on whether developers make enough worthy games for it . A social device The successor to the Sony PSP hand-held console , PS Vita was started three years ago at the Sony Corporate Design Center by a team led by Takashi Sogabe , who designed the original Walkman . The goal was to bring richer and better gaming enjoyment than was available with the PSP . While members of the development team knew they 'd be making upgrades to the hardware and gameplay , Shuhei Yoshida , president of SCE Worldwide Studios , said he knew social media capability was going to be just as important . "  It has Twitter . It has Flickr . Portable music applications . These are here to enhance your gameplay experience , " Yoshida told CNN . "  What  Twitter  does as a player is , it lets you take a screen shot of a game you are playing . You beat the boss or you get the high score ,  and  you can show the world what you 've done with that screen shot . " Other social media applications , like Facebook , Foursquare and Skype , will also be available for download . The processing power in the Vita allows for eight different applications to run simultaneously . During our hands-on experience , we could download a new game while playing another and listening to music from the media player . There was no detectible slowing of the action or the music . PS Vita also raises the bar on mobile gaming by offering voice chat and text chat through the Party application . Party is n't tied into specific games , but allows players to communicate with their friends no matter what each person is doing . However , AT&T , the exclusive broadband provider for the Vita in the U.S. , does impose some restrictions . Yoshida said voice chat will only work if one person is on a Wi-Fi connection and the other is on a 3G connection . As he reminded us , the Vita is n't a phone . Do n't have many PlayStation friends online ? Vita can help you find new connections with Near , a program that uses GPS to search your area for other nearby Vita devices . You can see what other people are playing , maybe join up for a multiplayer match or challenge a friend to top your high score . If you 're concerned about privacy , there are ways to block your location , yet still see what 's going on around you . Other features All these additions to the gaming experience mean little if the core gameplay is lacking . And that 's where the Vita really delivers . The seven-inch device is chock full of processing power , multiple controls and a 5-inch OLED  organic light-emitting diode  screen , all designed to make games look and play as well as they do on a PlayStation home console . The front of the Vita has two analog joysticks , a first for a portable gaming device , as well as a directional pad and four buttons . The front screen is also a touchscreen , allowing for direct control during a game . The back of the device is a touchpad , which can create some unintended gaming consequences when gripping the Vita . Because Sony wanted the back screen to have a one-to-one relationship with the game action , the rear touchpad takes up the same amount of room as the front screen . But it takes some creative holding of the device to play some games without accidentally tapping on the back . Yoshida said that while Vita does have a lot of input devices and functions , there were many others that did n't make it to the final design . He said the team focused on three things for the Vita : the size of the device , the price and its battery life . "  A certain group of us wanted a stylus , " he said , laughing , about one feature that did n't make the cut . There are also two cameras , front and back , that are designed more for augmented reality  AR  gameplay than for taking quality pictures of your vacation spots . Three games that take advantage of augmented reality -- using a camera to overlay real-world objects onto a device 's digital screen -- will be available at launch next week . Games To consumers , all these features wo n't mean much if there are n't good games to play . Available at launch will be 25 titles , with many others scheduled for release shortly after . Sony is counting on some big franchises to help the Vita make a splash in the U.S. "  Assassin 's Creed , " "  Madden NFL , " "  Uncharted , " "  FIFA , " "  Little Big Planet " and "  BioShock " are a few of the powerhouse series that are developing games for the Vita . Some are available now , and others are coming soon . Sony also is making some original games , mainly shooters and action-adventure titles , available at launch . At a recent demo in Washington , the new "  MLB 12 : The Show " showed how gamers can use the Vita 's rear touchpad to throw the ball around a baseball diamond . Designer Ramone Russell said the PS3 version of the game will have 70 new enhancements and Vita will have 65 of those as well . He explained that the PS3 version and the Vita version of the game were designed with cross-play between the two consoles in mind . "  You dump 20 , 30 , 40 hours into a mode , and it 's time to go on a business trip , " Russell said . "  You save that file up into a Cloud . Pick up your PlayStation Vita . Take it on the road . Download it from the Cloud and you keep going . And it works vice versa . " After about a week of hands-on experience , the PS Vita feels less like a mobile gaming device and more like a new gaming console that is also portable . The social features and functionality are exciting , and their integration into games seems smooth . It takes a period of adjustment to avoid tapping the backside touchpad at the wrong time during a game . Even using the front touchscreen requires a bit of juggling , but it is n't anything that gets frustrating or awkward . Overall , the Vita 's power , social integration and presentation make the device worth a look . But the lingering question is whether developers will create enough great Vita games to make it worth the money . The Wi-Fi version of the PS Vita will cost $ 249 , while the AT&T 3G version will sell for $ 299  plus a data plan  . Two monthly data plans are available through AT&T : 250MB for $ 15 and 3GB for $ 30 . There 's also a first-edition bundle package that includes a PS Vita 3G/Wi-Fi model , 4GB memory card , "  Little Deviants " game and a limited-edition case for $ 350 . The deal expires at the end of March . Memory cards are needed for some Vita games , but not for all .	Sony 's PlayStation Vita gaming device hits U.S. stores Wednesday Vita allows for eight different applications to run simultaneously The front has a touchscreen and two analog joysticks , a first for a portable gaming device Our verdict : Vita is a promising device whose success will depend on quality of its games
CNN  -- Even terrorists have fears . And the prospect of gender equality appears to rank high on their list of worst nightmares . The logic , for them , is simple . Empowered women would never accept the brutal ideology espoused by terrorist leaders as the rule of their land . Educated women and girls would fundamentally challenge the power structure of organizations like ISIS . Therefore , if you carry out the argument , they must be suppressed and enslaved . "  There is no doubt that targeting of women is the core element -- not a byproduct -- of the ideologies espoused by these groups , " Sanam Naraghi-Anderlini , co-founder of the International Civil Society Action Network , told us . So , any successful strategy against these groups must put women 's rights at the front and center of policy planning . This will require more than words or a few million dollars allocated to girls ' schools . It will demand a fundamental shake-up of America 's foreign policy paradigm , on everything from aid to alliances . It will demand engaging women on the ground -- the women who are currently battling the nefarious organizations that are stripping them of their humanity . Does any group or state that refuses to commit to working toward gender equality merit our money , weapons or political capital ? Any entity that refuses to treat at least half of its population as equal to the other can not be expected to protect minorities and promote tolerance . In other words , the perpetuation of female oppression works against U.S. interests and therefore should be a disqualification for U.S. investment . After all , part of the reason America ostensibly invests and offers aid is to help nations to move closer to more inclusive and tolerant governance . The merits of building a foreign policy around the protection and empowerment of women and girls should be obvious from our own experience : Progress on gender equality has been central to our own accession to true democracy  though we still have a long way to go on the gender parity front  . It will similarly be key in any efforts to salvage areas that have become cesspools for extremist ideology . It is not a coincidence , after all , that some of the countries where women 's rights fare the worst also produce many jihadists for al Qaeda and the Islamic State . And in many of those countries , women 's rights are n't just stagnating , they 're backsliding . "  Although the battle over traditional gender roles is not new , the rise of religious extremism is ... halting and sometimes reversing the recent progress made on women 's rights and pushing women out of the public sphere , " according to an ICAN policy brief from spring 2014 , which cites Tunisia , Algeria , Libya , Yemen and Egypt as prime examples of the trend . The World Economic Forum 's 2014 Global Gender Gap Report backs up that assertion . The index ranks countries by performance in reducing the disparity in treatment and access between women and men . Consistently , some of the worst ranked countries on the economic empowerment index -- and on the overall index --  Tunisia , Egypt , Turkey , Lebanon , Afghanistan , Algeria , Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Iran , Jordan , Somalia , Pakistan and Syria  are also countries where extremism is on the rise and has in some cases already taken over the reins of power . "  In parts of Syria , Iraq , and the Sinai , extremist groups have a greater impact on conditions on ground , and freedoms that people do or do n't enjoy , than the government does , " says Vanessa Tucker , vice president for analysis at Freedom House . The question remains : Why do these groups target women ? It all comes down to asserting control . Often times , extremist groups are catering to disillusioned young men who , because of their unstable life circumstances , have been unable to marry , secure a job , provide for a family and thus assert their masculinity in traditional ways . Hence , "  the control over and subservience of women is part of the messaging and ideology that seems to resonate well " when recruiting men , Naraghi-Anderlini says . One of the first steps to domination is the control of information . Just as the Nazis were obsessed with burning books and exterminating any free-thinking group whose mere existence might be incompatible with its one-party fanaticism , Islamist extremists are committed to shutting down any institution that allows for women 's education . In Afghanistan , schoolgirls as young as 7 or 8 years of age have been threatened and shot by the Taliban for going to school . In Nigeria , hundreds of women were abducted from their schools earlier this year . Perhaps the most famous example is Nobel Prize winner Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani girl who was the subject of an elaborate assassination plot as the Taliban chose to make an example of her to instill fear into other activists for girls ' education . Despite being shot in the head when her school bus was ambushed in 2012 , she survived . More recently , in the Yazidi and Kurdish parts of Iraq that fell to Islamic State fighters , young women have been enslaved , and many now live the most tortured lives imaginable . On a recent BBC World Service segment , we heard about a phone call that a Kurdish fighter received recently from an enslaved Yazidi woman . "  If you know where we are please bomb us , " said the crying woman , who was living in a brothel . "  There is no life after this . I 'm going to kill myself anyway -- others have killed themselves this morning . I 've been raped 30 times and it 's not even lunchtime . I ca n't go to the toilet . Please bomb us . " The money that funded the rise of ISIS and other terrorist organizations came from countries that we now claim are allies , but which embrace religious ideologies that are similar in theory , if not always as openly brutal in practice  or at least on YouTube videos  as ISIS . Wahhabi and Salafi ideologies on the Sunni side , and the Iranian Ayatollahs ' own brand of systematic suppression of female liberties , all prevail in the states that gave birth to extremist groups . It is hardly encouraging , in this context , to hear President Erdogan of Turkey recently proclaim that women would never be equal to men -- this , right as the United Nations was gearing up for a 16-day campaign to bring awareness to violence against women worldwide  the United Nations estimates that a full third of women across the globe experienced acts of violence directed at their gender  . By aiding states that were actively supporting groups that merged with ISIS , the United States seems to have favored the short-term alignment of interests over the long-term alignment of principles . Making progress on women 's rights should be a criterion for our aid and protection . The linkage between aid and progress is not new . World Bank loans , for example , are already contingent on commitments to economic reform . And the Millennium Challenge Corporation , an independent U.S. foreign aid agency which is central in its role of setting policy , doles out aid based on various policy indicators , including civil liberties , child health and even girls ' primary education completion . But a stronger emphasis on progress towards gender equality would help clarify the importance this issue holds for the United States , and perhaps inspire other global institutions to make gender equality a priority . At this critical time , it is vital that we react with clarity to the rise in brutality towards half of humanity . We must realize that only a policy that puts our money where our mouth is on the question of gender equality will effectively promote tolerance and stability . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Authors : Terrorists in many nations oppose gender equality They argue the U.S. should orient its foreign policy to favor pro-equality regimes Nations that wo n't commit to that goal do n't deserve American money or weapons , they say
CNN  -- CNN 's Drew Griffin interviewed Dan Holman of Missionaries to the Preborn Iowa about the recent murder of Dr. George Tiller , whose women 's clinic frequently took center stage in the debate over abortion . Tiller was shot and killed while serving as an usher at his Wichita , Kansas , church Sunday morning , according to police . Below is a transcript of Holman 's interview . Drew Griffin : Dan , first off -- tell me about your group , and what you guys do and the name of it . Dan Holman : OK . We are Missionaries for the Preborn Iowa . There -LSB- are -RSB- a number of Missionaries of Preborn . The group in Milwaukee is our judiciary of preborn . And we speak up for preborn child in different venues including the abortion rallies and on the street , political venues . And media types and venues like we are doing right now . Drew Griffin : When you heard the news over the weekend about the abortion doctor -- that I 'm sure you are well aware of -- was shot and killed , what was your reaction ? Dan Holman : I was cheered by it because I knew that he would n't be killing any more babies . And I expect that would happen when all legal and moral -- legal ways of trying to stop it has been exhausted , as they have tried to prosecute him for giving abortions to people in violation of Kansas law . Drew Griffin : When you say you were cheered by it , is there any inconsistency in your thought in that you are trying to protect life and at the same time here 's this doctor who was shot and killed and in your own words you are cheered by that ? Dan Holman : No , because I 'm protecting innocent life . I 'm not -- and the doctor or the abortionist is guilty of murder as far as I 'm concerned . It 's no different for him to be killing a preborn child or a post-born child . The preborn child is entitled to the same rights , privileges and protections as a post-born child . Drew Griffin : So , you support this killing ? Dan Holman : I do n't advocate it , I do n't support it . But I do n't condemn it , and I believe that what he did was justifiable . Drew Griffin : You told me earlier that he -- meaning the shooter -- he did what the law should have done ? Dan Holman : Right , exactly . The law should have protected the preborn child ; and the law is supposed to execute vengeance , you know , in protecting the child . But what the man did was not execute vengeance , as far as I 'm concerned . He was protecting preborn children , ones that are slated for abortion today and the future . I do n't feel that what he did is vengeance . Drew Griffin : Do you seek this fate on all doctors performing abortions out there ? Dan Holman : I believe that all abortionists are deserving of death , and they are not the only ones . There are politicians and judges and others who support this murder that are also deserving of death . Drew Griffin : Would you care to name names , Dan ? Dan Holman : George Bush , Barack Obama . Any politician that gives our tax money to Planned Parenthood and organizations that kill babies are participating in the killing of innocent children deserve the same penalty . Drew Griffin : Huh . And you , again , stage a weekly protest at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Iowa City . Your wife has been banned from doing that ? Dan Holman : Right . She has a -- they -- she 's received an injunction from being there . Drew Griffin : But you will be there this Wednesday ? Dan Holman : I will be there this Wednesday . Drew Griffin : And you were at Notre Dame ? Dan Holman : Yes , and we were at -LSB- unintelligible -RSB- before that . Drew Griffin : Right . All right . Well , Dan , thank you so much for the interview .	Dan Holman says his group speaks for preborn children in different venues Holman : "  I believe all abortionists are deserving of death " Holman : Politicians who give tax money to groups that do abortions deserve death
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military says security forces have taken back the city of Mingora from the Taliban , calling it a significant victory in its offensive against the Taliban . Pakistani solders escort a suspected Taliban militant inside an army base in Mingora . Mingora is the largest city in Pakistan 's Swat Valley where security forces have been fighting the Taliban in a month-long offensive . "  It is a great accomplishment , " said Pakistani Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas . "  This is the largest city in Swat and for all practical purposes , Mingora has been secured . " Abbas said militants put up a stiff resistance , but their resistance weakened as troops moved in . Abbas told CNN pockets of militants remain just outside Mingora . The fighting has uprooted about 2.4 million Pakistanis from their homes in the northwestern region of the country , according to the latest data from the United Nations . Of those displaced , about 10 percent -- or 240,000 -- are living in refugee camps , according to the U.N. . The announcement that the military has pushed the Taliban out of Mingora comes after days of Taliban attacks in other areas in the country . The military issued a press release on Saturday saying that 25 militants and a soldier were killed in fighting across the region over the last 24 hours . Pakistani authorities increased security throughout Islamabad on Friday after a string of deadly bombings in Lahore and Peshawar , and a threat by the Taliban to carry out further attacks . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's suicide attack in Lahore on a building housing police , intelligence and emergency offices . Twenty-seven people were killed . The militant group also threatened to continue attacking cities in Pakistan until the military ends its operations against Taliban militants in the country 's northwest .	Pakistani military says it has taken back key Swat Valley city of Mingora Army spokesman says operation is a "  great accomplishment " Fighting in northwestern region has displaced about 2.4 million Pakistanis Pakistan raises security levels after deadly blasts in Lahore , Peshawar
London  CNN  -- A lawyer for numerous alleged victims of phone hacking by journalists has confirmed that he plans to launch legal action in the United States against media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . Mark Lewis told CNN Friday he expects an initial hearing to be held in New York in about two to three months , as he seeks to begin legal claims in the United States . This summer 's scandal around claims of phone hacking by journalists working for the now-defunct News of the World -- run by News International , the British arm of News Corp. -- rocked public confidence in the media , police and politicians . Police in London are now investigating the hacking claims as well as allegations of bribery of police . Senior News Corp. executives have denied that wrongdoing among the company 's staff was widespread . Separately , former News of the World editor Andy Coulson has filed a lawsuit against News Corp. , his lawyer , Jo Rickards , confirmed to CNN Friday . Rickards did not give elaborate on the subject of the lawsuit . Coulson , who resigned as editor when two News of the World employees were jailed for hacking royal voice mail in 2007 , went on to work as Prime Minister David Cameron 's spokesman , but resigned when the police launched their new phone-hacking investigation in January this year . He denies knowledge of wrongdoing while he was editor . He is among a dozen people to have been arrested and released on bail by police investigating claims that many celebrities , politicians and victims of crime had their phones hacked . Lewis ' clients include the family of Milly Dowler , a missing teenager whose voice mail was allegedly hacked before she was found murdered . Public outrage over the allegations led News International to shut down News of the World in July . "  We have been speaking to U.S. lawyers to make applications to U.S. courts in order to assist the investigation of this matter and are looking to pursue legal action on the basis of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States , whereby a holding company can be liable for practices outside the jurisdiction where the offence is said to have taken place , " Lewis said . "  Proceedings will be issued in the U.S. where we will seek information from the company 's directors about those issues and about corporate governance . " This action was being pursued "  because it is in our clients ' interests to pursue their cases as thoroughly and properly as possible , " Lewis said . He added that "  compensation is likely to be higher from U.S. courts than courts in the UK . " John Kelly , a lawyer at Schillings law firm , which represents Steve Coogan and other suspected celebrity hacking victims , told CNN its clients have not yet joined the lawsuit against News Corp. in the United States but are interested in the idea . Another lawyer for a number of alleged hacking victims , Mark Thomson , told CNN his clients were pursuing claims in the English civil courts but did not intend to take action in U.S. courts . Earlier this week , a News International statement confirmed it was involved in "  advanced negotiations with the Dowler family regarding their compensation settlement . " CNN 's Jonathan Wald and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Andy Coulson is taking legal action against News Corp. , his lawyer says Lawyer Mark Lewis says an initial hearing may take place in New York this fall News Corp is the parent company of the publishers of News of the World Outrage over claims of phone hacking by the newspaper 's journalists led to its closure
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Boko Haram failed attempts to seize the key Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Sunday , the militants ' second attack there in a week . Islamist extremists tried to enter Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state , during a predawn attack after the army fought them off last week . Gunfire raged for hours outside the city , residents said . "  Fighting has been going on since 3 a.m. as Boko Haram battles soldiers and vigilantes , " said Mahmud Kyari , who lives in Maiduguri . "  Explosions and gunfire are all we hear . " The militants launched bomb and gun attacks from three points outside the city , but met stiff resistance from troops and vigilantes , residents said . Government officials said fighter jets were pounding the insurgents . "  Boko Haram gunmen have been routed and are on the run , " said Sadiq Balarabe , another resident . Soldiers repelled attacks in Maiduguri on January 25 , but the extremists seized the nearby town of Monguno and its military barracks . Monguno is 135 kilometers  85 miles  from Maiduguri . Both cities are near the Chad and Cameroon borders , which would give the militants an entry point into those countries . Monguno and its military post had served as a buffer to keep the militants away from Maiduguri . Its fall left Maiduguri vulnerable to capture by the militants . Borno Gov. Kashim Shettima said young people from the state joined the military and vigilantes in the fight to repel Boko Haram . The youths "  sacrificed their lives and moved to frontlines to support our gallant armed forces in a patriotic battle to defend the soul of Borno state and its people from being seized by determined insurgents , " he said in a statement . "  I am confident that as a people , we can overcome the threat of insurgents , " Shettima said . "  Borno is our land , we can not and we must not allow anyone push us out of our land . " The governor said he is not asking citizens to take justice into their own hands , but to register and get training to support the military . The latest attacks come as Nigeria prepares for elections February 14 . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in the nation last month to call for peaceful voting . In neighboring Yobe state , a suicide blast Sunday outside the home of a prominent politician killed seven people and injured several others , a police officer and witnesses said . Sabo Garbu , a candidate of Nigeria 's ruling Peoples Democratic Party , was not injured in the explosion . It occurred while he was holding a meeting with his campaign team at his home in Potiskum town . "  We were outside the house when a bus pulled over and an unkempt man was pushed out , " said Tijjani Mamman , who was among a crowd of supporters outside the home at the time of the blast . "  The bus drove off and before anybody realized what was happening , the man exploded . " Though one has claimed responsibility for Sunday 's blast , Boko Haram has carried out a spate of suicide attacks in Potiskum in recent weeks . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , as well as bombing government buildings . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano , Nigeria . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	A suicide blast outside the home of a prominent politician kills 7 Soldiers repelled attacks on Maiduguri on January 25
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee has stripped American cyclist Tyler Hamilton of his 2004 gold due to doping and ordered him to return the medal that he won in the Athens Olympics . "  Hamilton , 41 , who finished first in the men 's individual time trial and 18th in the men 's road race at Athens 2004 , was disqualified from those events after he admitted to having used performance-enhancing drugs in advance of the Games , " the IOC said in a press release Friday . The IOC also ruled that the riders who finished behind Hamilton in the individual time trial in Athens will now be moved up in placement . That means Russian Ekimov Viatcheslav Ekimov will now get the gold medal , and American cyclist Bobby Julich will get the silver . Michael Rogers of Australia , who finished fourth , will now get the bronze . Hamilton made headlines last year when he accused fellow American cyclist Lance Armstrong of doping . Armstrong , Hamilton 's former teammate , has strongly denied those allegations . London 2012 : The women 's Olympics ? The highs and lows of the 2012 Olympic ` crying games ' Complete coverage : 2012 Olympic Games	IOC : Tyler Hamilton admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs before the 2004 Games The IOC says riders who finished behind Hamilton in Athens will now be moved up Hamilton has accused Lance Armstrong of doping ; Armstrong strongly denied the allegations
CNN  -- The reaction to this announcement could be truly outrageous . The 1980s cult cartoon series  not to mention a series of dolls  "  Jem and the Holograms " has an official release date : October 23 , 2015 . "  G.I. Joe Retaliation " director Jon Chu is taking on the project , and he announced an online talent search back in March . Long before "  Hannah Montana , " Jem was a rock star with a secret identity : Jerrica Benton . She and her all-girl band the Holograms were constantly locking horns with the Misfits  after all , they claimed in the theme song that "  their songs are better . " In the movie , Jem will be played by Aubrey Peeples  "  Sharknado "  , and well-known actresses Molly Ringwald and Juliette Lewis were also given roles . Can Chu bring a classic cartoon to the silver screen the same way he did with "  G.I. Joe ? " We 'll know about a year from now .	"  Jem and the Holograms " is headed to theaters October 23 , 2015 The movie is based on the cult favorite cartoon series from the 1980s An online talent search was announced back in March
CNN  -- Protesters shut down a San Francisco subway station Monday , angry about a transit police officer shooting a drunk man at a station earlier this month . A group called "  No Justice , No BART " -- which formed after the 2009 shooting of an unarmed passenger by a Bay Area Rapid Transit Police officer -- organized the spirited , albeit largely peaceful rally centered at the city 's Civic Center stop . That officer was eventually found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in Oscar Grant 's death . The transit system , known in San Francisco as BART , said on its website that the more recent shooting occurred July 3 , after police dispatchers got a call about "  a drunk who was unsteady on his feet and in danger of falling off the platform . " Two BART officers arrived on the scene at 9:45 p.m. And a minute later , the man -- later identified as 45-year-old Charles Hill -- was shot after a confrontation with police . The shooting victim was taken by paramedics to a local hospital , and pronounced dead later that night . In a subsequent statement , BART identified Hill as a "  suspect " who is "  said to have had no known address . " But the scores who attended Monday 's "  civil disturbance " loudly voiced their view that the Hill was a victim , who died without just cause at the hands of a transit police officer . With a slew of reporters , photographers and cameramen in sight , the demonstrators packed a BART train . They reeled off a number of chants including "  No justice , no peace " and "  Murderers , justice . " The protest prompted the BART system to halt service in and out of its Civic Center stop , the agency announced in an alert . The 16th Street Mission station also closed down , while major delays were reported all around the city . No one has been charged in the shooting , which is the sixth in the system 's 40-year history , according to BART . Yet while there has been no admission of police wrongdoing , the San Francisco transit system has charged its "  first-ever Independent Police Auditor , " according to a statement posted Monday on its website . Mark Smith -- who was hired in part to promote public confidence in BART in the wake of the 2009 shooting -- had been on the job for all of one week when Hill 's shooting occurred . "  It is a great relief that the independent auditor is in place to reassure the public that the investigation into the officer-involved shooting is conducted with the highest integrity and greatest level of transparency , " BART board president Bob Franklin said .	A group called "  No Justice , No BART " organizes a protest at a BART stop They are angry about a BART officer 's fatal July 3 shooting of 45-year-old Charles Hill No one has been charged in the shooting ; an "  independent auditor " is investigating
CNN  -- She was getting out of the car one autumn day in 2009 , about to have lunch with a colleague , when Este Osofsky-McGonigle felt something pop in her neck . "  It was something so strong I could n't talk for a couple of minutes , " recalls the New York school psychologist . But it passed , and she regained her speech . The rest of the day and night elapsed normally , but at 9:30 the next morning , as Osofsky-McGonigle finished up a meeting at work , her right arm went numb . She went into her office and tried to write a letter , "  Dear So-and-So . " But when she picked up the pen and tried to write the letter "  D , " the pen just slid across the paper . Osofsky-McGonigle tried again , but the same thing happened . "  The 'D ' went crazy , " she said . Fortunately , Osofsky-McGonigle could still run -- and she did , running the whole length of the school building , seeking a friend who sent her to the school nurse . The nurse checked for a pulse in Osofsky-McGonigle 's right arm , but found none . By the time she reached the hospital 15 minutes later , she could not lift her right arm or leg , speak or understand words . Osofsky-McGonigle , at 47 and in near-perfect health , was having a stroke . What happens during a stroke The "  pop " she felt in her neck the day before was her carotid artery tearing , a rare event called a carotid dissection . The carotid artery is the main artery supplying blood to the brain . A blood clot formed after the dissection , and a piece of it likely broke off and traveled into an artery in her brain , blocking blood supply and resulting in an ischemic stroke , explained Dr. Daniel Antoniello , the attending neurologist at Montefiore Medical Center who treated Osofsky-McGonigle . Ischemic stroke , which results from a blocked blood vessel , is the most common type of stroke and represents about 87 % of all strokes , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Hemorrhagic strokes , which involve bleeds in the brain , make up the remainder . Most of the 800,000 strokes that occur in the United States each year occur among people age 65 and older , the CDC says . Unfortunately , doctors are seeing more and more strokes in younger people , partly because of the continuing epidemic of childhood obesity , early onset diabetes and cholesterol and hypertension issues , said Antoniello . No one knows why Osofsky-McGonigle 's artery tore , especially at such a young age . She had not suffered a recent injury , nor did she have any traditional risk factors for vascular disease such as high cholesterol or high blood pressure . She may have simply been unlucky -- but after that , she was as lucky as any stroke survivor could be . Timing is the main factor determining whether a person lives or dies -- or lives with a severe disability -- after a stroke . May is National Stroke Awareness Month . Thanks to the alert school nurse , Osofsky-McGonigle made it to the emergency room about an hour and 20 minutes after her first symptoms . That left doctors plenty of time to administer the only approved treatment for ischemic stroke -- a clot-busting drug known as tissue plasminogen activator , or tPA . Generally speaking , tPA is only effective and only given within a 4.5-hour time window after stroke symptoms appear , said Antoniello . About an hour after that , Osofsky-McGonigle underwent a procedure in which doctors threaded a catheter through an artery in her groin all the way up into her brain . Once the catheter reached the clot , doctors squirted more tPA directly into the clot . Stroke victims do n't call 911 , delay crucial treatment "  That dissolved the clot and restored blood flow , " Antoniello said . Still , no one knew how well Osofsky-McGonigle would recover . After the procedure , she was in intensive care . The next day , she still could n't speak or understand anything . On the second day , when Antoniello asked her to name some simple objects in her hospital room -- a pen , glasses , a watch -- she could not utter the words . "  She would try , but a jumbled mess would come out , " he said . Osofsky-McGonigle had aphasia , a common outcome of stroke in which parts of the brain related to language , including reading , writing and talking , are damaged . Although some people experience a full recovery from aphasia , others only get part of their previous abilities back . How well a person recovers from stroke is highly variable and highly individual , Antoniello said . By the third day , though , Osofsky-McGonigle , who was also starting to move her right arm and leg , could name one or two simple items -- and her recovery took off from there . She was moved to a rehabilitation facility . At first , she made mistakes identifying family and friends , but soon could state who everyone was . "  That was a big promotion for me , " she said . As soon as she got home , she said , she was bossing her husband , Ray , and son Zachary around . "  I said , ` Zachary , get the radio off , ' but it was the TV I was talking about , so he said , ` It 's the TV , not the radio . ' I said , ` OK , get the TV off . ' Osofsky-McGonigle started driving again and went back to work in early December 2009 , a mere five weeks after her stroke . By any standard , she experienced an astounding recovery . "  It is absolutely remarkable that someone like her had such a severe impairment and then went back to work as a psychologist two months later , " Antoniello said . "  There are not many people that make recoveries like her . " Once blood flow was restored , the damaged parts of Osofsky-McGonigle 's brain started to "  come back on board , " he said . Later on , different parts of her brain may have rewired for any areas that were permanently damaged . Today , she shows no evidence of a speech impairment . She attributes much of her recovery to determination . "  I could n't afford to deteriorate , " she said . "  I had a lot of things in my life lined up and I could n't afford to be in any way less than what I was . " Robotic system may help stroke patients	Este Osofsky-McGonigle had a stroke in 2009 at age 47 Timing is the main factor in determining whether someone survives a stroke Her doctor calls her recovery remarkable ; she says it was determination May is National Stroke Awareness Month
CNN  -- The makers of BlackBerry devices , Research in Motion , are gearing up for a fight they ca n't afford to lose . On Wednesday at a press event in New York , the company will finally unveil its new smartphone operating system , BlackBerry 10 , and a pair of new handsets -- one with a physical keyboard and another that 's all touchscreen . But are there enough BlackBerry fans left out there to embrace a new kind of smartphone from a company that has fallen woefully behind the competition , both in sales and innovation ? Many BlackBerry users in the United States are stuck with the device because it is issued by their employer , which has led to a cumbersome trend of people carrying two devices : a work phone and a personal one . To succeed , RIM must persuade diehard BlackBerry fans to upgrade to something radically new . BlackBerry also must woo corporations by emphasizing security and support features while distinguishing itself from the leading smartphone platforms , iOS and Android , and the other new kid , Windows Phone 8 . "  They need to get everything absolutely right , from the design of the hardware to the UI  user interface  of the hardware to the number of applications to the price of the applications , " said Carolina Milanesi , an analyst at Gartner . Unlike Microsoft , which cut its teeth on Windows Phone 7 and sunk huge amounts of money into polishing and marketing Windows Phone 8 , the troubled RIM needs its new platform to be a success the first time out . It has been a rough couple of years for the Canadian company . Unable to keep pace with the rich app store selections and slick design of iOS and Android devices , RIM has hemorrhaged users in the United States . The company 's public image has suffered , as chunky BlackBerry phones became a popular target for mocking by the press and iPhone owners in coffee shops , bars and meeting rooms . A widespread network outage in 2011 did n't help . The financial impact was brutal . Over the course of a year , RIM 's sales volume dropped 51 % , according to the company 's third quarter 2012 earnings , and in July , RIM announced plans to cut 5,000 jobs . Part of this plunge could be spun as customers waiting for the next generation of BlackBerry devices . The BlackBerry 10 platform was announced in May , along with plans to roll out products by the end of 2012 . But the date was pushed back , and the company missed out on the lucrative holiday season and corporations ' IT planning for 2013 . "  The delay has not helped them . Corporations that have decided to move away from RIM already made that call for 2013 . " said Milanesi , who believes corporations will be the key to RIM 's survival . Real vs. virtual keyboards It 's a different world now than when the first waffle-shaped BlackBerry caught on in the early to mid-2000s . At the top of its game , the BlackBerry had cachet . Its users were workaholics , such as high-powered executives and members of Congress , and they were adept at composing full-length missives on the small keyboard with one hand while walking and talking . But in recent years a new trend has swept many of the large corporations that issued BlackBerrys . Now many employees bring in their desired devices , usually iPhones or high-end Android phones , from home and use them for work instead of taking what 's doled out by the IT department . RIM recognizes that its core customers are highly regulated industries such as government and finance , which have struggled with mobile security issues . On Wednesday , the company released BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 , a device-management system for corporations and government agencies that can support company-issued devices as well as employees ' personal smartphones . RIM also is promoting another feature , BlackBerry Balance , which sets up separate profiles for work and personal apps and data on a single device . The brand 's traditional focus on IT-friendly support , security and e-mail productivity will likely still appeal to companies . But RIM also needs to liven up its line of phones with great apps and smart-looking hardware . RIM still has loyal fans outside IT departments , like speed typists hooked on the phones ' physical keyboard . The BlackBerry was one of the first devices to combine e-mail and a mobile phone in a way that made it possible to do real work . For many BlackBerry users , that level of productivity was never quite matched by the next generation of touchscreen smartphones , kicked off by the iPhone in 2007 . When the first iPhone debuted , a common criticism was that it could n't be taken seriously as a work device because it did n't have a "  real " keyboard . There was a sharp learning curve , and typing required getting used to the autocorrect features that were supposed to compensate for stray fingertips . Eventually the the new school of touchscreen smartphones won out , thanks to powerful features the BlackBerry could n't touch , such as stocked app stores , stunning games and full Internet browsers . The features that appeal to the remaining BlackBerry fans are the ones that make the devices good for communicating quickly , like pounding out e-mails on the full QWERTY keyboard or using the BlackBerry Messenger service . "  RIM has always built a device you use 300 times a day for 10-20 seconds at a time . Their goal is to add seconds back into your day , " said Kevin Michaluk , editor of CrackBerry.com , a site for BlackBerry fans . But a new phone that lacks the signature keyboard could be a hard sell for BlackBerry fans who have managed to resist the siren song of touchscreen devices . "  The difficulty is that the people who are left over are the people who are happy with what they have today , " said Milanesi . What 's coming at Wednesday 's launch RIM is expected to cover its bases by introducing two devices -- one joining the mainstream with an all-touchscreen display and another keeping the keyboard . The release dates for the new products have n't been announced , but Michaluk thinks RIM could make a touchscreen phone available first in an attempt to convert the curious keyboard faithful . The BlackBerry 10 operating system will still emphasize work productivity with a BlackBerry Hub feature that collects e-mail and other messages in one spot . A voice assistant will do its best Siri impersonation , and mobile payments will get a boost with built-in NFC . App selection is another key area that BlackBerry must address . BlackBerry App World , its online store , has about 100,000 apps , compared to more than 700,000 each for Android and Apple . Historically , the company has been known as an inhospitable place for small outside developers . But as part of its internal shakeup , RIM has drastically revamped its developer relations program . Led by Alec Saunders , the group has been actively courting developers ahead of next week 's launch with tools that make it easy to port over Android apps and programs like Built for BlackBerry , which offer incentives for apps made for the BlackBerry 10 platform . RIM is extending the deadline for the Built for BlackBerry program after it says it received 19,000 submissions . Saunders has stated the company wants to have more apps at kickoff than the other smartphone platforms originally launched with . However , many big developers will likely wait to see the initial reaction to BlackBerry 10 before sinking money into creating apps for the new system . Developers might be more optimistic about RIM 's international potential . In Europe , where the BlackBerry brand has faired slightly better over time than in the United States , carriers still offer extremely competitively priced data plans for the devices , giving the phones an edge with companies that have international business travelers , according to Milanesi . According to IDC , BlackBerry 10 is set to battle it out with Windows Phone 8 for the No. 3 smartphone operating system worldwide in 2013 , behind Android and Apple 's iOS . While its grip has slipped in North America , BlackBerry has maintained a strong presence in such far-flung places as Indonesia , Nigeria , South Africa , Mexico and some South American countries . Michaluk thinks that RIM 's decision to delay its big BlackBerry 10 launch until after Windows Phone 8 debuted could yield unexpected advantages . "  Being the newest platform on the block , they can look at what everybody 's doing , what 's good and bad , " said Michaluk . RIM will have to convince existing users that BlackBerry 10 and its new phones are worth sticking around for , but those last vestiges of BlackBerry 's fan base probably wo n't be enough to keep the company afloat . The company also must lure back past BlackBerry users who have moved on to newer platforms , and present itself as a reinvigorated alternative to iOS , Android and Windows Phone 8 . Even then , there 's no guarantee it will work . Said Milanesi , "  They can still do everything right and not succeed because of how competitive the environment is out there . "	New BlackBerry 10 operating system being unveiled at RIM event Wednesday The company must appease its corporate base while winning over Android and iOS users This could be the company 's last opportunity to cling to its No. 3 spot in the smartphone market
CNN  -- Sydney is known around the world for its spectacular beauty and relaxed cosmopolitan lifestyle . The Australian city 's waterways are its premier attraction with stunning beaches and a magnificent harbor . Next week all eyes will turn to the sea for a grueling sporting event -- the ` Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race ' . On Boxing Day , a fleet of 89 yachts will take part this year in the 628 nautical mile journey down the eastern Australian coast . As the competitors put in their final preparations , find out how to make the most of Sydney 's lavish waterways . SEE . . . . the start of the Sydney to Hobart Sydney Harbor is the focal point for many of the city 's celebrations whether it is for New Year 's Eve fireworks or Australia Day ferry races . But another that 's not to be missed is the start of the ` Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race ' . Tens of thousands of leisure boats of all sizes follow the fleet out of the harbor and through the headlands . But if you 're not lucky enough to be on the water for the starting gun , you can still take part , by joining the hundreds of thousands of people who head to the foreshore in the city 's eastern and northern suburbs . . . a show at the Sydney Theatre Company With Oscar-winning actress Cate Blanchett and her director-husband Andrew Upton as its artistic directors , you 're guaranteed to see a quality production here . Its location is equally as spectacular as the performances , with the company based at The Wharf on the harbor in Walsh Bay . . . animals with an impressive view At Taronga Zoo , the inhabitants enjoy some of the best real estate in the city . Giraffes have uninterrupted views of the harbor bridge and birds look on to the Opera House . But it 's not just for the animals to enjoy ; Taronga Zoo is worth a visit for anyone wanting to get close to some wildlife without leaving the city . . . some free entertainment Every January the Sydney Festival kicks off with a range of activities to entertain from music gigs to circus acts dotted around the city . On the first night in particular there are many free events for people of all ages . DO . . . . a tour of the Opera House ` The Sydney Opera House ' , sitting on the harbor 's edge , is the city 's most iconic building . The best place to view this amazing feat of architecture is from the water , but it 's just as impressive on the inside as it is out . ` The House ' is home to operas , ballet , orchestral performances and even rock concerts . Backstage tours are available for those keen to see how they are all put together . . . the Harbor Bridge climb ` The coathanger ' as it is affectionately known is a major roadway connecting Sydney 's east and north . However the bridge has become more than just a thoroughfare , it is a symbol of the city . You can climb over the bridge with experienced leaders guiding you the way . Most people recommend going at dusk or dawn to witness the most amazing skyline . . . the Bondi to Bronte walk Ask any Sydneysider where they would take a visitor and this would be it . The coastal walk stretches for about four kilometers between the two beautiful white sandy beaches . It takes you along the cliff tops , darting in and out of smaller eastern suburb beaches . In the spring you can take in some art at the same time with the free exhibition ` Sculptures by the Sea ' . . . take a dip in the Pacific No visit to Sydney is complete without a swim in the ocean . Sydney is packed with beautiful beaches or swimming spots . Drop an anchor at Nielsen Park and dive off your boat in this charming harbor inlet or go for a surf at one of the city beaches such as Manly in the north or Tamarama in the east . Exploring Australia 's ` wild west ' coast EAT . . . . where you can park your boat ` Doyles ' is located on a small harbor beach in Sydney 's east . Boaties can drop passengers off at the wharf or pull their boat up to the sand to make the most of the stunning Watsons Bay location . Known for its famous fish and chips , this century-old restaurant has been run by the same family for five generations . . . with the rich and famous Woolloomooloo Wharf in the inner-city is the best place to spot a celeb in Sydney . The historic finger wharf has been turned into a luxury hotel and apartments , with some of the city 's finest restaurants located within . Diners can enjoy opulent meals at one of the eateries , such as ` Otto Ristorante ' or ` China Doll , ' while taking in the city skyline and watching magnificent yachts moor at the wharf . . . where you can be seen Tourists mingle among the glamor set at Australia 's most famous beach , Bondi . ` North Bondi Italian ' is a stylish restaurant located just meters from the sand . On a warm summer 's evening the queues can be quite long , so for a more relaxed and much cheaper option you can head upstairs to the North Bondi RSL . This servicemen 's social club is open to visitors and has the same stunning views as its more sophisticated neighbor . . . a picnic on the foreshore There 's no better way to appreciate Sydney 's stunning harbor and beaches than making up a picnic and hitting the water . Take your boat to Sydney 's Fish Markets and stock up on some fresh seafood before sailing along the harbor . If you want to get some sand in your toes at the same time , you can pick up some takeaway from ` The Bathers Pavilion ' at Balmoral Beach and soak in the tranquil atmosphere with a few gourmet treats . DRINK . . beer with the best view Sydney 's historic Rocks precinct is in the shadows of the Harbor Bridge . Located in the heart of it is ` The Glenmore Hotel ' . This rustic pub is a true reflection of Australia 's English colonial past . While the watering hole looks like many others in the area , it 's the pub 's rooftop , with views of the ` The Sydney Opera House ' and bridge , which sets it apart . . . wine in a back alley Sydney 's newly relaxed licensing laws have seen sophisticated wine bars pop up all over the city . The small and inviting ` Love Tilly Devine ' in the inner city suburb of Darlinghurst is tricky to find , even for locals . Named after a 1920s brothel madam , ` Love Tilly Devine ' is tucked away in a tiny alleyway , where many of her ` girls ' once frequented . . . a cocktail in the sky ` Blu bar on 36 ' boasts its cocktails menu is designed by a team of world champion "  mixologists " . The exclusive bar is on the 36th floor of the luxurious ` Shangri-La Hotel ' in the Central Business District . Here you can sip a Mai Tai while soaking in Sydney 's skyline .	The Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race begins on Boxing Day Almost 90 yachts will take part in the 628 nautical mile journey Sydney is known for its beautiful waterways Visitors can eat , drink and play along the waters edge
CNN  -- Warner Bros. scored a huge victory in the long-running and byzantine legal battle over the copyright to Superman yesterday , thanks to a ruling by 9th Circuit Court of Appeals that cements the studio 's control over the lucrative superhero character . The decision drew , in part , on precedent established in a lawsuit against Facebook by the Winklevoss twins and held that a 2001 agreement between the heirs of Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel and Warner Bros was indeed binding and that a district judge in a 2008 case had "  erred " in granting the Siegel heirs partial copyright . This decision follows a ruling last October that denied any part of the copyright to the heirs of Superman 's other co-creator , Joe Shuster . Shuster and Siegel famously sold their creation to DC Comics for a mere $ 130 in 1938 , long before the character went on to become a multi-billion dollar franchise for the studio , thanks to the success of numerous Hollywood blockbusters , television shows and other merchandise . The recent ruling on the fate of Superman hinged upon a 2001 agreement between the Siegel heirs and Warner Bros , which the Siegels had claimed was not finalized and therefore not enforceable . In their decision on the case , the 9th Circuit repeatedly cited a lawsuit involving Facebook as precedent , wherein the Winklevoss brothers  $ " who sued the social media site for allegedly stealing their idea -- had similarly claimed that an earlier mediated agreement was non-binding . The court disagreed , and found that under California law , a "  term sheet " agreement could be enforceable "  even though everyone understood that certain material aspects of the deal would be papered later . " Jeff Trexler , an attorney and law professor who previously served as a clerk in the 9th Circuit , told Wired that while "  it 's entirely possible that the court would have reached the same outcome without the Facebook ruling ... Facebook made it practically inevitable . " Wired reached out for comment to Warner Bros , who responded : "  This is a great day for Superman , for his fans , for DC Entertainment and for Warner Bros. . Today 's ruling vindicates DC Comics ' long-held position that it entered into a binding agreement with the Jerry Siegel family in 2001 . The Court 's decision paves the way for the Siegels finally to receive the compensation they negotiated for and which DC has been prepared to pay for over a decade . We are extremely pleased that Superman 's adventures can continue to be enjoyed across all media platforms worldwide for generations to come . " The decision comes at a fortunate time for the studio , whose new Superman reboot "  Man of Steel " heads to theaters in June . Before the latest ruling , Warner Bros. would have been unable to create new "  derivative works " based on Superman 's first appearance in Action Comics # 1  $ " presumably including Superman films  $ " without accounting for the profits to the Siegels as co-owners , complicating plans for a potential Man of Steel sequel and the Justice League movie slated for 2015 . Now , Warner Bros. will likely be able to proceed without further hindrance , ending a nearly 65-year legal battle whose uglier moments included a letter from Siegel 's dying widow  the original model for Lois Lane  accusing the Warner Bros. lawyers of harassment and a still-ongoing lawsuit by Warner Bros. accusing the Siegel 's lawyer Marc Toberoff of misconduct . In 2011 , Jerry Siegel 's daughter Laura Siegel Larson published a letter likening her family 's legal battle with Warner Bros. to a "  David versus Goliath struggle " and said that her father had "  co-created Superman as the ` champion of the oppressed ... sworn to devote his existence to helping those in need ! ' But sadly his dying wish , for his family to regain his rightful share of Superman , has become a cautionary tale for writers and artists everywhere . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A ruling on the copyright to Superman was decided in part by Facebook ruling Appeals courts said Warner Bros 2001 deal with creator 's family is binding That 's similar to how court ruled in Facebook 's battle with Winklevoss twins Attorney says Superman ruling was "  inevitable " because of Facebook
CNN  Seventy-five years after its premiere at Atlanta 's Loews Grand Theater on December 15 , 1939 , "  Gone With the Wind " retains its hold on the popular imagination . Tourists to Atlanta long to see Tara .  Sorry , it does n't exist , though there is a Road to Tara Museum south of town , not to mention the Margaret Mitchell House , which showcases the apartment where Mitchell wrote the book . Its lines -- "  Fiddle-dee-dee , " "  Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , " "  Tomorrow is another day " -- are still widely repeated and parodied . And , in its monumental Hollywood-ness , it 's often held up as the pinnacle of one of the finest years in film history , 1939 . But the film is also incredibly divisive , partly because of the era it represents -- the South in the Civil War -- and partly because of its sheer , over-the-top bulk . Its racism is particularly unnerving in 2014 , a year in which American society has grappled with racial unrest over police treatment of African-Americans and other issues . Frankly , we still give a damn Here are some reasons to love and hate "  GWTW " : Love : It 's incredibly faithful to the book This is not a small point . The 1936 book -- all 1,037 pages of it -- was a phenomenon of Harry Potter proportions and audiences damn well wanted to see every last detail on screen . "  It is the picture for which Mr. Gallup 's American Institute of Public Opinion has reported a palpitantly waiting audience of 56,500,000 persons , a few of whom may find encouragement in our opinion that they wo n't be disappointed in Vivien Leigh 's Scarlett , Clark Gable 's Rhett Butler or , for that matter , in Mr. Selznick 's Miss Mitchell , " wrote The New York Times in a contemporary review . CNNMoney : How ` Gone With the Wind ' became America 's biggest blockbuster Hate : It 's incredibly faithful to the book The book may have been a huge best-seller , but it was not universally loved . Other writers disparaged it ; in a 1937 meeting of the American Writers Congress , the rank and file voted overwhelmingly for John Dos Passos ' "  The Big Money " as the best book of 1936 . "  GWTW " got one vote . Why ? It is sprawling and messy , traffics in clichs and is "  unforgivingly racist , " Time noted in 2011 . Hate : It 's , well , racist The black characters in "  GWTW " are walking stereotypes of slaves and maids . Black dramatist Carlton Moss compared it with "  The Birth of a Nation , " noting that "  GWTW " was just a quieter vilification of African-Americans : a "  rear attack " compared with "  Birth 's " direct approach . A "  weapon of terror against black America , " added the Chicago Defender . There were demonstrations against the film in some cities , and Hattie McDaniel , who won an Oscar for her performance , could n't even attend the Atlanta premiere with other celebrities because of segregation laws . The film 's portrayal of African-Americans still troubles -- partly , says Esquire 's Stephen Marche , because they 're still evident today . "  There are good blacks and insolent blacks . There are house blacks and there are field blacks . Whenever African-American characters are articulate , it is always meant as a comic surprise , " he writes . "  These are still the prejudices that bedevil representations of African-Americans on screen . " Love : It showcases a modern woman Scarlett O'Hara may live in the 1860s , but as many critics have observed , in her determination and independent spirit , she 's still relatable today -- and she was exceptional in 1939 . After all , this was a passionate woman who married three times , had her own business and -- despite being left alone at the end of the film -- refuses to wallow in her abandonment . "  Tomorrow is another day , " indeed . Watch rare footage from the premiere Love : It 's the peak of Hollywood filmmaking With its gorgeous photography , scene-grabbing acting , swelling Max Steiner score and overall operatic pitch , few films are as Technicolor brilliant as "  GWTW , " and perhaps nothing has matched it since . One scene that continues to be talked about decades later is the famous burning of Atlanta . Not only was it one of the most expensive scenes ever shot -- $ 25,000 , an enormous sum at the time -- but it also destroyed the sets for some previous movies , notably "  King Kong , " and prompted some area residents to call the fire department . But what emerges is a sense of the grand , tragic scale of the war . You can thank inventive production designer William Cameron Menzies for much of its success ; he had the idea to burn old sets for the Atlanta fire scene , he used color filters to highlight mood and he storyboarded the entire film in advance . Moreover , there 's the passionate but turbulent love story between Scarlett O'Hara  Vivien Leigh  and Rhett Butler  Clark Gable  that drives the movie forward . "  As few American films have , ` Gone With the Wind ' succeeds both as historical epic and as intimate drama , " wrote the Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Thomas in 1989 . Hate : It was n't even the best film of 1939 The year of "  Gone With the Wind " is often touted as the greatest year in Hollywood history , when no fewer than 10 films were nominated for best picture , including "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , " "  Stagecoach , " "  Wuthering Heights " and "  Dark Victory . " Of those , "  GWTW " took home the Oscar , but many critics would put the influential "  Stagecoach , " Jean Renoir 's "  The Rules of the Game " or even "  The Wizard of Oz " ahead of it . Moreover , though "  GWTW " has topped polls of Americans ' popular films in the past , including a 1977 American Film Institute survey , its popularity may be slipping . The epic is currently ranked No. 157 on the Internet Movie Database 's top 250 list , surpassed by "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " "  The Godfather " and "  Schindler 's List " -- and even "  Fight Club , " "  Forrest Gump " and , uh , "  Snatch . "  Yes , the Guy Ritchie film . "  No one I know of has yet solved the secret of this 1939 film 's apparently timeless appeal , though I 'd guess it has something to do with the elaborate mechanisms of fate , history and sex brought to bear on Scarlett , whose overweening libido must be punished as magnificently as it has been celebrated , " wrote film critic Dave Kehr . Love : Length "  Gone With the Wind " lasts 222 minutes -- that 's three hours and 42 minutes -- and many fans wish it were longer . When it had its premiere on commercial TV in 1976 , NBC ran it over two nights -- and received blockbuster ratings for both broadcasts , with almost two-thirds of the viewing public watching . Hate : Length 222 minutes ? And that does n't include the intermission . Hate : Its effect on history Thanks to its enormous popularity , "  GWTW " has been hard to escape -- especially in Atlanta , where Mitchell lived and died . And yet its glorification of the antebellum South is troubling to many critics , who believe it has hampered views of race . "  We like to think 1939 was a different world , a world divided from our own by a supposedly vast span of progressive enlightenment . Unfortunately , while 75 years in American life is enough to constitute several distinct epochs , it 's not long enough to kill off the country 's enduring prejudices , " wrote Esquire 's Marche . "  The movie is , in many ways , a repository of the originals that have shaped American culture 's tortured descriptions of race since . " Love : It 's still a powerful movie If you depend on movies for a clean , uncluttered and accurate view of history , you 'll be disappointed every time . Leave the history to the historians ; movies are storytelling , and few stories are as well told as "  Gone With the Wind . " As Roger Ebert noted in 1998 , "  It is still a towering landmark of film , quite simply because it tells a good story , and tells it wonderfully well . "	"  Gone With the Wind " opened 75 years ago Monday The movie is criticized for racism , celebrated for its filmmaking bravado "  GWTW " remains representative of golden era of Hollywood filmmaking
CNN  -- It was the scene of her first grand slam triumph in 2005 and where she roared out of retirement to complete a hat-trick of titles in 2009 and 2010 . But this year , the U.S. Open will serve as the swansong to Kim Clijsters ' rollercoaster career , and the popular Belgian is aiming to bow out with a fourth Flushing Meadows crown . "  I am  too old to play the game that I want to play physically , " the 29-year-old , who initially retired from the sport to give birth to her first child in 2007 , told the New York tournament 's official website . "  I 've put my body through enough strain and everything . The whole lifestyle , that 's what I 'm dealing with now , the lifestyle I 've had for the last 15 , 20 years . " The former world No. 1 turned pro in 1997 and has won 41 WTA Tour titles in addition to her three U.S. Open triumphs and her 2011 success at the Australian Open . "  I think for me the most important thing is I 've always followed my heart , " she continued . "  I 've always done what I felt was right . I 've always stayed true to who I am . "  Players change . There 's so many other things involved than just tennis and practicing . I think you see players kind of losing the true sense of life , and of the sport . " Clijsters took the sport by storm on her return in 2009 , winning the U.S. Open as a wildcard to become the first mother to take a grand slam title since Australia 's Evonne Goolagong Cawley in 1980 . She successfully defended her title 12 months on , before adding the Australian Open to her collection just five months later , beating China 's Li Na in the final . "  I did n't expect obviously when I started back after having Jada , I never expected that things would be going so well so soon , " she added . "  It 's been an incredible adventure these last three , four years . "  I feel like I 've been able to kind of finish that chapter of my tennis year on a good note . " Clijsters returned to the top of the world rankings in February last year , but her body began to let her down . She missed Wimbledon and the U.S. Open in 2011 with ankle , wrist and shoulder injuries , but was fit enough to play in her first Olympic tournament at London 2012 . Silver medalist Maria Sharapova defeated Clijsters in the quarterfinals , but she is now looking forward to bringing her career to a close at an event which has provided so many happy memories . "  I have no regrets . I know I always gave myself 100 percent , " she said . "  The US Open will be a special occasion for me to be playing there and to end my career there . I 'm sure it will be emotional . "	The U.S. Open will be the final grand slam of Kim Clijsters ' career The Belgian has won at Flushing Meadows three times in the last six years Clijsters took the tournament as a wildcard in 2009 after coming out of retirement The 31-year-old also claimed the title in 2005 and 2010 , but has struggled with injuries recently
CNN  -- Manchester United went top of the English Premier League on Saturday with a 2-1 win over Liverpool at Old Trafford , but it was Luis Suarez who grabbed the headlines again . Suarez , who was starting his first match since returning from an eight-match ban for racially abusing United defender Patrice Evra last October , refused to shake the French international 's hand as the team 's lined up before the match . Suarez fined , suspended over racist remarks It was the precursor to a fractious encounter with both sets of players reportedly clashing in the tunnel at halftime and having to be restrained after the final whistle . On the pitch , the game was ignited by Wayne Rooney who struck twice in three minutes at the start of the second half after a goalless first period . The England striker volleyed home in the 47th minute before latching on to a Antonio Valencia pass moments later to slot the ball past Pepe Reina . Liverpool 's attempts to half the deficit were rewarded with a Suarez goal in the 80th minute but a spirited search for an equalizer ended in vain . The arguments over the handshake incident went on after the match . Alex Ferguson called Suarez "  a disgrace " saying he should never be allowed to represent the Merseyside club again . Reds ' boss Dalglish refused to be drawn on the issue saying he had n't see it . The loss keeps Liverpool in seventh place on 39 points while United now have 58 points , one point more than Manchester City who travel to Aston Villa on Sunday . Harry Redknapp capped a highly satisfying week as he watched his Tottenham Hotspur side thrash Newcastle United 5-0 at White Hart Lane . Benoit Assou-Ekotto opened the scoring in the fourth minute , with recent signing Louis Saha doubling the lead two minutes later . Saha was on target again in the 20th minute with Niko Kranjcar adding a fourth ten minutes before halftime . Emmanuel Adebayor made it five in the 64th minute to complete the rout . The win consolidates Spurs ' grip on third place while leaving them five points behind leaders Manchester United . Chelsea slipped out of the top four as they lost to Everton 2-0 at Goodison Park . Steven Peinaar put the Toffees ahead in the fifth minute with Denis Stracqualursi adding a second midway through the second half . The result moves Everton up to 10th with 33 points while Chelsea drop to fifth behind Arsenal who beat Sunderland 2-1 at the Stadium of Light . Thierry Henry 's strike in stoppage time saw Arsene Wenger 's team take all three points after going behind to a goal from James Mclean in the 70th minute . Aaron Ramsey put the Gunners back on level terms before a volley by on-loan Henry sealed a dramatic victory and Martin O'Neill 's first home defeat since taking over as Sunderland boss in December last year . Blackburn Rovers bounced back from their 7-1 thrashing at the hands of Arsenal last week with a 3-2 win over Queens Park Rangers at Ewood Park . First-half goals from French midfielder Steven Nzonzi , Yakubu and an own goal from Nedum Onuoha proved enough to defeat Mark Hughes side despite two second half goals from his Scottish striker Jamie Mackie . The win lifts Blackburn to 18th level on 21 points with QPR who are two places higher thanks to a superior goal difference . Bottom-of-the-table Wigan also enjoyed a rare victory defeating Bolton Wanderers at the Reebok Stadium . Scottish defender Gary Caldwell put Wigan in front two minutes before the break . Mark Davies equalised in the 67th minute for Bolton but James McArthur 's 76th minute tap-in sealed Wigan 's fourth league win of the season . Roberto Martinez 's team remain in last place but are now only one point adrift of Bolton who switch places with Blackburn . Norwich City are up to eighth in the table after beating Swansea City 3-2 at the Liberty Stadium . Danny Graham put the hosts ahead in the 23rd minute before the Canaries hit back with three second-half goals -- two from striker Grant Holt , the other from Anthony Pilkington . Graham got his second of the match for Swansea three minutes from the end but it could n't deny Norwich their ninth league win of the season . Fulham moved level on 30 points with Stoke City after they beat Tony Pulis ' side at Craven Cottage . Pavel Pogrebnyak gave the Cottagers the lead in the 16th minute . Twelve minutes later Clint Dempsey 's strike was tipped onto the bar by Danish keeper Thomas Sorensen who then saw the ball rebound back onto him and into the net . Ryan Shawcross pulled one back for Stoke in the 78th minute but Fulham held on for all three points .	Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra feud ignited as Man Utd and Liverpool clash at Old Trafford Wayne Rooney scores a brace as United go a point clear at top of English Premier League
Dushanbe , Tajikistan  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton thanked Tajikistan 's president Saturday for his country 's support of efforts to defeat al-Qaeda and bring security to neighboring Afghanistan . Clinton later flew to Uzbekistan , where she discussed Afghanistan , human rights and economic ties . In her first visit to the central Asian country of Tajikistan , she also addressed concerns about human rights and the need to bring more economic opportunities during a town hall meeting earlier in the day . Clinton and President Emomali Rahmon "  talked about our work to improve Tajikistan 's security , particularly along the border with Afghanistan , and to combat drug trafficking , " Clinton told reporters Saturday . She praised Tajikistan 's progress in stopping human traffickers who force women and children to work in cotton fields without pay . But Clinton said the country still faces important challenges . "  Tajik citizens deserve the opportunity to receive a decent education , own land , practice whatever religion they choose , enjoy a free and independent media , and participate equally in the political process , " Clinton said at the town hall meeting , sponsored by the Aga Khan Development Network . "  And it is up to their leaders to ensure that fundamental freedoms , including religious freedom , are protected for all people : men and women , young and old . " Several reporters have been arrested in Tajikistan for reporting on corruption or the arrests of religious activists , a senior U.S. State Department official said . Clinton also said the barriers to increased trade are significant , "  but so is the potential . " "  That is why the United States supports what we 're calling the New Silk Road : a network of transit and trade connections that will open new markets for raw materials , energy , and agricultural products for every nation in the region , including Tajikistan , " she said . Tajikistan is one of the poorest countries in the region and was embroiled in civil war until 1997 . It shares a 1,400-kilometer border with Afghanistan , "  large parts of which are quite porous , " making the country vulnerable to extremists , a senior state department official said . "  The New Silk Road holds the potential to help spur growth , create jobs , invigorate the private sector , and integrate Tajikistan into the South and Central Asia economy , " Clinton said . "  It would also help bring stability to your neighbors in Afghanistan by expanding their economic ties throughout the region . " Clinton said the United States is working with the Aga Khan Development Network to support Pamir Energy in building an integrated energy grid along the Tajik-Afghan border . Pamir Energy is a cross-border electricity transmission project that is helping to light up two very remote provinces of Afghanistan and Tajikistan , the State Department said . Later , in Uzbekistan , President Islam Karimov expressed support for the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan , a senior U.S. State Department official told reporters . Clinton told Karimov that improvements were needed in the area of human rights , the official said . "  President Karimov commented that he wants to make progress on liberalization and democratization , and he said that he wants to leave a legacy of that for his -- both his kids and his grandchildren , " the official said . They also discussed Clinton 's planned visit to a General Motors plant and Uzbekistan 's desire for more U.S. investment and technology .	NEW : Clinton talks with the president of Uzbekistan about human rights In Tajikistan , she discusses the "  New Silk Road , " an initiative aimed at developing the region Clinton thanks the Tajik president for support in trying to defeat al-Qaeda and bringing security to Afghanistan She also addresses human rights concerns and the need for free and independent media
One of the most striking aspects of the massive protests that have broken out across Egypt is the intensity of the people 's anger directed at the Muslim Brotherhood . Welcome to the second wave of the Egyptian revolution . Millions of people have poured onto the streets , marking the first anniversary of Mohammed Morsy 's swearing-in as Egypt 's president with a demand that he step down immediately and make way for new elections . If Morsy refuses , they plan a campaign of civil disobedience that could paralyze the country . Now the army has stepped in with an ultimatum , telling Morsy he has 48 hours to satisfy the protesters ' demands . The organizers , a group known as Tamarod or "  rebel , " say they have already collected 22 million signatures in support of their demands . That 's far more than the 13 million votes Morsy -- the candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood -- received in the presidential election , and a sign that discontent has spread beyond the liberals , or former regime supporters . The opposition 's push for new elections has clearly capitalized on Morsy 's dismal record , particularly on the economy 's downward spiral and the chaotic security situation . But there 's more to this protest than a call for jobs , bread and safe streets . Morsy has few friends as deadline looms Underpinning the calls for change is a growing understanding of the meaning of democracy , and an increasingly pervasive sense that what Egypt has had under Morsy is not the system that Egyptians had in mind in 2011 when they overthrew a deeply entrenched dictatorship . When Egyptians poured into the streets in early 2011 , they wanted to topple Hosni Mubarak , the dictator who had ruled the country for three decades . They succeeded in ending dictatorship , but their revolution took a sharply different turn from the one envisioned by the young idealists who occupied Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Unlike the Brotherhood , Mubarak 's rule had no overarching ideology other than cementing his hold on power . The Brotherhood , by contrast , has a distinct ideology , and it is moving steadily , if gradually , to put it into place . It essentially wants to use its interpretation of Islam as the guiding principle for the individual , society and the state . And it ultimately wants to unify all Muslim states into one , to "  liberate them from foreign imperialism . " What happens to the Brotherhood in Egypt will affect Brotherhood parties across the region . Already its image of incompetence and noninclusiveness is a stain that will be difficult to erase . In Egypt , Islamist parties quickly moved to the forefront of the post-Mubarak political scene . The Ikhwan , as the Brotherhood is known , had a head start in political organizing . It competed on a stage where other parties had barely taken shape , vying for voters who had practically no experience with democracy . Not surprisingly , the Brotherhood won every election , although its margin of victory steadily narrowed . Liberal activists had struggled to explain to voters a number of basic democratic concepts , such as secularism , protection of minorities and rule of law . Now Morsy and the Brotherhood have done Egypt a great service by demonstrating what these ideas mean . Many Egyptian protesters accuse Morsy of governing for the benefit of the Muslim Brotherhood rather than for the country as a whole . A year under Morsy has shown some of the important yet subtle aspects of democratic rule , such as the fundamental concept that winning elections does not mean the winner gets to ignore all the concerns of the opposition . The Brotherhood 's intentions and Morsy 's credibility started to become troubling when they repeatedly broke their word . They vowed not to field a candidate for president , not to seek to control the parliament , not to try to dominate the constitution-writing process . And they broke every promise . Morsy 's reputation took a steep dive after he seized dictatorial powers in November . The protests forced him to reverse course , but he failed to lead the country through its "  Constitutional Moment , " the pivotal period in history when it has the opportunity to reach a national consensus -- much more than an electoral victory -- to write a constitution that is embraced as legitimate by the nation as a whole . Instead , Morsy and the Ikhwan have taken their thin electoral victory as justification for gradually expanding their hold on the country 's institutions . They rammed through a constitution that does not provide a strong guarantee of equality for women and for minorities . They have allegedly worked to suppress critical media , allowed inflammatory speech against non-Sunni Muslims , and rejected all criticism as work of foreigners and "  falool , " as nostalgic remnants of the Mubarak dictatorship are known . They have gone after nongovernmental organizations , seeking to hollow out the influence of grass-root groups , particularly those working on democracy education . Ironically , one year under a Muslim Brotherhood government has proven quite helpful in educating Egyptians about democracy . Morsy and the Ikhwan have inadvertently helped explain how in a democracy , the rights and the voices of minorities , even of election losers , must be heard . They have unwittingly shed some light on the complicated concept of secularism . In the first wave of elections , many voters thought if they were Muslim -- as most Egyptians are -- they should vote for the Muslim Brotherhood . And they thought secular was synonymous with atheist . Now they 're discovering how religion can be exploited for power . Egyptians accuse Morsy and the Brotherhood of engaging in a process of "  Ikhwaninzation , " a quest to take control of state institutions and impose their Islamist views on the population . Unfortunately for Morsy and the Brotherhood the protesters are more experienced this time around . Egyptians have learned that it 's not enough to topple a dictator . It is unclear where this second wave will lead . The opposition is still divided and its small component parts may still not be large enough to defeat an Ikhwan party in a new election . But the protests are a sign that the revolution is far from over , and this time its target is the Muslim Brotherhood .	Millions take to the streets to protest against Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy Frida Ghitis : What 's striking is the intensity of anger at the Muslim Brotherhood She says Egyptians realize that Morsy 's government is not living up to its promises Ghitis : The discontent and protests show that Egypt 's revolution is far from over
Mental Floss  -- We all want to live forever . But , chances are , you 'd rather forego a legacy altogether than have your name be synonymous with a goofy flub like a spoonerism or a dim-witted word like "  dunce . " You can find a saint under tawdry in the dictionary . For the following eponyms , we ask : Did these word-inspiring folks really deserve their drag through the linguistic mud ? 1 . Dunce Dictionaries do n't play fair , and John Duns Scotus is proof . The 13th/14th-century thinker , whose writings synthesized Christian theology and Aristotle 's philosophy , was considerably less dumb than a brick . Unfortunately for Scotus , subsequent theologians took a dim view of all those who championed his viewpoint . These "  Scotists , " "  Dunsmen , " or "  Dunses " were considered hairsplitting meatheads and , eventually , just "  dunces . " 2 .  slipping a  Mickey When you have to drug somebody against their will  hey , you got ta do what you got ta do  , it just would n't sound right to slip 'em a Ricardo , a Bjorn , or an Evelyn . It 's got ta be a Mickey . At the turn of the 20th century , Mickey Finn was a Chicago saloon owner in one of the seediest parts of town -- and he fit right in . Finn was known for serving "  Mickey Finn Specials , " which probably included chloral hydrate , a heavy sedative . After targeted customers passed out , Finn would haul them into his "  operating room " and liberate them of all valuables  including shoes  . Never a Host of the Year candidate , this Mickey seems to have thoroughly earned his legacy , so do n't hesitate to use it the next time you drug and rob your own customers . 3 . Spoonerism Reverend William Archibald Spooner  1844 -- 1930  was famous for his muddled one-liners . And though it 's hard to know which ones he actually said , lines such as "  I have a half-warmed fish " and "  Yes indeed , the Lord is a shoving leopard " still prove that the sound-switching flub is pretty charming as far as mistakes go . The spoonerism has even been used as a literary technique by poets and fiction writers , giving Spooner little reason to roll over -- or otherwise inarticulately protest -- in his grave . 4 . Lynch Although several Lynches  not including David  have been investigated by inquisitive etymologists , Virginia native Charles Lynch  1736 -- 1796  is most likely the man behind the murderous word . Lynch was a patriot , a planter , and a judge . But when he headed a vigilante court to punish Tories  British loyalists  during the American Revolution , he decided to play the roles of jury and executioner , too . Lynch has more than earned his besmirched name . In fact , he did half the besmirching himself by egotistically referring to his actions as "  lynch law " and "  lynching . " 5 . Shrapnel While battling Napoleon 's army , English General Henry Shrapnel  1761 -- 1842  noticed that original-flavor cannonballs just were n't massacring enough enemies for his liking . So , to get more shebang for his shilling , he filled the cannonballs with bullets and exploding charges . These "  shrapnel shells , " or "  shrapnel-barrages , " were pretty darn effective , and later designs proved even more successful in World War I. Shrapnel did n't get much credit for the "  innovation " during his lifetime , but he ultimately contributed to enough death and misery that he pretty much deserves to be synonymous with a violent , metallic byproduct of combat . 6 . Draconian A Lexis-Nexis news search shows that folks are still talking about "  draconian policies , " "  draconian penalties , " and , most frighteningly , "  draconian sex rules . " Though Athenian lawgiver Draco is not entirely confirmed to have existed , if he were real , then around 621 B.C.E. , he instituted two time-honored traditions : 1  writing laws down and 2  making laws that were batcrap-insane They include ascribing the death penalty to such atrocities as being lazy , whizzing in an alley , and stealing an apple . Apparently , he justified his measures with a sort of non-logic along the lines of , "  Jaywalkers deserve to die , and I ca n't do anything worse to mass murderers . So what 're you gon na do ? " 7 . Boycott In a nutshell ? Boycott got boycotted . Charles Cunningham Boycott  1832 -- 1897  was a retired English army captain who claimed his unwanted fame in 1880 when the Irish Land League decided to punish him for not lowering his rents . This then-new strategy , which was a mere paragraph in the Russian-novel-size saga of Irish land reform , was a kind of systematic shunning in which Boycott was cut off from servants , supplies , mail , and lifestyle free of death threats . He might have been an evil landlord , but if Boycott could see just how successful his name became , he 'd probably be a very sad , regretful , evil landlord . 8 . Tawdry The story of St. Audrey  also known as St. Etheldreda  is a classic example of how bad names happen to good people . St. Audrey was the daughter of the king of East Anglia  then the Norfolk section of Anglo-Saxon England  , who lived a monastery-founding , self-abdicating life . But , when she died of the plague in 679 , she was sporting a pretty nasty-looking tumor on her neck , which gossipmongers blamed on her penchant for wearing audacious necklaces in her youth . After her death , silk scarves called "  St. Audrey laces " were sold in her honor at Ely 's annual St. Audrey 's Fair . Then the British tendency for dropping letters and syllables took over , and Audrey became "  tawdry . " It was a short trip from there to the dictionary , and tawdry has been synonymous with gaudy ever since . 9 . Chauvinism Nicolas Chauvin was an early 19th -- century French soldier who was so patriotic and nationalistic , he gave patriotism and nationalism a bad name -- or at least a new name . A slave to the cult of Napoleon , Chauvin shed his fair share of blood for the emperor . How did Napoleon show his appreciation ? By giving Chauvin a ceremonial saber , a ribbon , and a pittance of a pension . Later , however , French dramatists began basing ber-patriotic characters on Chauvin , which paved the way for the soldier 's ultimate reward : a dubious spot in the English language . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some awful words named after real people Tawdry named for St. Audrey who wore audacious necklaces Draconian came from lawyer who wanted lazy put to death General Henry Shrapnel built more deadly cannonballs
Washington  CNN  -- A "  defiant " pregnant woman who was subjected to three Taser stun gun shocks by law enforcement officers after refusing to sign a speeding ticket will not get her appeal addressed by the Supreme Court . The justices without comment Tuesday rejected separate petitions from both Malaika Brooks and the Seattle Police officers sued for excessive force . The court also rejected a similar appeal from a separate plaintiff in Hawaii . Hundreds of such Taser-related lawsuits have been working their way through lower state and federal courts , but the Supreme Court so far has refused to address the issue of what the officers call "  a useful pain technique . " Brooks was seven months pregnant and driving her 11-year-old son to school in 2004 . Police clocked her going 32 miles per hour in a 20 mph school zone . She handed over her driver 's license but denied wrongdoing . A speeding citation was issued but the woman refused to sign it as state law required . Brooks later claimed she mistakenly believed signing the ticket was an admission of guilt . An argument ensued with two police officers . A federal appeals court later said , "  she remained defiant even after  Officer  Jones told her she 'd be arrested if she continued to refuse . " A police sergeant soon arrived and informed the motorist that force would be applied if she did not get out of her vehicle as ordered . Brooks refused . A Taser electro-shock weapon was displayed , and officers warned her it would be used if there was further resistance . Brooks explained her pregnancy , and later claimed one of the officers replied , "  Well , do n't do it in her stomach , do it in her thigh . " The Taser was applied in a "  drive-stun " mode three times in a one-minute span -- in her thigh , arm , then neck , according to court testimony . Brooks fell out of the vehicle , was dragged onto the street face down , and then was handcuffed . She gave birth weeks later to a healthy girl . Soon after , the then-33-year-old woman was cited for a misdemeanor , refusing to sign the ticket , but not for resisting arrest . She sued , claiming emotional and physical scars from the incident . A federal appeals court in San Francisco eventually issued a split decision , finding excessive force was used , but saying the officers could not be sued because "  it was not sufficiently clear " in the law at the time that what they were doing was a constitutional violation . First the judges found the force applied was unreasonable . "  The record unambiguously reflects that the officers knew about and considered Brooks 's pregnancy before tasing her , " said the ruling from October . "  Three tasings in such rapid succession provided no time for Brooks to recover from the extreme pain she experienced , gather herself , and reconsider her refusal to comply . " But on the immunity question , the officers were cleared from liability . Two judges said Brooks brought some of the problems on herself . "  The officers , for their part , were endlessly patient , despite being called liars and otherwise abused by Brooks , " said Chief Judge Alex Kozinski . "  They deserve our praise , not the opprobrium of being declared constitutional violators . The city of Seattle should award them commendations for grace under fire . " And Judge Barry Silverman noted force must sometimes be used even when the underlying offense is minor . "  No constitutional violation was shown . Brooks conceded that the police had the right to remove her from the car when she repeatedly refused to step out voluntarily , " said the judge . "  There are only so many ways that a person can be extracted from a vehicle against her will , and none of them is pretty . Fists , batons , choke holds , dogs , tear gas , and chemical spray all carry their own risks to suspects and officers alike . " A similar appeal heard by the judges came from Maui , when a 2006 domestic disturbance got out of hand after officers arrived on the scene . Jayzel Mattos was tased with a dart-mode device in a rapidly escalating and confusing scene inside a residence . She and her husband , Troy , were arrested on harassment , resisting arrest and obstruction charges , which were eventually dropped . The appeals court ruled the same : force was excessive , but the officers could not be sued . The appeals court rulings ultimately cleared the officers , but made clear future law enforcement use of a Taser and similar devices might be a constitutional violation of a suspect 's search-and-seizure rights . The Supreme Court has generally been tolerant of police use of force when dealing with belligerent or defiant individuals , but has not yet accepted any cases on the specific use of Tasers , a brand name from a company by the same name . The justices have noted similar excessive force claims are by nature fact-specific , and have usually been reluctant to substitute their hindsight judgment for the real-time decision-making officers must practice in a stressful , often dangerous situation . In an unrelated the 2007 ruling , the high court noted that while any "  attempt to craft an easy-to-apply legal test in the Fourth Amendment context is admirable , in the end we must still slosh our way through the factbound morass of ` reasonableness . ' Whether or not  an officer 's use of forceful  actions constituted application of "  deadly force , " all that matters is whether  the officer 's  actions were reasonable . " Tasers are handheld devices that use electric current to cause a disruption of physical control from "  neuromuscular incapacitation , " according to the company 's website . Some law enforcement agencies consider them a safer alternative to other forced-restraint methods , for both suspects and police . Brooks asked the high court to hold the officers liable for damages , while the officers asked the high court not to restrict future use of the forced-compliance and immobilizing tools . Their employer , the Seattle Police Department , had asked the justices to stay out of the case , worried it and other law enforcement agencies would be subject to a flood of personal injury claims . Brooks herself is continuing a separate state lawsuit seeking damages . The cases are Daman v. Brooks  11-898  ; Brooks v. Daman  11-1045  ; Agarano v. Mattos  11-1032  ; and Mattos v. Agarano  11-1165  .	Malaika Brooks sued Seattle Police officers , saying they used excessive force She refused to sign a speeding ticket because she thought doing so would admit guilt Justices rejected her appeal without comment , along with a petition from police officers
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A wheelchair-bound man who set off a homemade explosive inside Beijing Capital International Airport over the weekend was a petitioner airing grievances , Chinese state media reported . The man , identified as 34-year-old Ji Zhongxing , was hospitalized after suffering injuries to his arm , which were not considered life threatening , state-run news agency Xinhua said . The agency said Ji set off the explosive at the airport 's Terminal 3 on Saturday evening after he was stopped from handing out leaflets "  to get attention to his complaints " outside the arrival hall . He then warned people nearby to get away before setting off the device . No other people were injured and flights at the airport were not affected . The man from Heze city , in Shandong province , said on his personal blog in September 2006 that he had been attacked and beaten by security guards outside a police station in 2005 after carrying a passenger on his motorcycle . He was paralyzed after the incident and petitioned for official compensation . The attack took place while Ji was working in Dongguan , a factory town in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong . Guangdong provincial authorities said on Sunday that they would look into the alleged unjust treatment , The China Daily reported . However , the newspaper also reported that Dongguan police said Ji was not attacked and was instead injured when he fell off his motorcycle . Police in Ji 's home county said Dongguan authorities gave him 100,000 yuan  US$ 16,290  in compensation in 2010 . His family did not know about the bomb plot , Xinhua reported . A witness to the explosion told the Beijing Youth Daily that Ji did not throw the bomb after activating it but held it in his hands . Photos posted on the Chinese social media site Sina Weibo showed a man in a peach shirt holding aloft a white device . Subsequent images showed thick smoke billowing through the terminal . Authorities say the device was similar to fireworks , Xinhua reported . The man 's plight attracted some sympathy online . One user of the Twitter-like Weibo with the user name @Daidaibell said : "  He would only do it because they cornered him . If there 's other way , he would n't go to such an extreme . " In China , people often petition local and national authorities about their grievances . In previous cases , frustrated petitioners have taken violent action . One man , Yang Jia , had tried to file a complaint about his treatment by police . In 2008 , he stormed a Shanghai police station and killed six police officers . He was executed later that year . CNN 's Zhang Dayu , Feng Ke and Steven Jiang contributed to this report from Beijing .	A man in a wheelchair detonates a homemade explosive at Beijing airport The man suffered minor injuries , but no one else was injured Man was airing grievances related to an alleged beating in 2005 Authorities said they would look into "  alleged unjust treatment "
CNN  -- A rural Pennsylvania community will say goodbye Tuesday to seven children who were killed when their parent 's farmhouse went up in flames last week . The children -- ages 7 months to 11 years -- died March 8 when the fire fully engulfed the Mennonite family 's two-story house in Loysville , about 25 miles northwest of Harrisburg . Their parents were both outside the house at the time of the fire . Mother Janelle Clouse was milking cows in the barn and father Ted Clouse was making deliveries on his milk route . "  While mom 's milking cows , her 3-year-old daughter comes running into the barn and the 3-year-old tells the mother that there 's smoke inside the house , " Tom Pinkerton of the state police said last week . "  Mom leaves the barn , comes running out , sees that the house appears to be on fire . " The mother went to two neighbors ' houses before she could get someone to call 911 , he said . She then found her husband sleeping in his milk truck and they rushed back to the home to find their home engulfed in flames and firefighters trying to put out the blaze . The children -- six girls and a boy -- were found dead inside the house . The 3-year-old was the only child who survived . The funeral is scheduled for the Perry Mennonite Reception Center in Elliottsburg . Burial will be at the Church of the Living Christ cemetery . The fire sent shock waves through the central Pennsylvania community . "  It 's just hard to explain how somebody could lose their whole family in a wink of an eye like that , " Steve Orris , who works at an insurance company in Loysville , said last week . "  It 's just unbelievable . " "  Everybody I 've talked to here ... has felt a lot of sympathy toward these people . It 's a real shame the way things like that happen , " he said .	The funeral is scheduled for the Perry Mennonite Reception Center in Elliottsburg The children 's ages range from 7 months to 11 years The six girls and one boy were found dead inside the house Police : The mother was milking cows in the barn and the father was at work
The United States has asked China for help battling North Korean hacking of American information systems , such as the Sony Pictures incident , a senior administration official told CNN on Saturday . "  We have discussed this issue with the Chinese to share information , express our concerns about this attack , and to ask for their cooperation , " the official said . "  In our cybersecurity discussions , both China and the United States have expressed the view that conducting destructive attacks in cyberspace is outside the norms of appropriate cyber behavior . " North Korea 's Internet traffic goes through China . President Barack Obama said Friday , "  We 've got no indication that North Korea was acting in conjunction with another country . " The New York Times first reported that the United States had approached China . On Saturday , the Guardians of Peace , a group of hackers accused of performing the cyberattack on Sony Pictures , mocked the FBI in a new statement . "  The result of investigation by FBI is so excellent that you might have seen what we were doing with your own eye , " said the statement posted on the file-sharing website pastebin . "  We congratulate you  sic  success . FBI is the BEST in the world . You will find the gift for FBI at the following address . Enjoy ! " The link provided in the message leads to a YouTube video titled "  You Are An Idiot . " The FBI declined comment on the message . FBI says North Korea responsible The FBI said that North Korea is responsible for the cyberattack on Sony Pictures . An FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques used by the Guardians of Peace in the Sony attack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . The hackers broke into Sony 's servers , published private emails and information , and threatened to attack movie theaters screening "  The Interview , " a comedy film about an assassination plot on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Earlier Saturday , North Korea slammed U.S. claims that the regime is responsible for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures -- and then proposed the two countries work together . "  Whoever is going to frame our country for a crime should present concrete evidence , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . "  America 's childish investigation result and its attempt to frame us for this crime shows their hostile tendency towards us . " But in a rare move , the North Korean regime said both countries should work together . "  While America has been criticized by its own public and continues to point the finger at us , we suggest mutual investigation with America on this case , " KCNA said . "  If America refuses our proposal of mutual investigation , continues to link us to this case , and talk about actions in response , they  America  will be met with serious consequences . " U.S. replies to North Korea National Security Council spokesman Mark Stroh replied to the North Korean statement : "  As the FBI made clear , we are confident the North Korean government is responsible for this destructive attack . We stand by this conclusion . The government of North Korea has a long history of denying responsibility for destructive and provocative actions . If the North Korean government wants to help , they can admit their culpability and compensate Sony for the damages this attack caused . " Obama said that Sony Pictures made a mistake in canceling the release of the movie . "  I am sympathetic to the concerns that they face , " Obama said . "  Having said all that , yes , I think they made a mistake . Let 's not get into that way of doing business . " North Korea rejected the notion that it would attack "  innocent moviegoers . " "  We will not tolerate the people who are willing to insult our supreme leader , but even when we retaliate , we will not conduct terror against innocent moviegoers , " KCNA said . "  The retaliation will target the ones who are responsible and the originators of the insults . Our army has the intention and ability to do  so  . " Analyst : We underestimated North Korea The show may go on Sony Pictures Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton rebuffed Obama 's criticism in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , saying his company did not make a mistake . He said the decision to pull back from the planned December 25 release was based on major movie theater companies telling Sony that they would not screen the film . "  We have not caved . We have not given in , " Lynton said . "  We have persevered , and we have not backed down . We have always had the desire to have the American public see this movie . " And despite enduring what he called "  the worst cyberattack in American history , " Lynton said his studios would make the movie again . But in retrospect , he may have "  done some things slightly differently . " A defiant Sony scrambles to find a way out for ` The Interview '	U.S. has asked China to help combat North Korean hacking , official says Guardians of Peace mocks the FBI U.S. says it 's confident North Korea is behind cyberattack North Korea warns of "  serious consequences " if the U.S. keeps tying it to the attack
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A leading human rights activist was abducted and killed in Russia Wednesday , the organization she worked for told CNN . Estemirova , pictured in 2007 , had been openly critical of Chechnya 's president , Ramzan Kadyrov . Natalya Estemirova , of the Russian human rights group Memorial , was kidnapped outside her home in Grozny , Chechnya , Oleg Orlov said , citing eyewitness reports . She was later found dead in the neighboring Russian republic of Ingushetia , said Orlov , the head of the organization 's Moscow office . Estemirova , 50 , was a leading human rights activist in the North Caucasus area who had been openly criticizing Chechnya 's authoritarian president , Ramzan Kadyrov , and his methods . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev expressed indignation at the murder and said her killers should be punished to the full extent of the law , his office said . He expressed his condolences to her family , press secretary Natalya Timakova said . Estemirova shouted that she was being kidnapped as she was forced into a white Lada automobile that had stopped on the road in front of her house at 8:30 a.m.  12:30 a.m. ET  , Orlov said . An unidentified man grabbed her and shoved her into the car , he told CNN . "  This is a kidnapping , " she yelled , he said . Estemirova studied history at Grozny University , then taught history before turning to journalism and human rights in 1998 , Memorial said . She joined the organization in March 2000 . In a written statement , U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the United States is "  deeply saddened " by the report of Estemirova 's death . "  We call upon the Russian government to bring those responsible to justice , " he said . He described Estemirova as "  uncompromising in her willingness to reveal the truth regardless of where that might lead . She was devoted to shining a light on human rights abuses , particularly in Chechnya . " The Committee to Protect Journalists , in a written statement , demanded that the killing be thoroughly investigated immediately . "  As she uncovered massive , ongoing human rights violations in Chechnya by the federal and regional authorities , Estemirova was often at odds with Chechen authorities , according to her colleagues , " the advocacy group said . She won three international awards for human rights activities -- including the inaugural Anna Politkovskaya Award , named for the Russian investigative journalist who was herself murdered almost three years ago . Estemirova was Politkovskaya 's "  most frequent companion during travel and investigations in Chechnya , " the organization Reach All Women in War said in announcing the prize for Estemirova . "  They investigated a number of cases together -- about which Anna wrote for  the newspaper  Novaya Gazeta and Natalya wrote for Memorial 's Web site and for local newspapers . " "  President Medvedev must make good on his promise to investigate this shocking killing by ensuring that the inquiry is thorough and transparent , " said CPJ Deputy Director Robert Mahoney . "  The killers of this courageous reporter , one of the few left in Chechnya , must not be allowed to walk free like so many before them . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow , Russia , contributed to this report .	Natalya Estemirova abducted outside her home in Grozny , Chechnya Estemirova later found dead in neighboring Russian republic of Ingushetia Estemirova openly critical of Chechnya 's authoritarian president , Ramzan Kadyrov
CNN  -- For the second time in just over a week , Facebook has done an about-face on a feature that has bothered some users for a while . Fewer automatic posts will be showing up in your News Feed telling you what a friend is listening to on Spotify , which level they just defeated on "  Candy Crush " or when they 've posted a filtered selfie on Instagram . The social-media giant has announced it will be giving those posts less clout in its News Feed algorithm -- the tool that decides which posts you 're mostly likely to want to see -- while giving extra emphasis to actions your friends choose to share . So , to use the Spotify example , you 'll be less likely to see an automatic post when a friend listens to a song but more likely to notice when they share a playlist they just created . "  We 've found that stories people choose to explicitly share from third party apps are typically more interesting and get more engagement in News Feed than stories shared from third party apps without explicit action , " Facebook 's Peter Yang wrote in a post on the company 's blog for developers . "  We 've also heard that people often feel surprised or confused by stories that are shared without taking an explicit action . In the coming months , we will continue to prioritize explicitly shared stories from apps in News Feed over implicitly shared stories . " Yang said that app creators will have to start specifically request that actions from their app be automatically shared . "  If your app is currently publishing stories implicitly , we encourage you to consider these options instead , " Yang wrote , listing tools that let users tell their friends what they 're up to . They include a new tool that lets app users share their activity directly in Messenger chats  say , with all your friends who still play "  FarmVille ? "  and the ability to add the "  Like " button , already appearing on more than 10 million Web pages , to mobile apps . And Facebook is walking the walk , too . Instagram , which Facebook purchased in 2012 , was among the first third-party apps to get rid of automatic posts . Reactions on social media have been largely positive , even if many posts have a "  What took you so long ? " feel about them . "  Great news to start my day . I am truly happy , " wrote Lynda Appell , a Twitter user from Philadelphia . "  Hope Farmville 's in there , " Sarah-Jane Boden , founder of marketing group Soul Providers , added on the networking site . The change came less than a week after Facebook announced that all new users will have their privacy settings default to "  Friends Only " and that existing users will get messages urging them to make sure their settings are where they want them . Critics have questioned Facebook 's commitment to privacy over the course of its 10-year history , claiming the company would prefer users share as openly as possible -- which advertisers like -- than adjust their settings to be more private . But changes in recent months suggest the social platform has decided on a different tack . Last month , Facebook rolled out the ability to log in "  anonymously , " preventing other websites and third-party apps from collecting data about you .	Facebook says automatic posts from apps are being de-emphasized Users will be more likely to see what their friends share intentionally Instagram is among the first to quit automatically posting activity Many users find auto-posts from apps annoying
The wife of imprisoned U.S. State Department contractor Alan Gross traveled to Cuba Tuesday as part of her ongoing effort to free her husband . Judy Gross did not talk to a CNN reporter outside Havana 's Jose Marti International Airport , and she and Gross ' attorney quickly boarded a bus provided by the Cuban government . Last week , Gross ' mother died after a long fight with cancer , Gross ' attorney , Scott Gilbert , said . The Cuban government refused Gross ' request to travel to the United States to say goodbye to Evelyn Gross before she died . Gross had promised that after seeing his mother he would return to his prison cell at a military hospital in Havana . "  We would like to convey our heartfelt condolences to his relatives , " Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs official Josefina Vidal said in a statement . "  It is necessary to clarify that neither the Cuban penitentiary system nor the U.S. penitentiary system provide the possibility for inmates to travel abroad , no matter the reason . " Gross , 65 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to Cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . He was convicted in March 2011 . U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on Internet access and have said his imprisonment is one of the major obstacles to improved relations with Cuba . In April , Gross embarked on a hunger strike to protest his continued imprisonment . He later said he was suspending his hunger strike after his mother pleaded with him to begin eating again . Since his arrest , Gross has suffered a slew of health problems , his attorney said , and lost more than 100 pounds . "  Alan is confined to one room , 23 hours a day . " Gilbert said during an interview with CNN in April . "  He spends his day there in pajamas , he 's fed meals in his room . He 's let out for an hour a day , to exercise an hour a day in a small , walled courtyard where you can barely see the sky . " Cuban officials have said they want to negotiate Gross ' case with representatives of the United States in conjunction with the fates of three Cuban intelligence operatives serving lengthy sentences in U.S. prisons . But U.S. officials have called that effort blackmail and said the cases are separate matters because Gross was not working as a spy in Cuba . The diplomatic impasse is taking its toll on Gross , Gilbert said . "  The White House has yet to engage on this issue ; we need the president to make this a priority . Without that , Alan will die in Cuba , " Gilbert said .	Alan Gross ' wife , Judy , visits husband in Cuba a week after his mother 's death The U.S. State Department contractor offered to return to jail after a goodbye visit The Cuban government denied his request , saying inmates ca n't travel abroad Gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bring satellite equipment to island
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama will unveil his long-awaited immigration plan Thursday evening , changing rules governing deportations that could affect millions of undocumented immigrants and setting off an explosive battle with Republicans . Obama 's prime-time address will be followed Friday by an event in Las Vegas , sources tell CNN . While exact details of his announcement are n't yet public , the basic outline of the plan , as relayed by people familiar with its planning , includes deferring deportation for the parents of U.S. citizens , a move that would affect up to 3.5 million people . "  Everybody agrees that our immigration system is broken . Unfortunately , Washington has allowed the problem to fester for far too long , " Obama said in a video posted on his Facebook page Wednesday . "  And so what I 'm going to be laying out is the things that I can do with my lawful authority as President to make the system work better , even as I continue to work with Congress to encourage them to get a bipartisan , comprehensive bill that can solve the entire problem . " Obama invited congressional Democratic leaders to the White House for a dinner Wednesday night to discuss his plans for an executive order , a source told CNN . RELATED : 5 questions you should be asking about Obama and immigration The President declared in June he would n't wait for Congress to pass a comprehensive overhaul of the immigration system , initially saying he would announce changes by the end the summer . The decision was delayed until after the midterm elections , when the White House believed it would n't be caught up in campaign politics . But Republicans are expressing deep anger at the anticipated move , saying unilateral action on immigration would forestall any legislative action . Two House Republicans who would play a key role in crafting immigration legislation made a fresh call for Obama to hold off on his plans Wednesday -- and warned that if he goes ahead , they 'll try to stop the White House from implementing his executive order . "  Instead of proceeding with ill-advised executive action , we implore you to work with Congress to enact legislation to address our broken immigration system , " Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul  R-Texas  and Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte  R-Va .  said in a letter to Obama . Related : ` Orange is the New Black ' actress pushes Obama for immigration overhaul "  We strongly urge you to respect the Constitution and abandon any unconstitutional , unilateral executive actions on immigration . Let 's secure the border , enforce our immigration laws in the interior of the United States , and build a broad consensus for immigration reform , " they wrote . "  Otherwise , as the chairmen of the committees with oversight over border security and our nation 's immigration laws , we will be forced to use the tools afforded to Congress by the Constitution to stop your administration from successfully carrying out your plan . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest chided the GOP during his briefing Wednesday , saying concerns about how Obama 's immigration move could affect the government funding debate and presidential nominations in the weeks ahead are "  predicated on at least the premise that Republicans have been exceedingly cooperative with the president . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- the Nevada Democrat who will lose his post once Republicans take control of the chamber in January -- lauded Obama 's move , saying the GOP forced his hand . "  Comprehensive immigration reform brings relief to families being torn apart by our broken system , " he said . "  Comprehensive immigration reform is an economic issue and one we must address . That 's why I have been so disappointed that Republicans have ducked , dodged and skirted taking up legislation this Congress forcing President Obama to act administratively . " The contours of Obama 's announcement have been the subject of speculation among immigration activists for months , though the White House has yet to officially relay what Obama will announce when he speaks to the American people on Thursday night . Administration officials say a key part of the announcement will be allowing the parents of American citizens , who are undocumented immigrants themselves , to remain in the United States without the threat of deportation . That would include the parents of legal residents , but not the parents of children eligible for delayed deportation under a rule Obama enacted in 2012 . Up to 3.6 million people would be affected by that change , according to an estimate from the Migration Policy Institute , though the figures are smaller if Obama 's announcement includes a minimum number of years spent in the country . Mandating parents live in the U.S. for at least 5 years before becoming eligible would bring the number affected to 3.3 million ; a 10-year minimum would bring it down further to an estimated 2.5 million people . Other potential areas of reform include extending the deportation deferment for immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . Altering the age restrictions on that action could allow hundreds of thousands more people to remain in the United States . Officials also said the plan could include a stronger focus on deporting criminals who are undocumented immigrants and an expansion of worker visas in areas like technology . Lastly , the plan could include new resources to bolster security on the border . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the "  reforms will be comprehensive , " and that border security measures will be included . Obama 's position on immigration could be a popular one . Despite an overall wave of support for GOP candidates , 57 % of this year 's midterm election voters believe undocumented immigrants should have a chance to apply for legal status , while just 39 % want them deported to the country they came from , CNN 's exit polls found . Those exit polls found that 71 % of U.S. midterm voters believe undocumented immigrants should be allowed to stay in the country legally if they meet certain requirements -- while 25 % said those immigrants should n't be allowed to stay . A September CBS/New York Times poll found 51 % saying Obama should use his executive powers to address immigration if Congress fails to act while 43 % said he should not . A similar ABC/Washington Post survey earlier that month found 52 % support for Obama acting on his own . Dana Bash and Eric Bradner contributed to this report .	President Obama will announce an overhaul of immigration rules during a Thursday night address Obama will follow the announcement with a speech detailing his plan Friday in Las Vegas Obama invited top Democratic lawmakers to the White House for a Wednesday night dinner Republicans have warned that Obama 's executive order could stall all legislative work
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun signed an eight-point peace agreement with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il on Thursday at a summit in Pyongyang , North Korea . The leaders pledged to work toward forging a permanent peace treaty between their nations , which ended the 1950-1953 war with a cease-fire . The Koreas have remained technically at war for 54 years . The armistice was signed July 27 , 1953 . "  South and North Korea agree on -LSB- the -RSB- need to end the current armistice and establish permanent peace , " the fourth point of the agreement says . In addition , the two sides will push "  for a declaration of the ending of the Korean War in cooperation with neighboring nations . " "  If there is nuclear disarmament , and if the peace treaty moves forward , I believe that the Cold War era will end and there will really be reunification and peace between the two countries , " Roh said in a speech to government officials that was nationally televised on his return home . "  Any conflicting issues , we said we would talk about it . And we said that we would work together , " Roh said . "  I do n't think there will be problems in the future . " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called the agreement "  a major step forward to enhance inter-Korean cooperation as well as peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia . " "  The United Nations stands ready to provide assistance as may be required , in cooperation with the international community , " Ban said in a statement issued by his office . Roh admitted that after arriving in the North Korean capital and meeting Kim , he was so worried that he could n't sleep that night . "  I can say simply -LSB- that -RSB- we were able to communicate . Things went better , " said Roh . On Tuesday , Roh became the first South Korean leader to walk across the heavily fortified Demilitarized Zone between the two countries . His predecessor , Kim Dae-jung , flew to Pyongyang for the first Korean leader summit in 2000 . Roh said one of the most important aspects of the talks was an agreement to designate a joint fishing area and economic zone along the disputed western sea border , where there were bloody naval clashes in 1999 and 2002 . "  We believe the north-south summit went a step further and confirmed what is happening in the six-nation talks , " Roh said . The United States , North Korea , China , Japan , Russia and South Korea are involved in nuclear agreements made earlier in the year that will lead to the disabling of North Korea 's nuclear facilities . On Wednesday , Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill said that a U.S. team , including technical experts , will head to North Korea next week , after the communist country agreed to begin the process . The experts will make it difficult to restart a nuclear program by sealing North Korea 's main nuclear facility and removing certain components that would not be easy to replace . The goal in the next phase , Hill said , is complete dismantlement , but that could take up to five years . The reconciliation pact also calls for North and South Korean leaders to meet often for discussions on "  pending issues . " That pact stipulates that there will be a meeting between Korean prime ministers in Seoul in November . Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday . Among the long list of agreements made during the summit are expanded economic cooperation and a proposed exchange of video letters between families separated by the divided Korean peninsula . Roh and Kim opened formal talks Wednesday at the first summit between the divided countries in seven years . Hundreds of North Koreans cheered Roh 's arrival at the April 25 Hall of Culture in downtown Pyongyang on Tuesday , waving large spikes of KimJongilia , the brilliant pink flower named for North Korea 's reclusive leader . The two leaders shook hands during a short opening ceremony . The meeting with Kim Jong Il , announced in early August , was initially scheduled for the end of that month but was postponed after massive flooding in Pyongyang . The Koreas summit also comes in the final months of Roh 's scandal-ridden term , and some analysts suspect the South Korean leader is hoping the Pyongyang meeting will boost his sagging approval ratings and help position his party in the upcoming elections against the conservative opposition . The 2000 summit , part of Kim Dae-jung 's policy of engagement with North Korea , paved the way for his Nobel Peace Prize awarded that same year . But South Korean investigators later revealed that Kim Dae-jung paid hundreds of millions of dollars to secure the meeting , the first between Stalinist North Korea and capitalist South Korea . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Seoul Bureau Chief Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report .	North , South Korea agree on need to "  establish permanent peace " Pact calls for North , South Korean leaders to meet often on "  pending issues " Also discussed was an exchange of video letters between separated families Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan lawmakers have given President Nicolas Maduro special decree powers to fight an "  economic war , " but the shape that fight will take is uncertain . Maduro has promised to use his new powers -- approved by the National Assembly on Tuesday -- to make sweeping changes to the way the economy is run in the oil-rich , but poorly managed South American nation . Among his priorities , Maduro says , will be to cap profits for businesses at between 15 % and 30 % and to enforce price controls on an expanding number of goods . Some see this as a movement to a fully socialist model ; other see political opportunism . In recent months , Maduro has blamed capitalism for speculation that is driving high rates of inflation and creating widespread shortages of staples . The so-called "  enabling law " that grants him decree powers could make it easier for him to set price controls , as he did recently to an electronics and appliance chain he accused of price gouging . The result was a run on the Daka chain of stores , as people mobbed to buy deeply discounted electronics in chaotic scenes that included some looting . "  Consumerism is not the path , " the President said Tuesday . "  We are re-establishing prices so that the people 's economic rights are respected , not to consume without control . " The underlying goal of these expanded powers are for Maduro to push a socialist agenda to the point of no return , said Jose Vicente Haro , a Venezuelan constitutional lawyer . "  What we 've seen is just a little of what 's coming , " he told CNN en Espa  ol . "  What Nicolas Maduro 's primary objective is now is to regulate the profits of all companies that provide services or produce goods . " Those who agree with Haro fear that foreign investment in Venezuela will dry up as the government cuts their profits . But behind the blustery rhetoric , there may be hints at a more pragmatic approach , said David Smilde , a Venezuela expert and senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America . Faced with a difficult transition after the death of President Hugo Chavez , Maduro has adopted the economic war for political purposes , Smilde said . The bloc that supported Chavez has been difficult for Maduro to keep together . By putting a name and a face to the "  enemy , " as he did by singling out the Daka electronics chain , the President is trying to unite voters behind his party ahead of local elections next month , Smilde said . "  Their idea is to have this carry them through the elections , " he said . "  I think it 's completely political . " Behind the scenes , there are signs that the Venezuelan government is taking a less controversial approach to its economy . To fight a shortage of dollars , Venezuela 's state-run oil company announced it will sell $ 4.5 billion in bonds , for instance . There are also reports that it will try to make up even more ground by selling gold from its reserves . Facing shortages , Venezuela takes over toilet paper factory Maduro has n't highlighted these moves the same way he has trumpeted his new decree powers , but they are telling of a more pragmatic approach , Smilde said . The government 's short-term goal , Venezuelan analyst John Magdaleno agreed , could be to gain an advantage at the polls . Once the election is over , the government will have to take unpopular steps , such as devaluing its currency , to curb inflation . "  I think it 's inevitable that to face the current economic situation the government will have to take some measures that will have a negative impact on the lower classes , " Magdaleno said . On the streets , some Venezuelans see the economic war that their leader is waging as a necessity , or as a dangerous blank check . "  There 's no merchandise , and what 's available is expensive , " said Leonardo Guerrero , who sells fish . He has seen variety falling and costs rising , and would like to see a "  fair price , " for more products , he said . U.S. expels three Venezuelan diplomats Journalist Osmary Hernandez reported from Caracas . Mariano Castillo reported and wrote the story in Atlanta .	Lawmakers gave Nicolas Maduro decree power on economic issues Maduro has engaged in an economic war against capitalism "  We are re-establishing prices so that the people 's economic rights are respected , " he says Some fear he is putting the country on a socialist path , others call it a political ploy
CNN  -- Spending 24 hours in Le Mans is not for the faint-hearted . The legendary French motor race is for the fearless , the global players , the 24-hour party people . It 's a feat of endurance for drivers , engineers , car manufacturers , media and fans alike . But , if you can muster the strength , the rewards are great ; the experience exhilarating . In the equivalent of 16 Formula One races completed back to back , the professional drivers take on treacherous night conditions and the risk of an accident with one of the amateur entries -- one ex-Formula One star ended last weekend 's race in hospital after a spectacular spill . But the racing is only half of the story . Car corporations spend millions showcasing innovative technology , while off the track fans parade in all manner of costumes . On Sunday Audi continued its recent dominance of an event that dates back to 1923 , as German driver Andre Lotterer took the checkered flag for the second successive year The La Sarthe circuit in the heart of the French countryside is a Mecca for motorsport fans , and the race provides a unique challenge for competitors that ranks alongside F1 's Monaco Grand Prix and the United States ' Indianapolis 500 as the sport 's blue riband events . Asked to sum up what makes Le Mans so special , the reliably succinct television commentator Martin Brundle resorted to reeling off a list . "  The track , the ambiance , the crowd , the titanic challenge of the phases of the race , you versus the track , you versus the elements , 30 scheduled pit-stops ... " began the 53-year-old , an ex-F1 driver and a winner at Le Mans in 1990 . He finished 15th overall on Sunday in his first Le Mans race since 2001 , competing alongside his son Alex on Father 's Day . "  It 's just an incredibly complex challenge . We do the equivalent of 16 F1 races in a day if we get to the end of the race -- that 's how tough it is , " Brundle said . The drivers of the 35 cars that finished last weekend 's race certainly earned a rest -- and a shoulder-rub or two -- in the days that follow Le Mans . Each car had a rotating three-man team of drivers assigned blocks of 45-minute slots behind the wheel , although it was normal for them to stay out on track , pushing on for more than two hours . For many , the biggest challenge is "  the graveyard shift " when the sun sinks , leaving unblinking headlights and the neon streaks of passing cars to guide the drivers round pitch-black corners . "  At night it feels like a video game , " said former F1 driver Karun Chandhok , after becoming the first Indian to race at Le Mans . "  It 's so surreal because you 're through the forest and all you 've got are the headlights , the LED dashboard and lights coming towards you . " Driving through the night is just one hazardous allure of Le Mans . The race is also fraught with potential dangers because it invites four classes of cars of variable speeds as well as professional and amateur drivers to compete together . Britain 's Anthony Davidson , another former F1 driver , is recovering after breaking his back when his front-running Toyota was tipped upside-down and into the air in a collision with a Ferrari sportscar driven by a 52-year-old amateur . Davidson , who cheerily tweeted he was "  happy to be alive , " knows , just like any racer , that rewards in this sport come with the caveat of great risk . The potential rewards for car manufacturers at Le Mans are no less significant . Audi 's entries put on an ultimate show of strength for their brand , powering to all three overall podium places and the manufacturer 's 11th Le Mans win in 12 years . But rumors in the Le Mans paddock suggested the German car company spends at least $ 125 million a year on research and development alone for its Le Mans on-track project . The American Starworks Motorsport team won the junior LMP2 category , while the Italian Ferrari AF Corse team won the professional race for sportscars . Race organizers , the Automobile Club de l'Ouest , also encourage car manufacturers to invest in testing and showcasing new technologies -- especially those with relevance to future road cars -- during the race weekend . Audi made history by winning the classic race in a diesel-hybrid car for the first time . A hybrid car uses two types of technology for energy ; Audi also adopted an electric flywheel system devised by the Williams F1 team to help power the car . Toyota , whose two cars were unfortunate non-finishers , had returned to Le Mans for the first time in 13 years to showcase the Japanese firm 's petrol-electric hybrid technology . But the car that set pulses racing was the sleek , black American-built Nissan DeltaWing , cherished because it dared to be different -- and because of its resemblance to "  the Batmobile . " Highlighting "  downsized technology , " the car -- invited to race as a guest entry -- was half the weight of a typical Le Mans prototype and designed to consume half the usual fuel and tires . The demise of the DeltaWing , after it was cruelly thumped into the barriers by a Toyota in the first half of the race , seemed only to further fan the flames of fervor . Race organizers plan to invite a hydrogen-fueled prototype to take part in 2013 . While the asphalt hummed with this year 's race cars , the service roads thronged with shuttles and golf buggies chauffeuring corporate guests to hospitality , helicopters and product launches in a 24-hour marketing assault . "  Motor shows are irrelevant for fans , we need to get to our customers and be close to the fans on and off the track at events like this , " said the general manager of Nissan Europe , Darren Cox . With 55 assorted cars starting the race -- from Audi juggernauts to the racy Corvettes and Porsches -- there was plenty to quench the 250,000 car-thirsty fans who flocked to France . There will also be plenty of pilgrims returning with less fragrant memories of a few days spent in a French field . Memories perhaps of men dressed as Pamela Anderson , complete with lifeguards , swaying mounds of glass beer bottles , $ 18 pizzas , a motorized wheelbarrow with a perilous pace and the whiff of rubber from an improvised burnout drag strip along the service roads . Le Mans is a brilliant event to "  endure " with relish -- but perhaps it 's a relief that it comes but once a year .	Le Mans 24-hour race is an endurance test for fans , as well as drivers Classic race first staged in 1923 and regarded as one of motorsport 's blue riband events Finishing teams complete the equivalent of 16 Formula One races Audi 's victory on Sunday was the manufacturer 's 11th Le Mans win in 12 years .
The overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi has had a messy and often confused aftermath , as rival groups jostle for a stake in the new Libya after four decades of dictatorship . But while the realities of Libya 's new order remain murky , for the country 's Berber minority , the task ahead is clear . The removal of the old regime has cleared the way for a renaissance of their ancient language and culture that were brutally suppressed under Gadhafi 's hardline rule . Known in their native tongue as Amazigh , or "  free man , " the Berbers are the indigenous inhabitants of North Africa , whose culture predominated in the region prior to the 7th century Arab invasion . But Gadhafi 's ideology stressed the unity of all Libyans under an Arab identity , and any efforts at Amazigh cultural expression during his rule were effectively forbidden . Those among the country 's Berber minority -- there is no reliable census data , but most estimates place it at about 10 % of the population -- who attempted to promote their rights or cultural heritage would find themselves persecuted , sometimes even killed . Berbers were unable to publicly speak or publish books in their language , Tamazight , or display symbols such as the Amazigh flag . "  You could n't teach it in schools , you did n't have university departments for Amazigh research , or have Amazigh TV stations or radio , " said Mazigh Buzakhar , a Tripoli-based Berber activist . "  Even children 's names -- there was a law which banned any names that were not Arabic or Islamic . They  the Gadhafi regime  forced you to change your child 's name . " Buzakhar has personally felt the brunt of the regime 's hostility to Berber culture . In December 2010 , prior to the revolution , he and his twin brother were arrested in their Tripoli home , on suspicion of "  working and collaborating with foreign intelligence . " Their real crime , according to Buzakhar and Amnesty International , was advocating for Berber cultural rights , evidence of which was found by police in the form of banned Amazigh texts , smuggled from abroad , in their home . Read also : Will Gadhafi 's defeat bring new freedom to Libya 's Berbers ? The pair was held for months in a cell designated for prisoners facing life sentences or execution , where Buzakhar said his brother was blindfolded and kicked by guards , when in February the revolution began . A riot erupted at the prison and , along with other prisoners , the brothers escaped . "  We were very lucky , " said Buzakhar . Having escaped from prison , Buzakhar headed for the Nafusa Mountains , a traditional Amazigh stronghold where the Berber population would become heavily engaged in fighting with Gadhafi 's forces , gaining the upper hand more swiftly than their counterparts in the east of the country . Buzakhar started a media communications center , and set about producing the first ever journal published in Tamazight . Initially a crudely produced newsletter , printed on sheets of A4 , "  Tilelli "  "  Freedom " in Tamazight  became a more professional publication when Buzakhar relocated to the capital following the fall of Tripoli . Written in Tamazight , Arabic and English , it has a print run of 3,000 , and a focus on promoting Amazigh culture and language , by reprinting ancient works of poetry , as well as more modern works by writers such as Said Sifaw al-Mahrouk . "  Tilelli " is just one element of the flowering of Amazigh culture to have taken place in the wake of Gadhafi 's downfall . Tamazight is being taught by cultural associations , can be heard on radio stations , and read on signs written in the Tifinagh alphabet at shops and other public places . The Berber flag -- comprised of blue , green and yellow horizontal stripes , superimposed with a red Tifinagh character symbolizing a "  free man " -- is displayed proudly , and Amazigh music is performed at festivals around the country . "  After 40 years of having a complete lack of this kind of expression , there 's a real enthusiasm for it , " said Diana Eltahawy , Amnesty International 's North Africa researcher . "  What we see is the Amazigh gathering together and celebrating their culture , having various festivals , making links between towns . They 're filling up the space they were denied for several decades . " But despite their new-found freedom of cultural expression , some Berber activists remain anxious about their community 's position in the new Libya . When an interim government was announced in November without a single Amazigh minister , Berbers reacted with disappointment . Fearing their community was being marginalized , a group calling itself the Libyan Amazigh Congress announced it was suspending all relations with the National Transitional Council  NTC  . Read also : Syrian artists fight Assad regime with satire Many Berbers were frustrated by the sense that their strong military contributions in overthrowing Gadhafi -- Juan Cole , a history professor at the University of Michigan , labeled them "  among the central Libyan heroes of the revolution " -- had gone unrewarded , said Buzakhar . "  They used us to progress and make a progress in advance to get Libya liberated , " Buzakhar said . "  But once things were liberated , the message has been : ` Thank you so much , we used you and that 's it . ' To us , it 's like a betrayal by the NTC . " In this climate , some Berbers fear their cultural rights may not receive the constitutional protections they seek . Libya 's interim "  constitutional declaration , " drawn up by the NTC to provide a framework for the transition to an elected government , pledged that the state would protect the linguistic and cultural rights of "  all components " of Libyan society . But while upholding Arabic as the official language , the declaration stated that Libya 's other languages "  shall be deemed national ones " -- falling short of the level of recognition sought by Berber activists . Buzakhar said Tamazight 's "  deep-rooted " history as a native language -- which significantly predated Arabic 's arrival in North Africa -- meant that regarding it as anything less than an official language was illogical . Berbers wanted Libya 's new leaders to accord Tamazight a similar status to that which it held in Morocco , where it is estimated more than half of the country 's 32 million people speak Berber dialects . In 2011 , Tamazight became an official language in Morocco , taught alongside Arabic in schools . But it remains to be seen what provisions would be contained in the new constitution , to be drafted by a committee chosen by the newly elected congress , said Eltahawy . Any broader recognition of Libyan Amazigh cultural rights would require overcoming greater barriers than the legacy of Gadhafi 's suppression and scapegoating , said Buzakhar . "  Our problem is not only the 42 years of the former regime . Our problem is 1,400 years of Arab or Islamist mentality that has been brought to North Africa itself . It 's a mentality problem , not only with the common people but in the heads of the politicians . " He said although there were generally good relations between Libyan Arabs and Berbers , their rejection of pan-Arabist ideology and insistence on a distinct Amazigh identity made them a continued target for criticism . Some political leaders were still inclined to emulate Gaddafi by casting suspicion on the Berber community for personal gain . But Buzakhar said although Libya 's Amazigh renaissance did not enjoy the state support exhibited in Morocco and Algeria , he was optimistic the Berber culture would continue to flourish . "  What 's different from Algeria and Morocco is that the consciousness of the Amazigh people is stronger in Libya , because we 've paid the price , " he said . "  We have had martyrs who gave their lives to preserve their language , and ensure they are part of the political environment of the new Libya for generations to come . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Libya 's indigenous Berber population had their culture suppressed under Gadhafi Also known as Amazigh , they could not even give their children Berber names Amazigh culture is blossoming in post-Gadhafi Libya But activists fear that their culture and language will not be protected in the new Libya
CNN  -- The threatening calls reportedly came one after the other to Mexico 's main Catholic seminary . Callers , claiming to be from one of the country 's feared drug cartels , offered an ominous warning : Pay up if you value the safety of your priests . "  They called several times . They identified themselves as the Familia Michoacana , but who knows ? " Cardinal Norberto Rivera , archbishop of Mexico City , revealed at a Mass this week . "  I spoke with the authorities . We made the appropriate report . Because they wanted us to pay . Because if not , they would kill one of us . They wanted to extort 60,000 pesos  $ 4,600  . " Reports of extortion have become increasingly common as drug cartels expand their reach in Mexico . But public denouncements of such attempts are rare . Rivera called on parishioners to report extortion to authorities , and he urged them not to pay . His description Sunday of the extortion attempts and a statement denouncing drug violence give a glimpse into the problems faced by a Catholic Church often caught in the crossfire of warring cartels and government efforts to stop them . In the country 's capital alone , more than 10 priests have been threatened with extortion , said the Reverend Hugo Valdemar Romero , a spokesman for the archdiocese . "  None of them have paid , " he told CNN . "  Last year , two extortionists were arrested . " It 's not uncommon for individual parishes to face extortion threats , he said . But the calls last month to the Seminary of the Archdiocese of Mexico marked the first time such a large church-run institution in the capital had been targeted , Romero said . Mexico 's Catholic priests have long struggled with how to deal with spiraling drug violence and cartel culture . In addition to widespread extortion attempts by gangs , church officials have said clergy have received threatening notes and telephone calls after sermons against drug use and trafficking . In 1993 , Cardinal Juan Posadas Ocampo was gunned down in the parking lot of an airport in Guadalajara , Mexico . Authorities said a drug gang had confused him with a rival trafficker , but some church leaders claimed he was targeted for denouncing drug trafficking . In 2009 , Hector Gonzalez , the archbishop of the northern state of Durango , raised fears of attacks on the clergy after he said that Mexico 's most wanted man , Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , lived in a Durango town and that "  everybody knows it except the authorities . " Days later , investigators found the bodies of two slain military lieutenants in mountains nearby , accompanied by a note : "  Neither the government nor priests can handle El Chapo . " Gonzalez quickly backed away from his comments , telling reporters who asked him about them , "  I am deaf and dumb . " There 's also a flip side . Some critics say churches have received large donations from traffickers . A plaque inside a chapel in Mexico 's Hidalgo state once boasted a donation from Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , a leader of the Zetas cartel until his death last year in a shootout with Mexican forces . This year , even as government officials have suggested that drug-related violence could be on the decline , church leaders have warned that priests and the congregations they serve remain at risk . Last week two priests were killed in Mexico 's Veracruz state . Authorities arrested four suspects after the priests were found slain inside their parish . A group of Mexico 's Catholic bishops have said they plan to discuss the violence with Pope Francis during a visit to the Vatican next year . READ MORE : In Juarez drug war , priest is on front lines READ MORE : Killing shows Mexico clergy no longer cloaked from cartels ' aim CNN 's Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Mexico City 's archbishop says a cartel tried to extort a seminary Anonymous callers claimed to be from the Familia Michoacana cartel They threatened to kill if money was n't paid , he says The Catholic Church has been caught in the crossfire of warring cartels
LONDON , England  CNN  -- All goals count , so we 're told . But some are more equal than others and this is a rundown of the best 11 of all time . Diego Maradona 's second strike against England at Mexico 86 tops our greatest-ever goal list . Some of them are great individual goals , some of them are great team goals , but all of them are outstanding examples of the ball being put into the net . The capitals denote the team the goalscorer was playing for . Let us know if you agree with our list by posting your comments in the Sound Off box below . 1 Diego Maradona , ARGENTINA v England , World Cup quarter-final 1986 If you 're English , the other goal he scored that day sticks in the craw as well as the mind . But for everyone else , Maradona 's match-winning genius was never better exemplified by this slaloming run , which started with a drag-back turn and went on to include feints , dropped shoulders and the calmest of finishes . It was later dubbed the goal of the century . Who says players need two feet ? 2 Carlos Alberto , BRAZIL v Italy , World Cup final 1970 The best team goal of all time . A sublime move began in the left-back spot with Brazil 's striker Tostao and it would pass through eight of the team 's outfield players before ending up in the Italian net . Clodaldo dribbled mazily in his own half , he gave it to Rivelino , who passed it on to Jairzinho up the left . The winger fed Pele on the edge of the area , who held the ball up before laying it into the space to his right . There , the right-back Carlos Alberto was approaching like an express train and he thundered the ball into the far corner . Have we missed one of your favorite strikes out ? Leave your suggestions below 3 Zinedine Zidane , REAL MADRID v Bayer Leverkusen , Champions League final 2002 A miracle of technique , this goal had Zidane written all over it . A rampaging Roberto Carlos sent over a looping cross from the left which dropped seemingly without danger out of the gray Glasgow sky . But from 18 yards out , Zidane , intently watching the ball 's flight , caught it perfectly with his left foot , his shot bending unerringly into the top corner . 4 Marco van Basten , NETHERLANDS v USSR , European Championship final 1988 Much in the same way Zidane 's strike against Leverkusen was a triumph of technique , Van Basten 's dipping volley against the Soviet Union took the breath away . Arnold Muhren pumped over a ball from wide on the left and everyone was expecting Van Basten , in space on the far right of the box , to either pull the ball down or head it back into the area . Instead he caught it sweetly , sending the ball arching over USSR keeper Rinat Dasaev 's head and into the net from an impossible angle . 5 Michael Owen , ENGLAND v Argentina , World Cup second round 1998 This was the goal that made Owen a household name . David Beckham found the 18-year-old in space 35 yards from goal and the fearless striker brought the ball under control as he raced towards goal . Shrugging off Jose Chamot 's manhandling , he darted to the right of Roberto Ayala and with Paul Scholes approaching to his right to steal his thunder , Owen arrowed his shot over Carlos Roa into the top corner . A star was born . 6 Dennis Bergkamp , NETHERLANDS v Argentina , World Cup quarter-final 1998 Deep in his own half , center-back Frank de Boer had few obvious attacking options on . Sixty yards ahead of him , Bergkamp was on the move and De Boer picked out his run with a pin-point pass . As the ball dropped over his shoulder , an airborne Bergkamp killed it and moved it inside the challenge of Roberto Ayala in one fluid movement before flicking it with the outside of his right boot high past Carlos Roa . In the last minute the game was won and jaws everywhere dropped . 7 Esteban Cambiasso , ARGENTINA v Serbia & Montenegro , World Cup group game 2006 Cambiasso 's name is in the record books as the goal scorer but the whole Argentina line-up deserves a mention too . A rival to Carlos Alberto 's goal against Italy , the ball was shifted effortlessly between dark blue shirts 24 times , in and out of Serbian players , before Cambiasso played a one-two with Hernan Crespo in the box and thumped home . The whole move looked effortless , but goals like that come along once in a blue moon . 8 Lionel Messi , BARCELONA v Getafe , Copa del Rey semi-final 2007 Perhaps the most amazing thing about this most amazing goal is its similarity to Maradona 's second goal against England . Picking the ball up from deep on the right , Messi ran at the Getafe defense , skipping past challenges until faced with the keeper . Forced wide , he kept his head and clipped home from a tight angle . Maradona would have been proud . 9 Zlatan Ibrahimovic , AJAX v NAC Breda , Eredivisie 2004 There are only a few players in world football capable of scoring a goal of such impudence . Ibrahimovic always believed himself too good for the Dutch league and this goal proved it in a show of immense skill , strength and ball control . The swaggering Swede danced in and out of countless despairing challenges , teasing the NAC defenders and then the keeper , before finally putting them out of their misery . 10 George Weah , AC MILAN v Verona , Serie A 1996 Goals that see players run the length of the pitch with the ball are always crowd favorites . Saeed Al-Owairan did something similar to Weah for Saudi Arabia at the 1994 World Cup but the effort by Weah , then the world footballer of the year , sticks longer in the memory . Collecting an over-hit corner in his own box , Weah set off for the heart of the Verona defense . It looked liked he 'd lost the ball in the center circle but twisted his way out , flicked the ball round the final defender and ran on to slot home . 11 Dennis Bergkamp , ARSENAL v Newcastle , Premier League 2002 It 's crazy to think there 's a debate about whether Bergkamp meant this classiest of goals . Robert Pires cut in from the left and threaded a pass to Bergkamp 's feet on the edge of the area . In the blink of an eye , the Dutch master somehow back-heeled the ball around his marker , Nikos Dabizas , turned , held off the bemused defender and slotted coolly past Shay Given in goal .	Football Fanzone presents a rundown of the 11 best goals of all time Included are some great individual goals and some great team goals Let us know what you think by commenting in the Sound Off box
CNN  -- Dubbed "  Ghana 's Bob Marley , " reggae sensation Rocky Dawuni is known not only for bringing his upbeat vibe to audiences across the world , but also for promoting social issues through his extensive humanitarian work . The acclaimed singer-songwriter first fell in love with reggae at a young age when he heard a Ghanaian military band play a Bob Marley song . He was instantly hooked . "  I remember totally being drawn to the words and also the message and the intentions of the music , " he told CNN 's Isha Sesay . Now based in Los Angeles , Dawuni has recorded five albums and performed alongside global stars such as Stevie Wonder on some of the world 's biggest stages . But perhaps his most impressive feat so far has been the creation of the Independence Splash festival in Ghana , an annual event that attracts thousands of music lovers and also raises awareness for a series of social causes , including provision of clean water and education for girls . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : Can you describe the first time you ever heard reggae and the feeling it created in you ? Rocky Dawuni : The first time I heard reggae music was  in  Michel Camp , which is a military barracks in Ghana where I was born . There was a military band called Hot Barrels which used to ... do covers . I was interested in music , so every time I used to hang out at their rehearsal . And then one time , they started playing covers , Bob Marley , and I remember totally being drawn to the words and also the message and the intentions of the music . It was really love at first sight . And since then I also realized that my calling too was in that direction , using music as that tool to articulate all that I see around me . CNN : When did you first realize you could sing ? RD : Right from the onset , because our environment in Africa , everything is music . When a child is born , everybody 's singing , when there 's celebration , everybody 's singing . So at that time , I just joined in everywhere and I realized that I could ... make up melodies , I was like , this could be an interesting path for me . Then I started growing in my confidence , I started researching about it and then it just took off from there . CNN : You grew up being motivated by spreading a message -- how was that received as you were playing your first concerts ? RD : The thing that I believe about messages is that you have to understand that the message is always higher than the messenger . So you always have to put the message in such a way that you do n't become preachy , because we 're all on this journey together , everybody who 's part of this human family . Me having that platform does n't mean that it makes me a person that can be able to point people in the right direction -- I just open options and I create the environment , and that environment creates dialogue . And it 's just like , when we start talking amongst each other , we 'll figure it out . So I believe in the subtlety of the message . CNN : Which is more important to you , critical acclaim or commercial success ? RD : All of it has its place , but in the long run , my intention ... is that I want the music to be in the hands of everybody , so I do n't look at it more as a commercial thing , I look at it in terms of the message and the communication . I want everybody to experience what I have experienced , I want to communicate with everybody . I want everybody to feel and understand what message I 'm trying to carry across . I want everybody to be part of this new brotherhood of all of us . I call it the brotherhood of all of us because everybody is part of it . It does n't matter what your background is , what 's your religion , what 's your cultural background , what 's your gender . It does n't matter . We are all together in this world . We are sharing the same space , we are breathing the same air . CNN : Every year you put on a concert called the Rocky Dawuni Independence Splash , talk to me about it . RD : Ghana was the first sub-Saharan country to be independent . So I realized that Ghana 's independence day , its importance was not only a matter of celebrating the day , its importance was that this day could be a day we could use to reflect on where Africa is . And right now ... Ghana has really taken the leadership role when it comes to having democratic institutions , stability and even economically . So Ghana has really been able to do all things that I feel ... we need to share with the rest of Africa as we were the first independent country . So I felt that the concert was a means to start this celebration whereby all Africa comes and in doing so , there 's the music and there 's also all the dimensions of us interacting with each other . So every year , no matter where I am , I go back and then have this event and then also I started using it for social causes . We 've worked on everything from water issues to girl child education issues , to hand washing , sanitation issues , HIV/AIDS . For me , I feel that my talent , whatever God has given me , my abilities that God has given me , is for me to utilize for that purpose .	Rocky Dawuni is a reggae musician and spokesman for social causes Dawuni is the creator of the annual Independence Splash festival in Ghana He works to raise awareness on issues like clean water , HIV/AIDS and education for girls
Mashable  -- After retiring the floppy disk in March , Sony has halted the manufacture and distribution of another now-obsolete technology : the cassette Walkman , the first low-cost , portable music player . The final batch was shipped to Japanese retailers in April , according to IT Media . Once these units are sold , new cassette Walkmans will no longer be available through the manufacturer . The first generation Walkman  which was called the Soundabout in the U.S. , and the Stowaway in the UK  was released on July 1 , 1979 in Japan . Although it later became a huge success , it only sold 3,000 units in its first month . Sony managed to sell some 200 million iterations of the cassette Walkman over the product line 's 30-year career . Mashable.com : Sony retires the floppy disk Somewhat ironically , the announcement was delivered just one day ahead of the iPod 's ninth anniversary on October 23 , although the decline of the cassette Walkman is attributed primarily to the explosive popularity of CD players in the '90s , not the iPod .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The cassette Walkman was the first low-cost , portable music player Final batch was shipped to Japanese retailers in April First generation Walkman was released on July 1 , 1979 in Japan Announcement delivered just one day ahead of the iPod 's ninth anniversary
CNN  -- In most of the old TV Westerns , there was a moment at the end where the cowboy rode away . He 's delivered justice , empowered the townsfolk and ended the crisis . The good guy knows he will be needed elsewhere . It 's mythology , of course ; the historical American West was bloody and brutal and often without honor . But there were still a lot of people who hoped the cowboy icon was precisely the self-image Texas Gov. Rick Perry was realizing as he took the stage to make an announcement about his "  exciting future plans . " But this is not the scene where the cowboy rides away . It 's a bit more like the one where he refuses to leave the saloon and has to be thrown out onto the street . In spite of promoting his Monday event in San Antonio for a week , Perry did n't speak in any detail about his plans . Democrats and progressives had a bit of excitement , however . The governor said he was not running for re-election to the state 's top political job . It will be 18 months before Perry leaves office after a 14-year tenure as the longest-serving governor in Texas history . And that final year and a half and what he 's going to do with it is where Perry exercised his skills at being politically vague . Which is why pundits tend to say Perry is hard to predict . But he 's not . Since the day he switched political parties under the tutelage of Karl Rove almost a quarter century ago , Perry has been an extreme conservative who gave away hundreds of millions in taxpayer money to corporations . And when the tea party metastasized into Texas politics , he walked his conservatism over to the right edge of the flat earth . His lust for guns and God and his hatred of abortion rights and gay rights make him a strong Republican primary candidate among the activist voters , but an unlikely voice for most of America seeking a president in 2016 . But he 's still going to try , bless his heart . Perry will use his remaining time in office to raise money . The signal for this was the site of his announcement , which was a Caterpillar plant outside San Antonio . The manufacturer 's chief executive reportedly has given Perry more than $ 680,000 since he became governor , and Caterpillar received millions in tax abatements and a $ 10 million grant from the Texas Enterprise Fund , which has disproportionately awarded money to generous Perry campaign donors . An Emerging Technology Fund and the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas offered the same fiduciary delights for GOP business leaders that are believers in Perry . In fact , the institute 's operation was so political all of the top scientists drawn to the project resigned and the district attorney in Austin launched a criminal investigation . When the district attorney was arrested on a driving while intoxicated charge , however , Perry vetoed funding for her unit , which was investigating his potential misconduct . Case closed . It 's good to be king . And he kind of is in Texas . No one should expect anything new out of Perry . He will keep traveling the country annoying other state leaders while talking about jobs in Texas and acting like he persuaded God to pour dinosaur wine into our soil and then seduced California tech companies into moving where real estate and labor are less expensive . Texas has always been a job engine because of natural resources , weather and people , not politicians . No mention will be made by Perry of the fact that a large number of jobs lured to Texas using taxpayer money are minimum wage , nor will he talk about how Texas is 50th in the percentage of population with a high school diploma , or how it 's first in the nation with 28.8 % uninsured . The governor will keep arguing against Obamacare regardless of the fact it insures 3 million more Texans and reduces the uninsured overall to 12 % . Do n't expect him to detail , either , that his state is 50th in per capita spending on health care , 51st in benefits for the Women , Infants and Children program , and , even though he is pushing abortion restrictions , Perry will certainly not let anyone know he presides over a state ranked 50th in the percentage of women receiving prenatal care in their first trimesters . And if his leadership has been so inspiring , why is it that Texas is also last in the percentage of the voting age population that actually votes ? Instead , look for Perry to associate more publicly with the Texas Public Policy Foundation , a conservative state think tank founded by one of his biggest donors . He 'll try to gin up a little gravitas on issues , work on keeping three items in his head at one time , and launch a Super PAC that he can use to support conservative candidates in 2014 , and then call upon them for returned favors when he runs in 2016 . The two Super PACs associated with his previous presidential stumble have about $ 500,000 already , and Perry has been consistently skilled at leveraging the governor 's office to raise cash for his political fantasies . The Texas governor has a good life . And he knows it . He 's already drawing his $ 7,698 a month pension from the state , and his $ 150,000 salary , living in a beautiful mansion in downtown Austin , and traveling on jets with an entourage of security and sycophants . But that 's nothing compared with being president . So , no , the cowboy is n't riding away . He 's hanging around the saloon . And trying to get another drink . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of James C. Moore .	James Moore : Rick Perry says he wo n't run for governor again but was vague on future plans Moore : Perry will run for president , even though his extremism is out of step Perry will use remaining time in office to raise money , launch Super PAC , he says Moore : He gave millions to corporations but has abysmal record on education , health care
CNN  -- Whether you 're looking for a laid-back evening or want to party the night away , there are plenty of bars and clubs in Malmo to keep you entertained . Slagthuset is Scandinavia 's biggest nightclub . Many nights start out in Lilla Torg , which boasts a wide array of restaurants and lounges . Sip cocktails at Victors -- if the weather 's good , grab your drinks and head to the outdoor terrace . An equally popular hangout is nearby Moosehead , which has a more casual-woodsy vibe . Be sure to order the moose meat burger . A vibrant club scene exists in Malmo , which is home to Slagthuset  Jorgen Kocksgatan 7A  -- the largest nightclub in Scandinavia . Young dancers spread out over three dance floors at the club located behind Central Station . As its name suggests , Club Prive  Malmborgsgatan 7  draws an exclusive crowd . To chill in style , head to Torso Twisted  Vastra Varvsgatan 44  in the hip Western Harbor district . The restaurant serves gastronomic delights , and at night the lounge is decidedly cool . Indulge in one of the lavish cocktails or sample from the impressive wine list . You can also find the trendy set partying the evening away at Hipp  Kalendegatan 12  . You can hang out in the restaurant or two bars or head straight to the pulsating nightclub . Satisfy your thirst for beer at Tva Krogare  Storgatan 35  . The pub dishes up traditional Swedish fare and you 'll likely find locals playing a game of darts . For a taste of British in Malmo , try The Bishop 's Arms  Norra Vallgatan 62  . Located inside the Hotel Savoy , it serves staples like fish and chips and has a wide assortment of beers available . If parties begin in Lilla Torg , they tend to end in Mollevangen . The bohemian neighborhood is dotted with bars that stay open well into the night . Prices in this area are n't as cheap as they once were but are still lower than compared to what you 'll find in the city center . Local musicians hang out at hip Tempo Bar and Kok  Sodra Skolgatan 30  . For something a little different , try Chokladfabriken  Bergsgatan 33  , a club housed in an old chocolate factory that plays mostly hip hop , funk and soul . Malmo 's passion for music makes it a great place to take in live performances . Kulturbolaget  Bergsgatan 18  , one of the best venues for live acts , is a veritable Swedish institution . The club puts on about 220 rock concerts annually . Inkonst  Bergsgatan 29  , a so-called culture house , puts on shows and club evenings . Jazz enthusiasts get into their groove at Jeriko  Spangatan 38  , named such because it 's housed in a former church . ... . Malmo City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop Do you agree with our Malmo picks ? Share your comments and suggestions in the SoundOff box below .	The bars and restaurants around Lilla Torg are a great place to start the night From rock to jazz , there are plenty of venues to take in live music Malmo is a clubber 's paradise , with several pulsating nightclubs
CNN  -- A 6-year-old girl has died after her 8-year-old brother took her on a joyride in their mother 's car and crashed Wednesday night in South Phoenix , police said . The children 's mother believed they had been kidnapped when she discovered they were missing , said Sgt. Steve Martos of the Phoenix Police Department . "  It 's a tragic story , all the way round , " said Martos , who did not give the children 's names . The mother gave the children a bath and put them to bed around 9:30 p.m. , he said . The children 's grandmother , who lives nearby , was driving home when saw her daughter 's front door open . She went in , woke up the woman , and they discovered both the children were missing , Martos said . As they came out to check with neighbors , the children 's mother discovered that her car -- a 2010 Hyundai Elantra which had been parked outside -- was also gone , Martos said . The frantic mother called 911 around 10:25 p.m. , saying she believed someone had kidnapped her children . Police said they started to get numerous 911 calls starting around 10:15 p.m. . One caller said the car had struck a fence . Another who followed the vehicle reported that children were inside . At around 10:30 p.m. , when police tried to pull the vehicle over , it veered to the right and hit a pole , Martos said . "  This was one of those situations when the officers believed they were trying to rescue kids from a possible kidnapper , " Martos said . "  When they ran up to the vehicle , they found an 8-year-old in the driver 's seat , and a 6-year-old in the passenger seat , severely injured . " Responding officers started life-saving measures until the fire department arrived , Martos said . Both the children were dressed in their pajamas . The 6-year-old was not wearing a seat belt . The air bag did not deploy . The mother , who lives within a block of the where the accident occurred walked to the scene and discovered that her children were in the car . The 6-year-old died around 4 a.m. Thursday in a local hospital . The 8-year-old boy was treated for minor injuries . Martos said at this point they do not know what prompted the 8-year-old to take his mom 's car . They have not spoken to the boy , but no criminal complaints are expected to be filed , he said . CNN 's Meredith Edwards contributed to this story .	A 6-year-old girl is dead after her 8-year-old brother took her for joyride The car crashed into a pole in Phoenix Wednesday night The children 's mom believed they had been kidnapped "  It 's a tragic story , all the way round , " Phoenix police say
Cairo  CNN  -- Islamist parties made dramatic advances in Egypt 's parliamentary elections during the first round of voting for lawmakers this week , a result reflecting a growing embrace of religious-oriented sentiment across turbulent North Africa . "  We accept the results of the elections in any case because it 's the will of the people , and our rivals should embrace it too because this is the true democracy we fought for and we wish our liberal brothers better results in the next two rounds , " Mahmoud Ghozlan , spokesman of the relatively moderate Muslim Brotherhood , whose Freedom and Justice Party  FJP  won 40 % of the vote . Al Noor Salafi Movement , a hard-line Muslim group , had the second-highest total , 20 % , in the first round of voting for the lower house of parliament , according to Yousri Abdel Kareem , head of the executive office of the Higher Judicial Election Council . In the first election after the toppling of President Hosni Mubarak , the tallies reflected similar results in Morocco and Tunisia . Moderate Islamists in those North African nations prevailed in recent elections amid the wave of political discontent across the Arabic-speaking world this year . Secularists were n't surprised at the result but they were stunned that some longtime secular groups performed poorly . "  The strong showing of the Islamists should serve to mobilize more support for secular candidate , " said Mohamed Ghoneim , speaking for the liberal Egyptian Bloc that garnered 15 % of the vote . "  We need to build on that and we are going for it . " Ghoneim said voters were turned off by some secular candidates because they come from Mubarak 's old National Democratic Party . The Muslim Brotherhood is entrenched in mainstream Egyptian politics . Most are highly educated -- doctors , lawyers , engineers , professors and businessmen -- and come from solidly middle-class backgrounds . Al Noor Salafi is the first Salafist group to register as a political party in Egypt . Salafis are conservative , religious purists and have been accused of stoking sectarian strife against Egypt 's Christian minority and of plotting to undermine the country 's fledgling democracy . This week 's voting in Egypt marked the initial part of a complex , multi-step process that will first pick members of the lower house of parliament . Voters had to cast three votes , two for independent candidates and one for a party or coalition . Four independent candidates won but runoff elections for those who did n't win clear majorities will be held Monday and Tuesday . One of the four is Amr Hamzawy , once a research director at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a spokesman of the "  Board of Wise Men , " which worked to foster negotiations between the government and protesters . Presidential elections will be held by June , according to the military , which has rulied the country since Mubarak 's fall . "  The success of Islamist parties will make it much more difficult , if not impossible , for the Egyptian military to prolong its political control and to recreate a political system along the lines of Hosni Mubarak , as it appeared intent on doing . " Marina Ottaway , a senior associate of Carnegie 's Middle East program , said in an analysis on Friday . Voter turnout was initially reported by the country 's election board at 62 % , but the board said it would recalculate the figure after reporters raised questions about the number of registered voters used in the calculation , suggesting the true figure was lower . Abdel Moez Ibrahim , head of the judicial election committee said problems arose during the polling that will be addressed in the next round of voting . They include campaigning on the days of the elections , long lines and the late arrival of a limited number of ballots . Ibrahim said sending vehicles to pick up judges and handing out paper ballots the night before elections are among solutions to problems . Ibrahim said the process has been triumphant for Egyptian democracy . "  The winner of these elections is the Egyptian people , " he said . As for the future , the Carnegie analysis says "  the response of the military and secular parties , and the political acumen of the FJP " will determine whether the future government will be "  dominated by Islamists , including hard-line Salafis , or a less threatening alliance of the FJP and secular parties , " Ottaway said . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Egyptians are real "  winners " of election process , official says Liberals say they 'll try harder in the next two rounds The Muslim Brotherhood calls results the "  will of the people he Islamist surge reflects a trend in North Africa
DUBAI  CNN  -- A court in Dubai sentenced two men Wednesday to 15 years in prison for the rape and kidnapping of a 15-year-old French boy . Veronique Robert , mother of the 15-year-old French-Swiss teen , speaking outside a court in Dubai . The boy 's mother , Veronique Robert , was visibly upset after the sentence was read and promised to appeal . Robert , a French journalist , brought the case to the media 's attention in recent months in an effort to shed light on what she deemed to be injustices in the pro-Western emirate of Dubai . Robert said Wednesday 's sentence was too lenient for a crime that she believes is tantamount to attempted murder because one of her son 's attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape . She refrained from asking the death penalty for her son 's attackers , but said she hoped the sentence would be much longer . A spokesman for the Dubai government , Habib al Mulla , told CNN the sentence was in accordance with international standards and was not lenient . "  Today 's verdict has proven that the system is efficient and is fair to all parties involved , " al Mulla said . The case began in July , when the two men , 36 and 18 , kidnapped and raped the French teenager at knifepoint . Robert contacted French diplomats , who took up the allegations with Dubai authorities . Al Mulla said police action was swift and arrests were made within 24 hours . But Robert has said the case was botched from the start , beginning with her son 's examination by a doctor who said her son was gay . Homosexuality in Dubai is illegal , and the teen could have faced as much as a year in prison . Robert 's son has since returned to France and was not in court for Wednesday 's sentencing . Robert has also said Dubai authorities repeatedly concealed evidence -- confirmed in court papers -- that one of the attackers was HIV-positive . Robert said her son , who is still awaiting test results to find out whether he has the virus , could have gotten treatment much sooner had they known . Dubai authorities deny any evidence was concealed . The case has shed light on Dubai 's attitudes toward rape and homosexuality , which some Western observers have said is outdated . Al Mulla , however , said Wednesday 's sentencing and the government 's handling of the case proves the country 's system works . "  It 's today 's verdict which proves that there is a system , " al Mulla said . "  The system is working properly . However , if there is any room for any improvement in the system , we 'll definitely look into it , consider it , and if there 's any room for improvement , we 'll implement it . " The mother has already filed suit in courts in Paris and Geneva , Switzerland seeking compensation from Sheikh Khalifa , president of the United Arab Emirates , and the prime minister and vice president of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed al Maktoum . She is also suing others , including the Dubai police chief . Robert started a Web site over the summer , boycottdubai.com , demanding better treatment for children who suffer sexual assault there . At a press conference last month , she proclaimed , "  We are here because I just would like first justice for my son ; and second for every girl and boy who was raped and even had no chance to speak . " Robert said she will drop all her pending cases if the government sets up rape clinics , recognizes the status of rape victims , and takes precautions after rape against sexually-transmitted diseases . In the wake of Wednesday 's verdict , Robert said a Dubai government official told her the emirate plans to open its first rape clinic , which she said was a small victory . The government has not yet officially announced its plans to open such a facility . Al Mulla told CNN that Dubai believes a reception center for rape victims is "  a good solution . " "  We are considering it , " he said , regarding Robert 's request . "  We believe it 's good . It 's good for the victims , and it 's good for the whole system . " E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Wilf Dinnick contributed to this report .	Dubai court sentences two men to 15 years for rape , kidnapping of 15-year-old boy One of the attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape Family of the French victim says this makes attack akin to attempted murder Family say case investigation botched , want more severe sentence
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Seventeen-year-old women should be able to buy the "  morning-after pill " without a prescription within a few weeks , a government spokesman said Thursday . Plan B , also called the morning-after pill , is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex . The Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday that the contraceptive will be available over the counter to 17-year-olds , as it currently is for women 18 and older . Agency spokesman George Strait said Thursday the approval process for the change will not take long . "  It 's likely to be weeks , rather than months or years before it 's approved , " he said . The FDA just needs to review the label changes from the drug 's maker , Duramed , Strait said . Once that 's done , the approval will be complete . On March 23 , a federal court ordered that Plan B , an emergency contraception pill , be made available over the counter to those 17 and older , the agency said in a statement on its Web site . The agency will not appeal that order , the statement said . In the order , U.S. District Judge Edward Korman also asked the agency to consider whether the pill should be available to women of all ages without a prescription , saying that such a determination is best left to the expertise of the FDA rather than a federal district judge . Watch more on the Plan B controversy " And he rebuked the FDA for apparently departing from its own procedures with respect to making decisions on the pill 's over-the-counter status , noting the "  unusual involvement of the White House in the Plan B decision-making process . " The plaintiffs in the case presented "  unrebutted evidence of the FDA 's lack of good faith " toward the application to switch Plan B from prescription to non-prescription use , the judge wrote . "  This lack of good faith is evidenced by , among other things ,  1  repeated and unreasonable delays , pressure emanating from the White House , and the obvious connection between the confirmation process of two FDA commissioners and the timing of the FDA 's decisions ; and  2  significant departures from the FDA 's normal procedures and policies ... as compared to the review of other switch applications in the past 10 years , " Korman wrote . In August 2006 , the FDA approved the sale of Plan B without a prescription to those 18 and older , but those 17 and under needed a prescription to obtain it . But , the agency said in Wednesday 's statement , "  in accordance with the court 's order , and consistent with the scientific findings since 2005 by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , FDA sent a letter to the manufacturer of Plan B that the company may , upon submission and approval of an appropriate application , market Plan B without a prescription to women 17 years of age and older . " "  No useful purpose would be served by continuing to deprive 17-year-olds access to Plan B without a prescription , " Korman wrote in his order . "  Indeed , the record shows that FDA officials and staff both agreed that 17-year-olds can use Plan B safely without a prescription . The FDA 's justification for this age restriction , that pharmacists would be unable to enforce the prescription requirement if the cutoff were age 17 , rather than 18 , lacks all credibility . " Watch bloggers debate the merits of Plan B " Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said in a statement that the FDA 's announcement is "  a strong statement to American women that their health comes before politics . And that 's the way it should be . This decision is common-sense policy that will help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and protect the health and safety of all women . " The morning-after pill -- made by Duramed , a subsidiary of Barr Pharmaceuticals -- is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex . It works by stopping ovulation and decreasing the chances that a fertilized egg will attach to the uterus . When used within 72 hours of unprotected sex , it can lower the risk of pregnancy by almost 90 percent , the maker says . Some critics charge that the drug 's action amounts to an abortion , and opposed making it available over the counter . Others expressed health concerns . "  Plan B is a high dose of birth control pills . ... The FDA violated its standards when it made the high-dose Plan B available nonprescription to adults . But now the FDA is making the drug available to minors without parental consent , " the Concerned Women for America , a Washington-based conservative Christian group , said Wednesday . "  Parents should be furious that the FDA is putting their minor daughters at risk , " the group said .	Judge asks FDA to weigh availability to women of all ages Court ordered in March that Plan B be made available OTC to women over 17 The FDA will not appeal the order Emergency contraceptive prevents pregnancy after unprotected sex
CNN  -- Space shuttle astronaut Randy Bresnik has welcomed a daughter -- from space . Bresnik is part of the crew on the space shuttle Atlantis , currently docked with the International Space Station . Bresnik called Mission Control at 6:14 a.m. ET Sunday to announce the birth of Abigail Mae Bresnik about seven hours earlier , according to the NASA Web site on the shuttle mission . The baby weighed 6 pounds , 13 ounces and was 20 inches long . "  Just wanted to take this opportunity to report some good news , " Bresnik said , according to a NASA transcript . "  At 11:04 last night , Abigail Mae Bresnik joined the NASA family , and mama and baby are doing very well . " Bresnik had private communication channels arranged in advance for the birth , the agency said . Atlantis lifted off Monday on a mission to deliver parts to the international space station . "  I think like most parents , I would prefer to be there at the birth for sure , but we do n't pick this timing and so it 's ... a little bit disappointing not to see her in person right when she enters the world , " Bresnik said in a preflight interview , a transcript of which is posted on the NASA Web site . "  But fortunately , through the wonders of modern technical advancements and our amazing communication systems on the ISS and space shuttle , hopefully I 'll be able to hear and see the pictures and be able to talk with her maybe on the IP phone and see some video shortly thereafter and be home only a few days afterwards . " NASA did not disclose the location of Bresnik 's wife and daughter , citing privacy concerns . The couple already has a 3-year-old son , whom they adopted from Ukraine a year ago , Bresnik said . Bresnik 's wife echoed his mixed feelings in the preflight interview . "  I 'm a little disappointed that he wo n't be able to be there , but understanding that we do n't choose the timing , and -LSB- I 'm -RSB- excited for him that he 's doing what he 's doing , " said Rebecca Bresnik , a NASA attorney . She said labor was being induced two weeks early for medical reasons , "  so we 're able to play with the date a little bit . " The shuttle crew was awakened Sunday morning by the song "  Butterfly Kisses , " which was selected for Bresnik , NASA said . The song , by Bob Carlisle , is about a man and his daughter . It was the second time a baby has been born to a U.S. astronaut who was on a space mission . Mike Fincke 's daughter was born in June 2004 while he was aboard the international space station , NASA said . Bresnik and astronaut Robert Satcher Jr. were gearing up Sunday for a third and final spacewalk , planned for Monday . The two will prepare spacesuits and tools Sunday , along with reviewing the updated procedures , NASA said . The spacewalk was replanned overnight after Bresnik and Mike Foreman were able to get ahead during a spacewalk Saturday , according to NASA . The shuttle is scheduled to land on Friday . CNN Radio 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Abigail Mae Bresnik was born Saturday night as her astronaut dad orbited Earth Randy Bresnik is part of space shuttle Atlantis crew currently at space station Bresnik and another astronaut spend Sunday preparing for Monday spacewalk Bresnik says he 's sorry not to see baby "  in person right when she enters the world "
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- While dramatizing the against-the-odds rescue of a noble , harmonious alien society called the Na ` vi , James Cameron 's "  Avatar " may also effectuate the rescue of a nasty , contentious alien society known as Hollywood -- or at least save Tinseltown 's annual Oscar extravaganza from its long-term ratings slump . The annual Academy Awards telecast used to be one of the big , unifying cultural events that most Americans shared and talked about -- like the Super Bowl , or presidential election night , or Christmas Eve . As recently as the 1990 's , more than 40 million U.S. viewers -- according to The Nielsen Company -- watched the broadcast in whole or in part , and spoke the next day about the best and worst gowns , the dumbest acceptance speeches , and the biggest surprises in the major categories . Beginning with the awards for the film year 2003 , however , the ratings for Hollywood 's big show took a sharp turn for the worse , dipping consistently below the 40 million figure  despite sharply increased population  and reaching an all-time low in 2008 , according to Nielsen . The problem was n't the quality of the hosts or the clumsiness of the big musical numbers , but the year-after-year nature of the top nominated films , with deeply depressing , art-house fare  "  Million Dollar Baby , " "  Crash "  reliably crowding out more popular releases . The infamous 2008 Oscar telecast experienced a crash all its own , with just 31.76 million viewers -- or barely one out of ten Americans , according to Nielsen . As The Hollywood Reporter observed , the collapse in the size of the audience had everything to do with the gloomy nature of the leading nominees , all of which scored high on "  the depression meter . ... ` Atonement , ' ` Michael Clayton , ' ` Juno , ' ` No Country for Old Men , ' and ` There Will Be Blood ' were the bedsheet-noose best picture nominees . " The ratings last year rebounded slightly , with the relatively upbeat "  Slum Dog Millionaire " delivering some old-fashioned uplift with its reassuringly familiar poor-boy-makes-good and love-conquers-all messages , despite the exotic  and sometimes brutal  Mumbai , India , settings . For this year 's March 7 broadcast , however , industry insiders tell me they expect a spectacular increase in the size of the TV audience -- perhaps even surpassing the huge 1998 ratings that set a recent record : 55 million viewers , nearly twice the viewership for 2008 , according to Nielsen . Sure , Billy Crystal 's sprightly humor helped attract the hordes who viewed the '98 spectacle -- but the big attraction was a very big movie : "  Titanic , " the ultimate winner of 11 Oscars and , at the time , the top grossing motion picture ever released . No wonder James Cameron proudly proclaimed himself "  king of the world " while scooping up his gold baldie for Best Director . Well , 2010 will witness the "  Return of the King "  you should pardon the expression  , with "  Avatar " replacing "  Titanic " as history 's top money-maker and listed as a heavy favorite for numerous Academy Awards  particularly in the technical arena  . The Oscar telecast will get a huge boost from all the avid "  Avatar " fanatics , many of whom have seen the movie over and over again . Popular favorite Sandra Bullock , odds-on favorite to win Best Actress  she 's already won the Golden Globes , the Screen Actors Guild Awards and tied for the Critics Choice Awards  will draw additional viewers who made the heartwarming , faith-family-and-football saga "  The Blind Side " one of last year 's most successful surprises . Ironically , the presence of such populist fare on any list of sure-thing nominees makes the much-ballyhooed reform of the Best Picture category largely unnecessary when it comes to insuring a successful telecast . Instead of five nominees as in the past , this year the Academy selected 10 films as candidates for the top prize , hoping to guarantee at least a few popular box office winners to go along with the usual dark , despairing and little-seen indie offerings on the ever-popular theme of "  Life Sucks . "  Actually , Mel Brooks directed a 1991 film originally entitled "  Life Sucks , " later released as "  Life Stinks , " which won no Oscar nominations and garnered the worst box office returns of his long , distinguished career . The good side of doubling the number of nominees involves increasing the chances for worthy films to get additional recognition , like the superb animated Disney/Pixar release "  Up , " which was nominated for Best Picture . There is , however , a downside to the expansion of the Best Picture category : By swelling the number of nominees , the Academy contributes to the ongoing fragmentation of our culture . In recent years , only a handful of ferociously committed film buffs  and professional critics  could claim to have seen all five of the top nominees , and with ten choices now for the top prize , the number of moviegoers to have seen them all -- or even able to talk about them all -- will shrink even further . In a similar vein , the expansion of television into innumerable cable networks  way beyond the traditional big three broadcast operations  may have vastly expanded the number of worthy offerings , but greatly reduces the cultural impact of any one of them . "  Mad Men " or "  The Sopranos " may be great , but ca n't compare to the ability of old shows like "  I Love Lucy " or "  Mash " or "  The Cosby Show " to bring Americans together for a few moments of entertainment across all demographic divisions . Because of "  Avatar 's " phenomenal popularity , it may look like this year 's Oscar show will have recaptured that unifying potential ; but once the Na ` vi send the corporate invaders back to Earth and recede into movie history , the centrifugal force of too many choices and ever-multiplying niche audiences will kick in once more and dictate the further atomization of our civilization . Not even James Cameron can fight the long-term trend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Medved .	Film critic Michael Medved : Expanded Oscar nominations fragment culture Insiders expect boost in TV viewers -- perhaps more than ' 98 's 55 million , says Medved Oscar telecast will get a big boost from avid "  Avatar " fanatics , says Medved Ratings have slumped since 2003 because of depressing , artsy movies , he says
Beijing , China  CNN  Hu Mingming lands spin-kicks and splits with ease , but her hands are shaking too much to tie a bow . She is a student at the famous Henan Shaolin Martial Arts School . In recent years , their gravity-defying brand of kung fu has become a staple of the annual televised Lunar New Year Gala . "  Last year I watched my classmates perform on stage and I felt nervous for them . Now it is my turn , " says Hu . She has a right to be nervous . The gala , a variety show broadcast on state television since 1983 , is a cultural phenomenon and a key propaganda tool of the Chinese Communist Party . It 's also a ratings juggernaut . Combine the viewers of the Oscars , Emmys , American Idol finales and MTV Video Music Awards -- then throw in the Super Bowl ratings for good measure -- you are not even close . Organizers like to say that more than 90 % of Chinese families tune in . Last year , it drew more than 700 million viewers . "  There is a huge amount of pressure , " says Zhang Hu , Hu 's coach , who has also performed in the gala . "  And each rehearsal is like an inspection . " Just days before the real deal and after months of practice , the producers are still cutting segments to fine tune the show to around 36 acts . At Saturday 's rehearsal , performers hustled backstage near studio doors manned by security guards in white gloves . Chinese opera singers adjusted their elaborate headgear ; 5-year-old acrobats swarmed around movie stars and a group of glamorous dancers posed for selfies . In pictures : Lunar New Year 2015 On the sidelines of the mayhem , the acrobats , crooners and pop starlets all had the same mantra for me : This year the gala is going global . They are impressively on message . In recent months , state broadcaster CCTV has touted business deals with YouTube , Google and Twitter to reach out to a global audience with coverage of this year 's Gala . Never mind that all of those websites are blacked out by Communist Party censors inside of China , provoking widespread ridicule by Chinese netizens . "  Different countries have different Internet regulations . It 's not up to us , " said Jing Chunhan , a spokesman for CCTV , adding that the Chinese have plenty of ways to watch inside China . CCTV has even rented a video billboard in the heart of New York 's Time Square to plug the show . Some academics see it as an unusually overt push to win hearts and minds amongst the some fifty million Chinese in the diaspora . "  This aggressive push for Chinese soft power is new , " says Tao Xie , a professor of International Studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University . "  The approach in the past used to be cautious and low profile . " For soft power to work , though , the gala needs to stay relevant . When it began more than three decades ago , there was n't much else on offer for entertainment in China . Now , even the heavily censored Chinese internet is stiff competition . Last year , young Chinese started a meme online with photos of their relatives sleeping through the gala on the couch . But watching the program is still a force of habit for many Chinese . Xu Baoyu , a college senior at the University of Iowa , says she used to watch the show because it was "  just there . " On Wednesday , she says she will be watching the gala on YouTube from her off campus apartment in Iowa City . "  The Spring Festival just does n't feel complete without the gala , " she told CNN by phone . "  Although I do like to mock the show while my mom is watching in China . " CNN 's Serena Dong and Shen Lu contributed to this report .	China wants its annual Lunar New Year Gala to go global . It has made deals with YouTube , Facebook , Twitter and Google . Gala organizers say 700 million viewers tuned into the show last year .
CNN  -- Five young men died Saturday when the car they were in drove off the end of a private airstrip near Ocala , Florida , became airborne for 200 feet and slammed into an oak tree , authorities said . The 2008 BMW was split in two in the violent wreck . All of the victims died at the scene . "  This had to be the worst vehicle crash that I have ever seen during my career , " said Randy Robinson , a spokesman for the Emergency Medical Services Alliance with 27 years on the job . The 2008 BMW was split in two in the wreck , which happened at 3:45 a.m. , said Lt. Mike Burroughs , a spokesman for the Florida Highway Patrol Troop B . He told CNN the victims -- 18 to 20 years old and all from the area -- were declared dead at the scene . Burroughs said it was not clear how the car got onto the private Greystone community airstrip -- the same one actor John Travolta uses for his aircraft -- but the car was driving north on Runway 36 , which is 1.5 miles long . "  It is evident that the driver of the vehicle saw he was approaching the end of the runway , " Burroughs said . "  He attempted a braking maneuver and the vehicle slid sideways off the end of the runway . " The car flew through the air for 200 feet , he said , and struck an oak tree 15 feet off the ground , splitting the vehicle in two . Three of the occupants were ejected -- one landing 40 feet away , Burroughs said . The engine block of the BMW was completely dislodged and wreckage from the car was found over a 200-square-foot area , the FHP spokesman said . It was not known if the victims were wearing seat belts and the agency was awaiting the results of toxicology tests from the medical examiner 's office to find out if alcohol or drugs played a role , Burroughs said . The airstrip 's private taxiways back up to homes in the Jumbolair and Greystone gated communities . E-mail to a friend	The car was driving on a runway at 3:45 a.m. when the driver hit the brakes The 2008 BMW flew through the air for 200 feet and struck an oak tree All of the victims were declared dead at the scene The car was split in two by the force of the crash
CNN  -- The tornado that tore through the Oklahoma City suburbs this week ranks among the strongest storms ever to strike the United States , packing powerful winds that topped 200 mph . Officials from the National Weather Service gave the tornado that hit Moore on Monday a preliminary EF5 rating -- the highest score on the scale that measures tornado intensities . The Enhanced Fujita scale uses the physical damage caused by the storm to estimate how fast the wind was blowing . Opinion : How can we be safe from tornadoes ? Teams are still evaluating the destruction , and the rating released Tuesday is preliminary . So far , they 've found that the tornado spanned 1.3 miles -- the length of more than 22 football fields lined up end-to-end -- carving a 17-mile path of destruction . Damage assessments show that the tornado was an EF5 for at least some of the time it was ravaging the area near Oklahoma City . Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett did n't mince words Tuesday when he described what he saw . "  We 're talking levels of debris that 's 4 feet high , as far as you can see . And we 're talking about cars that are upside-down and school books and children 's toys and trees without bark , " he said . "  This was the storm of storms . " Tornado prediction is improving , scientists say As officials continue to assess the damage , here are CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen 's responses to some key questions about the storm : What are EF5 storms ? Storms now used the Enhanced Fujita scale , or EF scale , which is based on damage , which than translates to estimated winds . EF5 storms are the strongest storms on Earth , with winds of over 200 mph . How frequent are EF5 storms ? You can go years without an EF5 tornado . In fact , since 1950 this is only the 59th tornado on record that has reached that threshold . How frequent are storms of this strength in this area ? While EF5 storms are rare , the area in the Plains known as "  Tornado Alley " is a focus for when this happens . There also seems to be a focus for strong tornadoes in an area known as "  Dixie Alley , " which covers parts of the Southeast and includes Mississippi , Tennessee , Alabama and Georgia . Opinion : The making of a nightmare tornado What factors give rise to a storm of this strength ? A number of factors have to come together at the right time and place to produce a strong tornado . The clash of warm and cold air at the surface combined with lift in the atmosphere and strong winds both at the ground and high above help contribute . The greater the temperature differences and the winds , the greater the chance for supercells , or the thunderstorms that produce tornadoes . Deadliest tornadoes on record How long does it take to assess the strength of a storm ? Why does it take so long ? After a tornado , the local National Weather Service office sends a team to take a look at the damage . In this case , the Norman , Oklahoma , office sent numerous teams in the field to evaluate damage . Since this storm path was 17 miles long and the damage path was so wide , it takes time to see all of the damage . Some people are calling this the strongest storm ever . Is that accurate ? Crews are still surveying the damage . The strongest tornado on record to date struck Moore in 1999 . It had winds recorded at 318 mph at 300 feet above the earth 's surface . At the surface , officials estimated winds were at 250 mph . The estimated winds of this week 's storm are 200-210 mph , but survey teams are still evaluating . It 's safe to say this is one of the strongest tornadoes . Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Officials give the Oklahoma tornado a preliminary EF5 rating Storm 's winds topped 200 mph as it carved a 17-mile path of destruction Tornado spanned 1.3 miles CNN senior meteorologist : "  It 's safe to say this is one of the strongest tornadoes "
CNN  -- EasyJet 's new London to Moscow route is an opportunity to attract more business travelers , according to the low cost airline 's chief executive . In an interview with CNN 's Nina Dos Santos , Carolyn McCall estimates that about one third of passengers on the four hour flight from London to Moscow would be traveling on business . The British carrier -- known for its bargain basement flights and tangerine-colored aircraft -- beat seven other airline giants to secure the rights to the London-Moscow route . But McCall tells CNN : "  We were convinced we had a good shot with this ; we have a very credible position for business passengers ... all the other airlines were focused on Heathrow not Gatwick and were very much focused on the front cabin and the premium experience . " McCall -- who was appointed CEO in July 2010 -- says the biggest challenge facing the company today is maintaining cost advantage over its competitors . She says : "  Our biggest cost after fuel is airports ; there is a huge focus from us on making sure we only pay an airport for what we use . " Efficiency and low operation overheads are central to the airline 's business model , according to McCall . "  I think it is very difficult for legacy carriers to compete with us on price and fares because they do n't have the cost structure that we have . "	EasyJet boss McCall estimates about one third of passengers on the flight from London to Moscow McCall -- who was appointed CEO in July 2010 -- says the biggest challenge is cost advantage "  Our biggest cost after fuel is airports , " says Chief Executive Carolyn McCall
CNN  -- Along with "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , " "  The Purge : Anarchy " may be one of the summer 's sequels that actually improves on the original . The follow-up to 2013 's horror flick "  The Purge , " "  Anarchy " raises the stakes just enough to get critics ' attention . As with its predecessor , the thriller is set in a near future when the U.S. government allows for a 12-hour "  purge " : a time period when the populace can do all the awful , horrible stuff they want with no consequences . Yep , that includes murder . Though the first film was written from the perspective of a wealthy family barricaded in their home , the sequel shifts to where the action is : the violence outside . Written and directed by James DeMonaco , who also oversaw "  The Purge , " "  Anarchy " follows a group of five individuals who find themselves stuck in the middle of the chaos , not wanting to maim anyone but just to stay alive . The result , says The New York Times ' Manohla Dargis , is a "  satisfyingly creepy , blunt , down-and-dirty thriller , one of those follow-ups that improves on the original . " The Hollywood Reporter agreed , writing in its review that " ` The Purge : Anarchy ' efficiently exploits its high-concept premise while delivering far more visceral thrills than its predecessor . Like it or not , a new franchise seems to have been born . " USA Today would put "  The Purge : Anarchy " directly into the "  B-movie " category , noting that while "  the film is rutted with plot holes , lapses in logic and tin-eared dialogue , " the "  jarring action and outlandish premise of a lawless free-for-all are somehow riveting and inane in almost equal measures . " About those plot holes : One of the most obvious to The Washington Post is the movie 's concept that the annual purge has turned into something more akin to "  The Hunger Games , " where the upper-class target the less fortunate for fun and the government uses the 12-hour killing spree as an opportunity to weed those deemed undesirable out of society . It might make for a fun horror flick , but the logic does n't add up , the paper critiques . "  This , of course , makes no economic sense , since killing your own workers is an even stupider business strategy than underpaying them -- and a sure-fire path to the poorhouse , " the Post review says . "  The film defies one of the fundamental rules of capitalism : Exploitation of the proletariat may be well and good , but do n't execute them all . " Story troubles aside , "  The Purge : Anarchy " is expected to do fairly well at the box office on opening weekend . With $ 2.61 million in the bag from Thursday night showings , predictions are circling a box office haul of about $ 30 million come Monday .	"  The Purge : Anarchy " is the sequel to 2013 's "  The Purge " The horror movie has received decent reviews Analysts predict it could earn up to $ 30 million its opening weekend
CNN  -- Andriy Shevchenko has returned to pro sports . But not in football -- and not to the standard of success he has been used to . The former European player of the year is competing in his first professional golf tournament as part of the Kharkov Superior Cup in his native Ukraine , but struggled to a 12-over-par 84 in Thursday 's opening round . "  It 's a completely different game when you are under pressure , but I really enjoyed it still and so happy to be at this tournament , even if my scoring did n't go so good . It 's a great experience for me , " Shevchenko told the European Tour website . His playing partner , Frenchman Victor Riu , was the first-round leader in the second-tier Challenge Tour event after a sharply contrasting course-record 64 . "  I am not a big fan of football so I did n't really know much about Andriy but it was great to play with him . There were a lot of people watching , " the 28-year-old said . "  He was great . Every time I holed a putt he shook my hand or gave me a high five . He was really pushing me on to play better and cheering me when I made birdies so that was a really big help for me . "  I did put it up on Facebook that I was playing with him and it got a lot of responses , so I knew it was a big deal ! Shevchenko , who enjoyed most of his success with Italian club AC Milan , retired from football a year ago after Ukraine co-hosted the European Championships and has since dabbled in politics . He entered this tournament as one of several amateurs in the 130-strong field , having initially taken up golf to help ease the pressure of playing elite football . "  I come on to a golf course and turn off my phone and just walk the course and hit some balls . It 's one of the reasons why I started to play , " he said Wednesday . "  I just found this great game where you have to be focused and balanced and that 's why I like it . I like that mental balance . " Shevchenko did manage one birdie , but he carded a double bogey and dropped shots at 11 other holes at the Superior Golf and Spa Resort course , which is part of a luxury seven-star facility . "  To play with Victor and see him shoot a course record and play fantastic golf , I learned so much about the game from the two guys , " he said . Shevchenko is n't the only athlete to try his hand at pro golf following a successful career in another sport . Former tennis No. 1 Yevgeny Kafelnikov became Russia 's national champion in 2011 -- he is also in the field this weekend in Ukraine -- and eight-time grand slam tennis winner Ivan Lendl contested the Czech Open back in 1996 . After Lendl struck an 11-over-par 82 in the first round , he was quoted as saying by the Chicago Tribune that it was "  five times worse than playing in a Wimbledon final . " Although similarly unlikely to make the halfway cut , and therefore miss out on the weekend action , Shevchenko is nonetheless proud to be participating in his country 's first major golf tournament . "  It 's the first event for me and also in Ukraine so it 's big for golf here , " he said . "  I love golf and I 'm so happy that golf is starting to pick up in Ukraine and the people are starting to invest money long term . "	Andriy Shevchenko makes his professional golf debut in his native Ukraine The 36-year-old cards 84 but his playing partner leads after shooting 64 Shevchenko retired from football after last year 's European Championships The Kharkov Superior Cup is the first major professional golf event to be held in Ukraine
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard is interviewing 21 people picked up by two cruise ships off Florida this week to determine their nationalities and whether they should be sent home , a spokesman said Saturday . The rafters are in Coast Guard custody , Petty Officer Mark Barney said . He would not disclose their countries of origin , though one of the ships involved in the rescue , the Carnival Conquest , said the 13 people it picked up are Cuban . The first rescue happened Thursday afternoon , when the Disney Wonder cruise ship picked up eight people on a raft about 45 miles from Key West , the cruise line said . iReporter captures photos of rafters prior to rescue A picture of the rescue taken by a Turner Broadcasting employee aboard the ship showed a boxy wooden vessel with a makeshift sail next to the ship as the rafters were helped aboard . Disney said the ship acted at the request of the Coast Guard to rescue the rafters . It did not give the nationalities of the eight , who were given medical attention , food and water once aboard . The ship was in the middle of a five-night cruise , a spokeswoman said . The second rescue was Friday afternoon in the same area , about 40 miles from Key West . Carnival said its ship spotted the raft and coordinated with the Coast Guard to take them aboard and give them food , water and medical treatment . "  We are happy to have come to the aid of these individuals and to support the long-established tradition among the global maritime community of providing assistance to mariners in distress , " Carnival President and Chief Executive Gerry Cahill said in a statement . The Conquest was on the last leg of a seven-day trip , the cruise line said . Solo yachtsman rescued after 3 days adrift at sea Disney cruise ship rescues 4 men off Florida Cruise ship rescues 23 Cubans at sea	Cruise ships pick up people on two rafts off Florida this week At least some of the rafters may be Cuban Coast Guard is holding the rafters until interviews are complete
CNN  -- A power supply problem left passengers stuck on Eurostar trains between Britain and France for several hours on Monday and early Tuesday , the high-speed rail company said . The glitch in the overhead electricity lines on the French side of the tunnel under the English Channel caused big delays on trains running in both directions . Eurostar , the company that operates the service , canceled several trains Monday and experienced "  severe delays totaling many hours on others , " said a company spokeswoman . Some trains were still between stations at 1:45 a.m. Tuesday in Britain , she added . The train operator has also canceled four trains scheduled for Tuesday and expects more delays , the spokeswoman said , since the power supply problem means the trains ca n't use the high-speed lines they usually travel on . CNN 's Juliet Mann was trying to get from Paris to London by Eurostar on Monday afternoon . "  It was very obvious as we trundled through the French countryside that we had been diverted from our usual route , " she said , saying the train driver made regular stops to check for status updates via fax . "  We pulled into  London 's  St. Pancras  station  four hours later than planned after the scenic tour of northern France , " she said . Eurostar gave passengers regular updates and glasses of water , and offered them a complimentary round-trip journey , Mann said . The travel disruption took place at an inconvenient time for the fashion world , coming near the end of a week of Pret A Porter shows in Paris . The Eurostar runs a route between London and Paris , stopping in some cases at smaller towns in between . CNN 's Brian Walker and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Passengers get the scenic tour of northern France , CNN 's Juliet Mann says Eurostar cancels several trains and experiences "  severe delays " on others The disruption is the result of a problem with the power supply The delays extend into Tuesday
CNN  -- Halle Berry married French actor Olivier Martinez in a private ceremony in France on Saturday , her representative confirmed Sunday . It 's the third marriage for the Oscar-winning actress , who announced in April that she is expecting a baby with Martinez . Berry , 46 , and Martinez , 47 , have been close companions since meeting on the set of "  Dark Tide " last year . He was by her side through the last months of her bitter custody battle with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry , the Canadian model who fathered her 5-year-old daughter Nahla . They reached "  an amicable agreement " over custody last November , a week after a fistfight in Berry 's Hollywood driveway between Martinez and Aubry . Berry was previously married to former pro baseball player David Justice -- from 1993 until 1996 -- and singer Eric Benet -- from 2001 to 2004 . "  I feel fantastic , " Berry told CNN when discussing her pregnancy in April . "  This has been the biggest surprise of my life , to tell you the truth . I thought I was kind of past the point where this could be a reality for me . So it 's been a big surprise and the most wonderful . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Halle Berry announced in April that she is expecting a baby with Olivier Martinez Berry , 46 , and Martinez , 47 , have been close companions since meeting on a set last year The actress has been married to pro baseball player David Justice and singer Eric Benet
CNN  -- Adam Greenberg struck out on three pitches Tuesday night , but you could n't tell that from his smile in the Miami Marlins ' dugout . He had waited seven years for this chance . Greenberg , 31 , was hit in the head by a pitch in his first and only Major League Baseball plate appearance , with the Chicago Cubs , in 2005 and had not played in the majors since . Greenberg signed a one-day contract with the Marlins on Tuesday afternoon in anticipation of taking a single at-bat in the night 's game against the New York Mets . Mets knuckleballer R.A. Dickey fanned Greenberg to lead off the bottom of the sixth inning . Greenberg was pinch-hitting for Marlins left fielder Bryan Petersen at the top of the order . The Marlins Stadium public address system played Aerosmith 's "  Dream On " as Greenberg , wearing No. 10 , walked up to the plate and took his place in the left-hand batter 's box . He took a strike from Dickey , swung at and missed the second pitch and then waved at a pitch around his chin for the third strike . The crowd cheered loudly for him as he returned to the dugout , where his one-day-only teammates congratulated him and slapped the beaming ballplayer on the back . Greenberg had petitioned the Cubs to let him come back for one official at-bat with them , but team officials turned him down . The Marlins agreed last week to help Greenberg make his dream come true . Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen said he planned to use him as a pinch-hitter in the middle of Tuesday night 's game , perhaps in the pitcher 's spot in the lineup , according to MLB.com . But pitcher Jacob Turner was pitching so well that Guillen would n't take him out for Greenberg . Follow late-breaking updates on This Just In "  I 'm ready to help the team , " Greenberg said in a tweet on the Marlins ' account . "  The Marlins are an amazing organization . ... I could n't be more thankful . " The pitch that knocked him out may have derailed a longer MLB career . On July 9 , 2005 , Greenberg stepped up to the plate to pinch-hit for the Cubs , who had just called him up from the minors , at Miami 's Dolphins Stadium . Valerio de los Santos ' pitch hit Greenberg in the head and sent him to the ground . Greenberg , in severe pain , had to leave the game without playing defense and no official at-bat -- it counts only as a plate appearance . As Chicago Magazine and ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines " have documented , Greenberg was dizzy for months , had blurred vision , and had trouble playing when he returned to the minors weeks after the incident . He eventually was diagnosed with positional vertigo . Symptoms eventually improved , but he struggled in the minors . He last played professionally in 2011 for the Atlantic League 's Bridgeport Bluefish in his home state , Connecticut , where he runs his LuRong Living business . ESPN kept Greenberg 's story alive with a couple "  OTL " segments . And this year , filmmaker Matt Liston made it his mission to get him a real MLB at-bat . Liston , a Cubs fan and Chicago native living in California , took up Greenberg 's cause this year after he and his wife saw "  Field of Dreams " -- a baseball movie that mentions Moonlight Graham , who never came to bat in his only big-league game in 1905 . "  My wife said she felt sorry for him . I said , ` Moonlight Graham has  nothing  on Adam Greenberg , ' " Liston said . "  Graham played a couple innings . Adam only got a couple seconds . " Liston , who did n't know Greenberg but recalled seeing the plate appearance on TV , decided he wanted to help him get a proper MLB at-bat . So , armed with credentials , he made the 2007 film "  Chasing October " about the 2003 Cubs , he visited baseball training camps , trying to persuade players and general managers that Greenberg deserved a shot . He and a dozen or so friends organized the "  One At Bat " campaign , taking to Twitter and Facebook to rally public support . They also started a Change.org petition , it had more than 25,000 supporters as of Thursday , that Liston hoped would persuade the Cubs ' management to bring him back for a game this month . Liston , who met with the Cubs in May , also contacted Greenberg and ended up befriending him as he kept him updated . But the Cubs announced this month that they were n't on board . "  Adam made the big leagues based on merit in 2005 , " Cubs General Manager Jed Hoyer told the Chicago Tribune in an e-mail . "  While it is unfortunate he got hit in his first at-bat , he is in the Baseball Encyclopedia as a major leaguer and should be incredibly proud of that . We wish him the best , but there are no plans to add him to the roster now or in the future . " So Liston pressed other teams , eventually meeting in New York with the Miami Marlins General Manager David Sampson . There , Sampson told Liston that the Marlins would do it .	NEW : Greenberg makes first MLB plate appearence since 2005 injury Greenberg on Tuesday signed a one-day contract with the Miami Marlins The batter was hit in the head in his only MLB plate appearance in 2005 Since getting hit , Greenberg had not returned to MLB
CNN  -- In the heat of battle , it 's best to have your key allies closest to you and European Ryder Cup captain Paul McGinley has certainly done that by naming two close friends as his vice-captains . His decision was eased by knowing that both Sam Torrance and Des Smyth have previously played major roles in leading Europe to victory . The Irishman now hopes they can do the same when the Europeans seek to defend the trophy at Gleneagles in Scotland in September . McGinley 's compatriot Smyth was one of Ian Woosnam 's vice captains in 2006 when Europe recorded their largest home victory -- by 18 1/2 points to 9 1/2 -- at the K Club in Ireland . Torrance , meanwhile , was an unforgettable skipper as he inspired Europe to a 15 1/2 -12 1/2 victory at The Belfry in England in 2002 . Neither the Scot nor McGinley will ever forget the success since it was the Irishman himself who sunk the winning putt on his Ryder Cup debut . "  Paul was a special part of my team at The Belfry in 2002 and he knows I will do everything possible to help him and the team at Gleneagles , " Torrance , 60 , said in a statement . "  Everyone knows how much The Ryder Cup has meant to me over my career so I am absolutely delighted to be involved once again . " A veteran of 11 Ryder Cups , Torrance has won the competition three times -- twice as a player and once as a captain . Smyth , 61 , is a relative newcomer by comparison , having lost both competitions he contested as a player in 1979 and 1981 prior to the stunning turnaround in fortunes when vice captain eight years ago . However , he does have the advantage of having known McGinley , now 47 , since the Irishman was a teenager . "  As well as being good friends ,  Smyth and Torrance  are two guys I greatly admire both personally and professionally and I know they will be vital assets to me in Scotland , " McGinley said . "  They were the first two people I had in mind for this role when I was appointed captain and , since then , I have talked to a lot of the experienced European players about having them as part of the team and , to a man , they have been very supportive of the idea . "  Des took me under his wing when I was a young rookie on Tour and gave me tremendous advice which was not only valuable then but has continued to ring true for me throughout my professional career . "  His views and ideas about The Ryder Cup particularly have consistently proved to be spot on and I really enjoyed working with him as a vice captain in 2006 when I was a player . " McGinley added that he is spoiled for choice when it comes to his other vice captains but he will only name them once he learns who has qualified automatically for the European team in September . Among the possible candidates are Thomas Bjorn of Denmark and Spanish duo Miguel Angel Jimenez and Jose Maria Olazabal , who captained Europe to victory in 2012 . "  It 's quite clear a lot of potential further vice captains could more than likely qualify for the team , " said McGinley . "  A lot of them would still like to make the team so I just do n't want to distract them by talking about Ryder Cup and so they can focus on making the side . " Tom Watson , the captain of the American team , has also already unveiled two of his vice captains : Raymond Floyd , 71 , and Andy North , 63 . WGC 's Monstrous Start Meanwhile , the opening action of the WGC Championship was suspended after dangerous weather affected the first day at the Blue Monster course at Doral . American Jason Dufner had been top of the leaderboard , five under par after 10 holes , before the combination of a tornado watch and violent thunderstorms prompted a halt in play . World No. 2 Adam Scott , who can replace Tiger Woods at the top of the rankings with victory , was level par -- with Woods , the defending champion , one over -- after both had gone through six holes .	Scotland 's Sam Torrance and Irishman Des Smyth named as first European vice captains Captain Paul McGinley says he will wait for team line up before naming remaining vice captains Both Torrance and Smyth have won the competition before Opening day 's play at WGC Championship suspended by dangerous weather
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The leader of a shark tour whose customer was mauled to death Saturday was warned that his practice of allowing people to swim close to hungry sharks could lead to tragedy , a colleague said . Markus Groh -- an Austrian lawyer -- died after being gnawed during a dive led by Jim Abernethy 's south Florida company . Groh , 49 , died from loss of blood resulting from the shark attack near the Bahamas , The Miami-Dade Medical Examiner 's Office said . Neal Watson , a president of the Bahamas Diving Association , told CNN he implored Abernethy to stop what Watson considered a dangerous practice : Cageless shark dives specifically targeting dangerous shark species . "  I hate to say I told you so out of respect for the victim 's family , but I 've always said it was n't a matter of whether something like this would happen , it was when , " he said . Abernethy did not return phone calls from CNN seeking comment . The shark dives are advertised on the Web site of his company , Jim Abernethy 's Scuba Adventures . "  Abernethy has been swimming with sharks almost his entire life , and is a pioneer in diving with tiger and great hammerhead sharks , " the site proclaims . "  No one can get you closer , or get you the best photographic opportunities ! " In shark-dive excursions , dead fish and fish entrails are used to attract the sharks and bring them close to the divers . Cageless dives put divers and sharks in close proximity , without a metal underwater cage protecting the diver . Watson told CNN he also offers a cageless shark tourist experience in the Bahamas , but only with less dangerous species : Caribbean reef sharks , blacktip sharks , blacknose sharks , nurse sharks and silky sharks . Shark feeding was banned in Florida in 2001 , so dive operators take customers out to Bahamian waters , Watson said . Watson said that he had sent a letter to members of the Bahamas Diving Association in July 2007 urging them to stop cageless dives with about 10 dangerous species . He said he wrote the letter to everybody , even though Abernethy is the only dive operator he knows of who does it . The letter read in part , "  We recommend all operations immediately cease and desist conducting open-water , non-cage shark diving experiences with known species of potentially dangerous sharks such as tiger sharks , bull sharks , hammerhead sharks , lemon sharks , and mako sharks . ... Purposeful feeding or interaction with these species without a proper shark cage is highly discouraged . " Watson said the letter was copied to the Bahamas government , which he said has not outlawed the practice . Abernethy did not respond , Watson said . E-mail to a friend	An Austrian lawyer died after being attacked by a shark Saturday He was part of a cageless shark tour led by Jim Abernethy 's company Bahamas Diving Association president says he implored Abernethy to stop the tours He says Abernethy 's dives specifically targeted dangerous shark species
CNN  -- Philippines Sen. Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announced he will run for president Wednesday , a month after the death of his late mother , the popular former President Corazon Aquino . Philippines Senator Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announce his candidacy in Manila on September 9 . "  I 'm accepting the challenge to lead this fight , " said Noynoy Aquino , the state-run Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported . Aquino , 49 , is the only son of Corazon Aquino , who died on August 1 , and the late Benigno "  Ninoy " Aquino , a senator who opposed dictator Ferdinand Marcos and was assassinated in 1983 on returning home from exile in the United States . Noynoy Aquino said his mother 's supporters had urged him to make a run for the presidency in next May 's elections . He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy in the Philippines . At least one lawmaker was critical of Aquino 's run , PNA said . Rep. Pastor Alcover Jr. said the media has deceived the public by presenting Aquino as the man who can save the country . "  We need a hardworking president , " Alcover said . "  But the problem is , Noynoy has a dismal performance as congressman for nine years and as senator for three years . Do we want more of his laziness ? " President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo 's term ends in 2010 . Under Philippine law , she can not run again . Arroyo first took office in 2001 . Since then , she has survived several impeachment attempts and periodic rumors of coups . She won re-election in 2004 , though opposition parties called into question the legitimacy of that race .	Philippines Sen. Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announces he will run for president He is the only son of former President Corazon Aquino , who died on August 1 He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo 's term ends in 2010
CNN  -- A suicide bomber hugged an Iraqi lawmaker and detonated an explosive vest , killing the official and two others , police said Tuesday . Lawmaker Ayfan Sadoon al-Essawi was visiting a construction site on a commercial street in central Falluja on Tuesday when the bomber , disguised as a laborer , approached him , authorities said . The bomber hugged al-Essawi and then set his bomb off , police said . Four others were wounded in the blast , authorities said . Al-Essawi was a member of the al-Iraqiya bloc , which is headed by former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi . Al-Essawi used to be the leader of Falluja Awakening Council for several years and was also a tribal leader there . Falluja is a predominately Sunni town about 35 miles west of Baghdad , in Anbar province . The lawmaker had escaped a number of previous attacks . He was wanted by the Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group of al Qaeda and other Sunni extremist groups . The special representative for the U.N. secretary-general in Iraq called the attack a "  heinous killing . " "  I call again on all political forces to foil any attempt at instigating strife and to demonstrate utmost restraint , " representative Martin Kobler said . Separately , on Monday evening , Iraqi Finance Minister Rafie al-Essawi escaped an attack unharmed when a roadside bomb exploded near his convoy on the western outskirts of Baghdad , police officials there said . Rafie al-Essawi is also member of the al-Iraqiya bloc and is not related to Ayfan al-Essawi .	NEW : Ayfan al-Essawi had escaped several previous attacks Police say the suicide bomber disguised himself as a laborer He hugged a lawmaker and then detonated himself , killing the official and two others Falluja is west of Baghdad in Anbar province
CNN  -- It is the question that has followed Usain Bolt for the past four years , the answer to which will not truly be known until the final for the men 's 100 meters sprint in London has been done and dusted . Just how fast could he have run on that night in Beijing ? It seems a crazy thing to ask . After all , the Jamaican smashed the world record with a time of 9.69 seconds , winning gold and saving the Olympics ' marquee sport from itself after successive drug scandals . And he has run faster since , setting a new record a year later at the World Championships with a time of 9.58 seconds . More : Artist turns Usain Bolt into street hero But Beijing was much more than a world record . It was the manner of his victory that catapulted him into the kind of international fame not seen in track and field since the U.S. Olympic legend Carl Lewis . Not only did he blow the rest of the field away , he cantered across the line with 20 meters to go , chest turned to the cameras , arms wide open . A new hero Other athletes past and present , not to mention the International Olympic Committee president , derided his showmanship . But the public had made their mind up . They had a new hero . "  My one aim was just to be a champion . That is what I came here to do , " Bolt , then 21 , said after the race . "  I told you I was going to be number one and I did just that ... It was crazy , phenomenal . " Ever since he has rightly been heralded as the greatest sprinter of all time . But the celebration and the criticism left that one question hanging in the air . Just how fast could he have run ? The press , coaches and fellow athletes all speculated . The trainer credited with Bolt 's rise , Glen Mills , suggested that he could have run under 9.6 seconds . Academia even got involved . The University of Oslo 's Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics , which deemed the issue of such importance that it dedicated some of the finest minds on the planet to the quandary , predicted that he would have run 9.55 seconds . Now all the talk is of this Sunday 's 100m final at London 2012 . Is 9.4 possible ? Bolt could become the first sprinter since Carl Lewis to defend an Olympic 100m title . But no one is talking about 9.69 , 9.58 or 9.55 . Now Bolt is looking at breaking the record again and seeing if the human body can be pushed further , through the 9.4 second barrier . "  Everyone has been talking about 9.4 all season , " Bolt explained in an interview with CNN in July , when asked whether he could run that time at London 2012 . "  If it 's possible I am the one . " One study by Dutch mathematicians at Tilburg University concluded that , theoretically , Bolt 's dream could be realized . "  According to our results this is achievable , " the co-author of the report Sander Smeets said in an interview with AFP . "  The absolute limit for a world record at the moment is 9.36 seconds , " he added . The theory , along with Bolt 's rhetoric , sounds fine . But the reality is that Bolt comes into the Olympics having struggled with injuries this season and seen a genuine threat to his title emerge in the shape of training partner Yohan Blake . "  He -LSB- Bolt -RSB- has had some problems this year , " 200m Olympic champion Michael Johnson told CNN 's Piers Morgan this month . "  But he can still run two tenths  of a second  quicker than anyone else ... he does n't need to be 100 per cent . " Winning would be enough of an achievement , one that would bookend and incredible four years since his record run in Beijing . That run transformed Usain Bolt 's life . He is now mobbed wherever he goes , adorns billboards from Tokyo to Mexico City and has written his first autobiography . As former Olympic gold medalist Linford Christie remarked during a recent interview with Bolt for CNN , the Jamaican is the most famous athlete , not just in the world , but of all time . Where it began Bolt 's journey began , like many other world record sprinters , in the Jamaican district of Trelawny where other greats such as current Olympic women 's 200m champion Veronica Campbell-Brown also have roots . Although he was Canadian , Ben Johnson was also born here . It is an area famed for breeding sprint stars thanks largely to a fiercely contested four-day race championships where crowds of up to 30,000 fill the national stadium in Kingston . Over a million people watch the young sprint hopefuls live on TV for what is often the springboard towards the Olympics . "  I feel we push our young athletes , " Bolt told CNN when asked why Jamaica produces so much sprinting talent earlier this year . "  There is this thing called the Boys and Girls Championships in Jamaica , which showcases the talent . The level of competition is really high because it pushes you every day to be the best in your event , in your class . " Bolt came on to the sprint world 's radar at the 2003 Boys and Girls Championship when , at just 16 , he posted times in the 200 and 400m good enough for the Olympic finals in Sydney three years earlier . Going pro He went pro a year later but his failure in the 200m at the Athens Olympics helped him to recalibrate his life and focus on his training . Coach Mills eventually allowed Bolt to run the 100m too , a discipline seen as too difficult for a man the size of Bolt  he is six foot three inches tall  to excel in . It was a path that would take him to his coronation in Beijing , where he also won gold in the 200m and 4x100m relay in world record times . Yet four years on and the task of becoming only the second man -- after Lewis -- to retain the 100m Olympic title has become far harder than many people thought it would be . Many expected Bolt to dominate the games for years to come . But the emergence of his compatriot Blake -- who beat Bolt in both the 100 and 200m at the Jamaican Olympic trials this year -- has added the one ingredient needed in any classic final : a genuine rival that could prevent him from equaling Lewis 's record . "  We 're training partners so we 're really close , " Bolt says of Blake , who won the 2011 world 100m title after his compatriot 's false start in the final . "  We laugh even when we 're warming up . We 're cool but as soon we 're getting on the track line up it 's a different story . " In 1988 Lewis had his own fierce rival from Trelawny : Johnson . Lewis famously came second in the Seoul final and only became the first man to win back-to-back Olympic 100m titles by default after Johnson failed a drugs test . Lewis was handed the medal in his hotel . A rival to Lewis Lewis is sceptical that Bolt could match his achievement . "  Carl Lewis is totally preoccupied by Bolt and sees him not as a successor but as a rival to his legacy , " says author Richard Moore , who recently wrote a book about the 1988 final called "  The Dirtiest Race in History . " "  When I asked him about Bolt he said , ` It will be really tough for him , no one has defended an Olympic title before . ' Moore pointed out to him that he had , technically , defended his 100m title at Seoul and Lewis corrected himself : ' I said no one else BUT ME ! ' " Bolt and Blake have none of the enmity that Lewis and Johnson had , but if Bolt can defend his Beijing title then it would surely stand above Lewis ' achievements , simply because that second gold medal in Seoul was won in such unprecedented circumstances . "  There 's no way to describe it . For me it is amazing to think that I am faster than everybody , " Bolt said when asked how it feels to be the fastest man in the world . The worry for Bolt is that Blake is n't his only rival . U.S. sprinter Tyson Gay has run the second fastest time ever . The 2004 Olympic champion Justin Gatlin , also from the U.S. , is returning after a doping ban while fellow Jamaican Asafa Powell once held the world record himself . Anyone of them could snatch gold if Bolt 's injury problems are worse than his bravado suggests . That tongue in cheek bravado might have helped make Bolt such a star ; but the Jamaican is not afraid to show a more serious side when he talks about the sprint challenge ahead . "  All I can say , " Bolt told CNN last month , "  is  Yo , let 's go if you want a piece of me . " Four years later , under the intense pressure only an Olympic 100m final can bring , we may finally know how fast Bolt really can run . The stage is set for for the most eagerly awaited track event at an Olympics . And no one , even given the talk of injuries , should discount that come Sunday , the world would have witnessed the fastest race in history too .	Usain Bolt could make history during this weekend 's 100m final He 'd match Carl Lewis ' record of back-to-back 100m titles But he has friend Yohan Blake hot on his heels Could either one of them break the 9.4 s barrier ?
CNN  -- A powerful snowstorm barreled east through the Midwest on Sunday , bringing with it more precipitation and gusty winds and leaving behind a trail of significant damage , large snow drifts and subarctic temperatures , according to the National Weather Service . Winter storm warnings and advisories Sunday extended as far west as Illinois , as far east as Pennsylvania , and as far south as northern Alabama and Georgia . Meanwhile , residents of the upper Midwest who braved at-times blizzard conditions on Saturday faced the prospect Sunday night of wind chills dipping , in spots , as low as 30 degrees below zero . This comes after up to 23 inches of snow fell in parts of Minnesota and as many as 18.5 inches in Wisconsin since Friday . "  We could see wind chills  that are  obviously extremely dangerous for people , to have that kind of exposure for any length of time , " said Tod Pritchard , a spokesman for the Wisconsin Emergency Management agency . See road conditions in severely affected states : Illinois , Nebraska , Wisconsin , Iowa , Minnesota , South Dakota After prompting the closure of highways in Iowa , South Dakota , Minnesota and elsewhere a day earlier , the storm wreaked havoc with air travel Sunday . About 1,375 flights in and out of Chicago 's O'Hare airport had been canceled as of 4:45 p.m.  5:45 p.m. ET  , the city 's aviation department reported , with delays for travelers heading to and from the Windy City averaging around just over 6 hours . Another 300 flights had been canceled at nearby Midway airport . "  The main problem ... right now is the winds , " said Chicago Department of Aviation spokeswoman Karen Pride . "  The winds are very high and gusting very strongly , and we do have lake-effect snow as well . " The headaches , though , went far beyond Chicago . On Sunday evening , Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson and Newark , New Jersey 's Liberty airports reported delays of roughly two-and-a-half hours , slightly longer than that experienced at Boston 's Logan airport , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Those were just a few of the many airports , and many more flights , affected as high winds , low visibility and heavy snow crippled traffic for a second straight day . Delta Air Lines spokeswoman Leslie Parker said as of 5 p.m. , the airline had canceled 748 flights nationwide . American Airlines had called off 272 departures from O'Hare , out of more than 400 nationwide , said spokeswoman Mary Frances Fagas . iReport : Treacherous conditions in Minnesota United had canceled about 350 departures , mostly from Chicago , an airline spokeswoman said , while partner Continental nixed 125 such flights from Chicago , Cleveland , Ohio , and Newark , New Jersey . JetBlue canceled 128 flights due to the storm , said spokesman Mateo Lleras . The pounding snow caused the roof of the 64,000-seat Metrodome in Minneapolis to "  deflate " Sunday morning , Minnesota State Patrol spokesman Lt. Eric Roeske said . Workers wielding shovels could be seen clearing the roof of the heavy white stuff , while photos from inside the darkened stadium showed much of the field covered with snow that fell from a gaping hole in the dome . "  Obviously the weight of the snow would affect how much air pressure is necessary to keep that roof up , " Roeske said . "  Something caused that air pressure not to be strong enough or high enough to keep that roof at its normal position . " Roy Terwilliger , chairman of the Minneapolis Metro Sports Commission -- the group that oversees the Metrodome -- said the heavy snow and cold , high winds "  was too much pressure on the dome and several panels on the Teflon roof were caused to rip . " Sunday 's game between the hometown Minneapolis Vikings and New York Giants has been pushed to Monday at 7:20 p.m. ET and moved 540 miles southeast to Ford Field in Detroit , Michigan , the NFL said in a statement Sunday . All those with tickets to the originally scheduled game would get preferred seating near the 50-yard line and free tickets would be distributed , the league said . Even with the snow and winds subsiding , road travel remained perilous in much of Minnesota . St. Paul , for one , declared a second snow emergency through early Monday to expedite plowing of city streets . "  The big problem is ice under the snow , making it really slick and really hazardous , " said St. Clair resident Alan Scott . In Wisconsin , Gov. Jim Doyle declared a state of emergency for 72 counties to facilitate the movement of emergency resources and personnel who were activated Saturday , he said in a statement . We Energies reported 10,000 power outages across the state Sunday , said Barry McNulty , a spokesman for the company . In Iowa , snow had subsided in some areas but emergency workers were coping with more than 1,000 power outages , a state emergency spokesman said . Greyhound bus service along the Omaha-Des Moines route was expected to resume later Sunday . Some bus travelers at the Des Moines bus station had been stuck there since Saturday night . Greyhound spokeswoman Maureen Richmond said pizza was brought in for those passengers due to the inconvenience . Patti Thompson , a spokeswoman for the emergency services in Illinois , said Sunday that northern counties were getting the worst of the weather Sunday afternoon and that Department of Transportation teams were working to clear roads . No power outages have been reported , she said . While many states saw snow Sunday , the expected accumulation of a few inches in most locales paled compared to what hit Wisconsin and Minnesota and Wisconsin , according to National Weather Service forecasters . The reach of the storm system continues to expand . Hard freeze warnings , for instance , extended as far south as Florida , with the weather service forecasting 13-degree wind chills on Monday night in Tallahassee . Still , not everyone in the United States was shivering . Parts of southern California were experiencing record-warm temperatures with high temperatures Sunday above 80 degrees . CNN 's T.J. Holmes , Helena DeMoura and Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Airlines cancel hundreds of flights due to high winds , snow and low visibility The NFL has moved the Giants-Vikings game to Detroit after the Metrodome 's collapse Wind chills in some places on Sunday night could be 30 degrees below zero Unseasonably cold conditions have prompted warnings as far south as Florida
CNN  -- Actor-director Mel Gibson and his girlfriend , Oksana Grigorieva , are the new parents of a daughter named Lucia , his spokesman confirmed to CNN . No other details were released about the baby , who was born Friday at an undisclosed hospital in Los Angeles , California . Baby Lucia is the eighth child for Gibson , 53 , and the second for Grigorieva , 39 . Gibson has six sons and a daughter from his marriage to his wife of 30 years , Robyn . The couple filed for divorce in April . Grigorieva has a son with her former boyfriend , actor Timothy Dalton . In August , the singer said she and Gibson have no immediate plans for marriage . "  We do n't know yet , " Grigorieva said of any impending nuptials . "  We have n't really talked about it . "	Grigorieva gave birth Friday in Los Angeles , California The baby , named Lucia , is his eighth and her second In August , Grigorieva said the pair had no immediate plans to wed
CNN  -- Nasty allegations have been haunting one of America 's most iconic comedians , a man with a reputation for moral wholesomeness . For nine years , Bill Cosby has been accused of sexual assault by women who say they were the victims . Cosby has repeatedly said that the allegations are untrue . And he has never been prosecuted . But since 2005 , a handful of women have made the claim . This year , those accusations resurfaced , and on Monday , a seemingly harmless post to Cosby 's confirmed Twitter account turned them into a social media storm . In its wake , one of his accusers , Barbara Bowman , turned to the public once more with an article in the Washington Post . She also spoke to CNN 's Don Lemon . Bowman claims she was drugged then raped , though she said she never saw drugs . "  I woke up out of a very confused state not in my clothes . " She said she knew her body had been touched without her permission . This occurred several times in the course of their contact , she said . She said to CNN that Cosby told her she had been drunk . Bowman was 17 and an aspiring actress when she met Cosby in 1985 . She considered him to be her mentor . She spent time in his home , which included dinners with the star . She said the abuse began after she turned 18 . Despite what she said was happening to her , she kept coming back . And Cosby and her agent financed her apartment in addition to supporting her acting ambitions , she said . She was afraid to talk to her agent about her concerns , and she felt Cosby 's influence over her was too powerful . "  I was terrified of him , " she said . "  As a teenager , I tried to convince myself I had imagined it . I even tried to rationalize it : Bill Cosby was going to make me a star and this was part of the deal , " she wrote in her Washington Post article . In a Friday morning interview on CNN 's "  New Day , " Bowman said she went to a lawyer in 1989 to discuss legal action against Cosby but "  he laughed me right out of the office . " After that , Bowman said , she "  just gave up " and moved on with her life . When another woman took legal action against Cosby years later , Bowman decided to lend her support , she said . "  I believe her because it happened to me , " she said Friday . CNN reached out to Cosby 's representative for comment on this article but has not yet heard back . When asked about the allegations Saturday during an interview on NPR , Cosby did not respond -- instead shaking his head "  no , " according to the interviewer , Scott Simon . "  There are people who love you who might like to hear from you about this . I want to give you the chance , " Simon said , to silence from Cosby . "  All right . " The Tweet On Monday , the comedian -- or whoever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted , but probably not in the way Cosby expected . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . By nightfall , Cosby 's original tweet had been pulled from the Web . But in the social media age , the rape allegations have stubbornly remained in the open . In late October , comedian Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " A couple weeks later , Cosby was booked on Queen Latifah 's talk show , but the allegations reportedly gave the staff "  cold feet , " according to TMZ . Cosby 's booking was "  postponed at his request , " the website reported in an addendum .  Cosby did do interviews with Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Fallon without incident . For years , Cosby has denied the rape allegations . In February , after Newsweek ran an interview with one of the purported victims , Tamara Green , Cosby 's representative said , "  This is a 10-year-old , discredited accusation that proved to be nothing at the time , and is still nothing . " Nine years ago , when Green was interviewed by Matt Lauer on the "  Today " show , his lawyer issued a statement : "  Miss Green 's allegations are absolutely false . Mr. Cosby does not know the name Tamara Green or  maiden name  Tamara Lucier and the incident she describes did not happen . The fact that she may have repeated this story to others is not corroboration . " In the case of Andrea Constand , who sued Cosby in 2005 over an incident the year before , Cosby says the sex was consensual . Lawsuit airs allegations At the time of Constand 's lawsuit , Cosby had been in the news for a sexual affair once before . In 1997 , a woman named Autumn Jackson claimed to be Cosby 's love child . Cosby admitted to a relationship with Jackson 's mother but denied paternity . Jackson was later convicted of extortion . However , it was n't until Constand 's lawsuit in 2005 that the comedian was accused of rape . Constand , a staffer for Temple University 's women 's basketball team , said in her suit that Cosby -- a Temple alum -- had become a mentor to her in the months since they met in 2002 . In early 2004 , he invited her to his house in suburban Philadelphia . Constand told Cosby she was feeling stressed and Cosby gave her three blue pills , which he described as "  herbal medication , " according to her suit , which was posted on The Smoking Gun . Then , her "  knees began to shake , her limbs felt immobile , she felt dizzy and weak , and she began to feel only barely conscious , " the suit continued . Cosby then gave her another drug , she said , and led her to the sofa , where she says she was sexually molested . "  When Plaintiff awoke , her clothes and undergarments were in disarray , " the suit said . Constand later returned to her native Canada , where she reported the incident to police . Authorities in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , followed up with an investigation , but that February declined to press criminal charges due to a lack of evidence . Cosby 's lawyer , Walter M. Phillips Jr. , told CNN the allegations were "  utterly preposterous " and "  plainly bizarre . " Cosby appeared surprised by the allegations . "  Looking back on it , I realize that words and actions can be misinterpreted by another person , and unless you 're a supreme being , you ca n't predict what another individual will do , " he told the National Enquirer in March 2005 . Constand filed a civil suit in March 2005 . Constand 's lawyers said they found 13 Jane Doe witnesses with similar stories . However , Constand 's suit was settled in November 2006 , and the witnesses were never called . Terms have not been disclosed . The influence of Bill Cosby Tarnished reputation As Mark Whitaker 's recent Cosby biography makes clear , the man has his demons . He had affairs while on the road and there have been bumps in his long marriage to his wife , Camille . But Whitaker , a former CNN managing editor , told CNN that he did n't feel comfortable airing the rape allegations . "  Basically , I knew that I was going to have to be very careful in what I said about his private life . I felt that way as a journalist and also for legal reasons , " he said in an interview about the biography . "  In the case of these other allegations , basically because there were no definitive court findings , no independent witnesses , it did n't meet my standard for what I was going to put in the book . " "  I also was very aware that if I just did a she said-he said , and I printed allegations and denials without my own independent reporting , first of all it 's not really in the spirit in the book , but also every person who then reviewed or reported on the book would be free to repeat those unconfirmed allegations just because they were in my book . And I just did n't feel comfortable being responsible for that . " Still , the rape allegations are always just a mouse click away . Not long after Constand 's accusations hit the media , Tamara Green went public with her claims on "  Today . " A few months later , another Jane Doe , Beth Ferrier , also spoke out . Bowman came forward in 2006 . Green and Bowman both gave interviews to Newsweek in early 2014 . How all the controversy has affected Cosby personally is unknown . He 's still scheduled to star in an NBC sitcom next year , and his skills as a comedian appear undiminished . Last year 's concert movie , "  Far From Finished , " earned mostly positive reviews , and his recent comedy tour has also received praise . But his once-sterling reputation has taken a hit . The Washington Post , Salon and The New York Times have all mentioned the rape allegations in stories , criticizing Cosby to varying degrees .	NEW : Cosby does n't respond when asked about claims in an NPR interview Woman says lawyer she approached in 1989 "  laughed me right out of the office " Many people referred to allegations of rape toward the comedian Cosby has repeatedly denied the allegations
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Volunteering with local law enforcement , Shaquille O'Neal has learned from his peers that domestic violence calls are among the most dangerous for police officers . NBA star Shaquille O'Neal praises Karen Earl for her efforts on behalf of domestic abuse victims . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a very disturbing thing , " said the NBA star , who has dealt mainly with children 's cases . "  I do n't really think a lot of women know what to do . " That 's where Karen Earl comes in . As executive director of the Jenesse Center , the oldest domestic violence intervention program in south central Los Angeles , California , Earl is a "  tireless and fearless " champion of women and children living in abusive situations , O'Neal said . The Phoenix Suns center called Earl "  the pillow of women 's society . " For more than two decades , Earl has helped give victims a way out through the Jenesse Center , which provides shelter , education , outreach and legal services to more than 8,500 victims of domestic violence every year . "  Thank God for Miss Earl , " O'Neal said . "  She takes women that have been involved in domestic abuse situations and gives them a place to come rest their head . " According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence , an estimated 1.3 million women are victims of physical assault by an intimate partner each year , and one in four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime . Earl has heard countless stories of domestic abuse and has seen a range of tipping points before victims seek help . She is working to lower these statistics . She recalled one woman whose husband beat her with an iron ; for another , "  the beatings were standard , but when he sold their refrigerator and she could n't keep her baby 's milk cold anymore , she knew it was time to go . " These women were able to find shelter and support -- and ultimately safety and success -- through the Jenesse Center . "  It is not normal to go to bed afraid , " Earl said . "  And the thing that I know for sure is that there is help . " When Earl began volunteering at the center in 1986 , she said , she often thought of what her own mother went through . "  I remember us having to run out of the house at midnight with sheets wrapped around us . I know the impact it had on my mom , and of course the impact on me and my siblings , " she said . "  I wish there were a place back then , but nobody talked about it . It was just family business ; it was personal . " Watch Earl discuss the center 's mission to heal through art " Today , Earl serves as Jenesse Center 's executive director and calls her work with staff , fundraising and volunteer recruitment "  a 24-hour thing . " The process of healing for victims generally starts with a phone call to the center 's hot line , she said . The center provides counseling and literature and has a 30-day emergency shelter for women and their families . Earl said this emergency period "  is a time of regrouping " and lets the women know that they 're not alone and that they did n't do anything wrong . The center also provides long-term support . "  Women and their children can stay for two years , " Earl said . "  Every able body , every day , gets up and takes classes . And when they 're not taking classes , they 're looking for employment , going through counseling sessions or -LSB- getting -RSB- legal assistance . " For Earl , comprehensive care through a team approach is the key to the center 's success . She said she has seen women at the center earn graduate degrees and become "  full-fledge " professionals -- and that changing lives is what keeps her going . O'Neal said the center helps point women in the right direction and gives them the chance to overcome adversity . "  They 'll help you get an apartment . They 'll help you get a job . They help you get back on your feet and become the beautiful woman that you are . "	O'Neal 's work in law enforcement taught him the serious nature of domestic violence His hero , Karen Earl , runs the Jenesse Center , which aids abuse victims The Los Angeles center helps more than 8,500 victims every year The center gives women a chance to overcome adversity , O'Neal said
LONDON , England -- American basketball is planning to create up to five new European franchises who would compete for the NBA Championship , according to a report by Sports Illustrated . NBA stars such as Kobe Bryant may soon be seen on a regular basis in Europe . The astonishing claims come hard on the heels of plans by the football 's English Premier League to play matches overseas and underline the growing trend of globalization in major sports leagues . This was further evidenced by Super Bowl champions New York Giants playing a regular NFL season game against the Miami Dolphins at Wembley Stadium in London , but the NBA 's leaked plans go far beyond that . A report on the Sports Illustrated Web site , says NBA commisioner David Stern will reveal his proposals on the eve of the All-Star Game in New Orleans this weekend . The plans are understood to include the formation of a European division with five new teams in major markets . The teams would play a full 82-game schedule and compete for the NBA championship . It is not the first time that Stern has entertained the concept of overseas expansion . He broached the idea in 2003 , saying at the time that the league would look into European expansion within a decade . Those plans were scrapped , however , with the NBA instead focusing on developing its relationship with China and other emerging basketball markets . The number of European and overseas players has steadily increased in the NBA and basketball enjoys a particularly high profile in Spain , France , Italy , Greece and the Balkans . The NBA has played regular-season games in Japan and Mexico , and played exhibition contests this season in London and Rome . Meanwhile , Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant is doubtful for Sunday 's All-Star game with a damaged finger . Bryant , who dislocated his right pinkie last week , scored 29 points in 35 minutes in Wednesday 's 117-92 win at Minnesota . Bryant sat out the fourth quarter and had the finger X-rayed after the game . E-mail to a friend	The NBA is planning a European division of up to five teams claims a report Sports Illustrated say commissioner David Stern will announce expansion plan NBA has previously played exhibition games in overseas countries
CNN  -- Doyin Oladipupo was on the phone with a police dispatcher , hiding in a closet when she heard the door open . Three intruders , who had set off the home security alarm , came into the walk-in closet in her parents ' bedroom , apparently looking for items to steal from the Chula Vista , California , home . The 15-year-old was cowering in a corner next to some shelves . She thought her bright toe nail polish would give her away . "  I was so scared . I could see them , " she told CNN affiliate KGTV . "  I thought they would see me . " The 911 operator heard one of the intruders hollering at the others and told the girl , who was home alone , not to talk . The dispatcher then asked her to tap once on the cordless handset to indicate she understood not to open the closet door . She remained silent and still , Oladipupo told KGTV , while the intruders came in and took jewelry off a shelf , she said . Police said in a statement that when officers arrived , the three intruders were loading items from the home into a car on the street . Two of the suspects are 17 years old , and the third is 18 . The car had been stolen a week before the attempted burglary , which happened Tuesday afternoon . There were items from other burglaries in the car , police said . "  I do n't know how I did it , honestly , " Oladipupo said . "  Because when I think about it now , my heart just starts beating . "	Girl , 15 , was alone when three people broke into her California home She hid in a big closet , but the intruders came in to look for jewelry She stayed on the phone with 911 as police came to the scene One adult , two juveniles were arrested as they tried to load items into a car
A veteran Spanish war correspondent has been kidnapped by insurgents in Syria , his newspaper reported Tuesday . The reporter , Marc Marginedas , has been missing since Sept. 4 , the last day that he contacted the newspaper , El Periodico de Catalunya , which is based in Barcelona . The newspaper reported that it appears that Marginedas , 46 , was kidnapped by jihadi combatants near the city of Hama , in western Syria . "  According to various sources , Marginedas was traveling by car with his driver when they were intercepted by jihadi combatants , " the newspaper said . "  Since then , it has not been possible to contact him . " No group in Syria has claimed responsibility for his kidnapping , it said . Marginedas has reported from conflict zones in Afghanistan , Iraq , Chechnya , Lebanon , Darfur and Algeria . This was his third trip to Syria since the civil war began there in 2011 , the newspaper said . It is the first time in his long career as a war correspondent that he 's been kidnapped , the newspaper 's communications director , Montserrat Baldoma , said by phone from Barcelona . A dangerous place An Amnesty International report published this year named Syria as the most dangerous place in the world for journalists . The report highlighted serious abuses committed by government and opposition forces against professional and citizen journalists , both Syrian and international . Marginedas entered Syria on Sept. 1 through Reyhanli , in southern Turkey , accompanied by fighters from the Free Syrian Army , who are trying to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , the newspaper said . He sent his last story to the paper on September 2 from Qasr ibn Wardan , near Hama , reporting on the disappointment among rebel fighters that a potential U.S. military strike on Syria -- in retaliation for the chemical weapons attack there on August 21 -- seemed to be growing more remote . Baldoma said the newspaper "  waited a prudent time " before announcing Marginedas ' kidnapping publicly on Tuesday . El Periodico de Catalunya has been working to secure his release , Baldoma said . Earlier this month , a veteran Italian war correspondent was released after being held captive in Syria for several months .	Marc Marginedas has n't been in touch with his newspaper since Sept. 4 The paper says it appears he was kidnapped by militants in western Syria No group has claimed responsibility for his kidnapping , the newspaper says Amnesty International has said Syria is the most dangerous place for journalists
CNN  -- Syria announced Tuesday that it is granting "  amnesty " to protesters accused of committing crimes . But a report published by the state-run news agency seemed to suggest the protesters were not actually being offered amnesty , as in a general pardon , but were having their punishments for alleged crimes decreased . An announcement on state-run television said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad issued a decree granting amnesty to protesters arrested for crimes committed before Tuesday . The amnesty includes "  all of those who belong to various political movements including the Muslim Brotherhood , " the alert on state TV said . The announcement came after weeks of Syrian officials describing some protesters as "  terrorists " trying to destabilize the country . A report Tuesday on the website of SANA , Syria 's state news agency , said that in addition to granting general amnesty , Assad 's decree "  also pardons half penalties for felonies if there was no personal claim . " The report says Article 1 of Assad 's decree grants "  general amnesty for all crimes committed before May 31 , 2011 , according to the following . " It then lists changes in punishments . The death penalty will be replaced with a "  life sentence of hard labor or long imprisonment sentence according to the crime , " a life sentence of hard work will be replaced with "  20 years imprisonment with hard labor , " and so on . A call to the Syrian Embassy in Washington for clarification was not immediately returned . SANA also carried a story Tuesday with the headline : "  Army and security forces arrest members of armed terrorist groups in al-Rastan , seize massive amounts of weapons and ammo . " The Syrian uprising , part of the so-called Arab Spring in which protesters throughout much of the Middle East and North Africa have taken to the streets calling for reforms , has been met with a fierce crackdown by the government . Roughly 830 people have been killed in the protests , according to the Syrian Human Rights Information Link . That number does not include security personnel whom the Syrian government says died in attacks by "  armed groups . " The United States has imposed new sanctions on al-Assad and other senior Syrian officials over human rights abuses , freezing any assets held in the country . CNN 's Josh Levs and Arwa Damon contributed to this report	NEW : A state-run news agency suggests it is not a pardon but decreases punishments The amnesty applies to "  various political movements , " Syria says It applies to all crimes committed before Tuesday , state TV says Syria has called the protesters "  terrorists "
Washington  CNN  -- Civil rights investigators for the Justice Department on Friday opened a federal probe into the controversial shooting death of a Saginaw , Michigan , man whose family says he had a history of mental illness . "  I can confirm the Justice Department now has an open investigation into the Saginaw shooting , " said Mitchell Rivard , spokesman for Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez of the Civil Rights Division . He spoke just one day after the Justice Department declined to comment on the case . Prosecutors and state police have already begun an investigation into the shooting death of Milton Hill . Hill had been had been arguing with officers in a parking lot next to a shuttered Chinese restaurant when he was shot , in full view of passing motorists and while he was holding some sort of knife . Saginaw County Prosecutor Michael Thomas said that the squad of police confronting him opened fire "  because apparently , at this point in time , he was threatening to assault police . " Saginaw Police Chief Gerald Cliff said Hall was "  known to be an assaultive person " with "  a long history " of contacts with law enforcement , "  not only with police from our department , but with the county . " Hall 's cousin , Mike Washington , acknowledged Hall had been jailed for minor offenses like vagrancy in the past , but , "  He was not violent . " And Hall 's mother is growing impatient with the probe and questions why police opened fire so furiously on her son , whom she said was mentally ill . WJRT : Community questions police shooting The July 1 shooting happened in a parking lot on West Genesee Avenue , a busy commercial strip on the north side of Saginaw . In a video purchased by CNN , shot by a motorist from across the street , the 49-year-old Hall is seen arguing with a half-dozen officers . For more than three minutes he walks back and forth , and at one time appears to crouch in a "  karate stance , " according to the man who captured the scene . Police said Hall had just had a run-in with a convenience store clerk . On the video , he tells police , "  My name is Milton Hall , I just called 911 . My name is Milton , and I 'm p -- ed off . " When an officer tells him to put the knife down , he responds , "  I ai n't putting s -- t down . " He appears unimpressed by a police dog , telling officers , "  Let him go . Let the motherf -- ing dog go . " Finally , he turns to the left of the frame , where another officer had moved out of view a short time earlier . It 's then that the police open fire with a reported 46 shots in a five-second hail of bullets .	Milton Hall was killed in a confrontation with police in Saginaw , Michigan Prosecutors and police are looking into his death Civil rights investigators for the Justice Department join the investigation
CNN  -- The Internet has radically altered many things , not least the speed at which we all share and receive information , and the depth of the information available . Before the Internet , information about individuals  that they did not choose to share with you themselves  could only be found by finding others who knew the individual or by trawling through media archives . The Internet changed all that . Now , at the touch of a button , it is possible to call up a huge amount of information about individuals -- not just public figures , but "  ordinary " people , all sorted by search engines in complicated , secretive ways over which we have no control . This , many argue , is a major flaw in the system that needs fixing . Why should Google , Yahoo or any other search engine be the arbiter of what information others see about me when they run a search ? What if the information that is returned in that search is "  irrelevant " or "  outdated " and no longer reflects who I am -- or indeed causes people to treat me differently ? These worries are understandable . But the solution proposed by the European Union Court of Justice earlier this month is not the answer . Recognizing people 's concerns about their privacy , the European court ruled that individuals had the "  right to be forgotten " -- that they should be allowed to request search engines to remove information considered "  irrelevant , outdated , or otherwise inappropriate " and that the search engines would have to remove this material from search indices except in public interest cases . It is this gray area that is of concern to Index on Censorship . Search engines are not public bodies -- and while there is a legitimate reason to worry about the way in which these organizations present search results , the way to fix that is certainly not through a vague and woolly ruling that leaves decisions about what is and is not in the public interest in the hands of a private body . There is no legal oversight or appeals process built in to the ruling -- the court simply leaves it up to Google and others to decide  independently of one another , a further recipe for chaos and confusion  what is and is not in the public interest . Much has been made of the fact that the ruling would exclude public figures -- but that misses the point . It is not so much current public figures wanting to whitewash their personal histories that should worry us , but the potential for those who may become important public figures -- or simply be relevant to us for other reasons  because they want to sell us products or join us in business , say  -- many years hence , to have links to information about them deleted now , making it almost impossible to find in future . Index urges the court to put a stay on its ruling while it pursues a regulatory framework that will provide legal oversight , an appeals process and ensure that private corporations are not the arbiters of public information . While it is clearly understandable that individuals should want to be able to control their online presence , the court 's ruling fails to offer sufficient checks and balances to ensure that a desire to alter search requests so that they reflect a more "  accurate " profile does not simply become a mechanism for censorship and whitewashing of history . READ MORE : Opinion : We have the right to be forgotten READ MORE : Something in your past you 'd rather forget ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Jodie Ginsberg .	Index on Censorship 's Jodie Ginsberg argues the "  right to be forgotten " decision is too woolly The decision , she writes , did not come with enough checks and it needs to be stayed She says we should be worried about the ability for public figures of the future to whitewash their history
On his sixth birthday , at the height of World War II , Albie Sachs received a congratulatory postcard from his father with a rather unusual wish inscribed on it : "  May you grow up to be a soldier in the fight for liberation , " read the card . "  Looking back , it was a little bit heavy , " remarks Sachs , now aged 78 . But as burdensome as his father 's message might have been , it instilled the young South African with a strong conviction about the value of justice , a belief Sachs has fervently advocated and fought for throughout his life . Sachs became one of South Africa 's most eminent political activists and judges , famous for being amongst the leading legal minds behind the creation of the country 's groundbreaking constitution after the first democratic elections in 1994 . "  Getting the constitution , when everybody predicted a bloody racial war , was a triumph in itself , " says Sachs proudly . "  And we did it ourselves ; It was n't forced on us -- we looked into each other 's eyes , people who 'd been trying to kill each other . " And Sachs , one of the most prominent white South African freedom fighters , knew all too well about the cruelty of years gone by . As a young lawyer defending victims of apartheid 's repressive laws , he often faced the wrath of security police and was put in solitary confinement for nearly six months without trial . Read this : Apartheid photographer ` sick of taking pictures of dead ' In April 1988 , while living in exile in Mozambique , Sachs lost his right arm and the sight in one eye to a car bomb . After a long and painful recovery , he returned to South Africa , a country he had last seen 24 years earlier . Shortly thereafter , Nelson Mandela was released after more than 27 years in prison , and work began on the birth of a new South Africa , ending the horrors of the old regime and creating a new rule of law . Sachs was appointed to serve as one of 11 judges in the newly established Constitutional Court , where he helped write one of the most world 's most progressive constitutions in 1996 . "  How can we live together in one country ? What can the basic rules be , the basic values that respect the dignity of everybody ? " says Sachs as he explains the thinking behind the constitution . "  Whoever you are , whoever your parents or grandparents happened to be , wherever you came from , whether you are exalted , whether you are humble , you 're a person , you 're a human being , " he says . "  The constitution does n't build houses , the constitution does n't provide food , electricity , water , school text books , but it provides a framework in which people can claim these things , resolve their disputes and that 's what we lacked before in South Africa . So if it had n't been for the constitution , it would 've been just total chaos , and most opportunistic grabs from power . " As someone who 'd paid a big physical and psychological price for his fight for freedom , Sachs says the establishment of a just rule of law served to help a deeply wounded population put its troubled past behind it . "  It was n't simply a healing of a fragmented , fractured , divided nation filled with enmities and fears and arrogance , " he says . "  It was a healing for me , personally , " he adds . "  The healing comes about through the achievement of the ideals for which we were fighting . " Read this : Why mixed-race comic was ` born a crime ' But Sachs was not only one of the architects behind South Africa 's post-apartheid constitution ; he also helped design the Constitutional Court in Johannesburg , an impressive building created to visually represent the ideas expressed so clearly in the country 's new rule of law . "  We decided we wanted a building -- a brand new court , a brand new constitution , " says Sachs . "  Not one parachuted in from outer space , one that grew up from our history . " As a result , the Constitutional Court was chosen to be constructed right next to Johannesburg 's Old Fort Prison , a notorious building whose walls had served to confine two of the best know civil rights figures of the previous century . "  We say with a dubious pride , we South Africans have the only prison in the world where both Mandela and -LSB- Mahatma -RSB- Gandhi were locked up -- nobody else can make that claim , " says Sachs . "  And we wanted to show the transformation from negativity to positivity , why we have a constitution , " he adds . "  Moving forward without forgetting the past and taking the terrible energy of hatred , division , pain of the past and using that force of that energy to create something positive and hopeful for the future . " A passionate art collector , Sachs has also donated several of his fine pieces to the Court . He is immensely proud of the building , where he spent five of the 15 years he was a Constitutional Court Judge , and never tires of visiting it . Now retired , Sachs lives in Clifton , Cape Town , with his family -- wife Vanessa and young son Oliver , aged six . Sachs says he would never be able to give Oliver the same burden his father placed on him when he was six . He even admits he ca n't speak to Oliver about the horrors of apartheid . "  I do n't want to , " he sighs . "  He 'll find out . I can tell him that there were cruel people , put a bomb in my car , blew me up , wonderful doctor saved my life . I can tell him all that , that he can understand . "  I do n't want to tell him that his mommy and his daddy , they would n't have been allowed to live together , to love , and to conceive him . I do n't want to . It 's like putting a burden on him , that we had to shoulder and deal with , and in a sense what we were fighting for was to be free of that lived reality and even the memory -- I 'm happy to move on . "	Albie Sachs is one of the creators of South Africa 's post-apartheid constitution A prominent judge and activist , Sachs spent a lifetime ensuring justice for all In 1988 , while exiled in Mozambique , he lost his right arm and the sight in one eye to a car bomb
CNN  -- New Hampshire Senate Candidate Scott Brown responded to news that a new case of Ebola has been diagnosed in New York City , calling for "  common-sense prevention mechanisms " in a statement released by his campaign Friday . "  The way to stop mass infection is by swift and decisive action , including a travel band and quarantining health workers returning from countries where Ebola is prevalent , " the release reads . "  This is not a time for political correctness . " Preventing the spread of Ebola was a major topic of Thursday night 's New Hampshire Senate debate , where Brown criticized incumbent Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen for relying on expert advice on how to contain the disease . In the debate , Brown repeatedly voiced support for a travel ban to blockade passengers from Ebola-infected African countries to enter the U.S. , a strategy medical experts have said would be counterproductive . He also criticzed President Obama 's "  Ebola czar " appointment , insisting that the person in that position should be a medical doctor . Shaheen shot back , calling Brown 's tactics "  fearmongering . " "  My opponent and I are n't infectious disease experts , " she said , "  so we really need to rely on experts . " Her campaign did not immediately return CNN 's request to respond to Brown 's comment that she is "  waffling " on a travel ban . Shaheen and Brown are locked in a neck-and-neck race in the Granite State . A CNN/ORC poll from Thursday shows Shaheen with a two point lead over Brown with 49 percent and 47 percent respectively -- but those numbers are within the poll 's 4 point margin of error . Shaheen is tasked with the uphill battle of proving her independence from President Obama , whose job disapproval rating in the state is at nearly 60 percent .	N.H. GOP Senate candidate Scott Brown calls for "  decisive action " after new Ebola diagnosis . His opponent , Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , calls his tactics "  fearmongering . " Shaheen and Brown are locked in a statistical dead heat in the Granite state .
CNN  -- When it comes to taxis , London reigns supreme . For the sixth year in a row , the city 's iconic black cabs were voted best in the world in a survey by Hotels.com . More than 2,500 voters from 30 countries took part in the annual global taxi survey , giving London 22 % of the votes -- well ahead of runners up New York City  10 %  and Tokyo  9 %  . Rounding out the top five , Berlin came in fourth place with 5 % of the vote , while Madrid , Mexico City and Amsterdam came in joint fifth with 4 % . "  Of the 30 countries surveyed , London topped the list across five of the seven categories , including cleanliness  23 %  , knowledge of the area  27 %  and quality of driving  30 %  , " said Hotels.com . Almost a quarter of respondents  23 %  voted safety as their number one taxi priority , which London 's cabs also ranked highest on . New York 's yellow taxis grabbed the top spot for availability  23 %  . New York and Bangkok taxis tied for first in terms of value for money  20 %  . Despite this recognition , Thailand 's capital failed to crack the top five this year . Survey categories ranked in order of preference by voters : safety  23 %  ; value  20 %  ; knowledge of area  17 %  ; availability  14 %  ; quality of driving  11 %  ; cleanliness  8 %  ; and friendliness  7 % . If any cabbies are reading , that suggests most travelers would prefer their drivers keep their mouths shut during the ride . The world 's best taxis 1 . London  22 % 2 . New York  10 % 3 . Tokyo  9 % 4 . Berlin  5 % 5 . Amsterdam  4 % 5 . Madrid  4 % 5 . Mexico City  4 % The Hotels.com taxi survey also found that people tend to text or email while in cab  19 %  , while sleeping was the second most popular activity  15 %  , followed by eating  10 %  and kissing  9 %  . When asked which nation was the most amorous in the back of a cab Brits came out on top , with 14 % admitting to displaying passionate behavior -- 10 % higher than the global average of 4 % . More : 10 greatest taxis of the world	London taxis voted best in the world in survey by Hotels.com Voters consider safety their top taxi priority , followed by value for money Brits are the most amorous taxi passengers , according to the Hotels.com survey
AMSTETTEN , Austria  CNN  -- The Austrian who reportedly admitted holding his daughter captive for 24 years and fathering seven children with her will plead insanity , his lawyer said . Josef Fritzl admitted to authorities he raped his daughter and fathered her children . Attorney Rudolf Mayer said he believed 73-year-old Josef Fritzl had a mental disorder , The Associated Press reported . Mayer said someone who was mentally ill "  did n't choose " to do what police allege he did . Mayer said Fritzl would be confined to a psychiatric institution rather than a prison if he was certified as insane and convicted , AP reported . Police said last week that Fritzl had confessed to imprisoning his daughter in a secret cellar dungeon in his home , fathering seven children with her and burning the body of one who died in infancy in a furnace . Meanwhile , Fritzl 's sister-in-law has said his wife did not know her daughter was held captive in their basement for decades because she had been trained not to ask questions under her husband 's tyrannical rule of the household , . "  He was such a tyrant , " said the woman identified only as Christine R. in a Saturday interview conducted and translated by AP . "  He tolerated no dissent , " Christine R. added . "  Listen , if I was scared myself -- I was scared of him at a family party and I did not feel confident to say anything in any form that could possibly offend him -- then you can imagine how it was for a woman who spent so many years with him . " Watch what the sister-in-law has to say " In the televised interview , Christine R. added detail to the bizarre story of 73-year-old Fritzl who was recently arrested and confessed to holding his daughter captive in a dungeon under the home for decades , repeatedly raping her and fathering seven kids -- with six of them surviving . Christine R. also said Fritzl committed an unrelated rape in 1967 , served 18 months in prison for that crime and that her sister continued to stay married to him in a desperate attempt to keep their family together . Recent media reports also claimed Fritzl had been convicted of rape . Austrian police have said they are looking into the claims . The horrifying story has shocked many locally and across the world . On Sunday , members of the Amstetten religious community held a Mass to remember Fritzl 's family . After the Mass , members of the church signed a banner outside a church in support of the victims . Watch church members sign the banner " The story of the family 's imprisonment began to unravel two weeks ago , when Fritzl 's daughter , Kerstin Fritzl , fell seriously ill with convulsions and was hospitalized . The 19-year-old girl , who had been locked in the basement her entire life along with her mother and two brothers , was in an artificially induced coma in an Amstetten clinic . She was suffering from a kidney ailment that worsened because she did not receive medial treatment sooner , authorities said . Watch how Fritzl led double life " Fritzl told his wife that their daughter Elisabeth , who is now 42 , ran away from home at age 18 . The couple adopted three of the children who Josef said were left on their doorstep as infants by his runaway daughter . In the interview Christine R. said her sister , Rosemarie , truly thought that her daughter had ran away to join a cult . "  She never believed him being capable of it , " said Christine R. "  We were all taken in by him and believed that she  referring to Elizabeth  , was in a cult and that she would n't come out . " It may have been Fritzl 's strict rule over the household that made it possible for him to keep his gruesome secret hidden for so long , Christine R. said . The unspeakable ordeal has taken a toll on the whole family , Christine R. said , stating that she spoke to her sister on the phone recently . "  Five or six days after Kerstin went to the hospital I called my sister and asked her how the girl was doing , " Christine R. said . "  She said that she herself was doing badly , and the girl herself was doing badly and she wished with all of her heart that the girl would pull through . " Fritzl is being held in police custody . He has yet to be charged , but he can be held by police for 14 days without formal charges while the investigation is under way . That amount of time can be extended by a judge . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer of Austrian incest suspect says his client has a mental disorder Fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say Wife of Josef Fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says Fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her sister
CNN  -- A Florida father who beat his 11-year-old son 's alleged molester unconscious before calling 911 told a CNN affiliate that his son is a hero and that the youngster is the only reason the man is alive . "  My immediate feeling was to kill him , so he will never hurt anyone again , " the father told CNN affiliate WESH . The father , who CNN is not identifying , told Volusia County emergency dispatch Friday that 18-year-old Raymond Frolander was close to the family and was in the apartment while the father was out . When he got home , the father said , he saw Frolander with the boy . Frolander 's pants fell down to his ankles "  and nothing else needed to be said " when he saw exposed genitals , the dad said . Frolander , who is being held in Volusia County Jail without bond , faces a charge of sexual battery of a child . The father told WESH that Frolander is lucky that 's all he is facing . "  My son saved Raymond . Raymond was motionless on our floor . I went to the kitchen to grab a butcher knife , and my son stopped me . My son came in front of me and saved his attacker 's life , " said the father . According to the charging affidavit , the 11-year-old victim told authorities that Frolander had performed oral sex on him and instructed the boy to fondle him . The document says the boy told authorities that Frolander began abusing him a few years ago . It also says Frolander told police , "  I 'm guilty . " An official in the criminal division of the Volusia County Clerk 's Office told CNN this is a confidential case because of the age of the victim , so no public record of the suspect 's plea or attorney 's name is available . On the 911 call , the father explained that Frolander was breathing , but not speaking , "  in a puddle of blood " on the floor . He added , "  I loved him up until 15 minutes ago . " At times , the dad is heard talking to the suspect , at one point saying , "  You are damn lucky , boy , that I love my God . " The father has not been charged , and when CNN affiliate CFN 13 asked Daytona Beach Police Chief Michael Chitwood whether he had any issue with the father 's reaction , he responded Friday , "  Not as a police chief and not as a father . " Chitwood had a starkly different reaction this week to news that the father had published his son 's photo on the Internet with a plea for cash . After the boy 's assault and his attacker 's beating became national news , the father reportedly posted the photo on Facebook saying he needed $ 1 million to pay for the boy 's care after the assault . He also set up a GoFundMe page , which Chitwood derided as a "  disaster . " As of Tuesday morning , the GoFundMe link on the Facebook page directed visitors to a page asking for help saving a mother of four from being evicted . GoFundMe said in a statement that its privacy policy prevented it from divulging whether a user 's page had gone live , but Chitwood confirmed he had seen it . "  My detectives and I went and looked at it . It was requesting 1 million dollars , " he said . "  It 's out of control . Somebody 's thinking ` We 're going to cash in on this . ' I did n't get it . " Chitwood also expressed concern that the victim could suffer additional psychological stress as a result of his dad 's actions . "  He 's a parent . He has to do what he thinks is right , but from a law enforcement perspective , we go through great lengths to protect identity of sex assault victims . There are psychological problems that come from being a victim . To put the kid out there is a disaster , " he said . "  I 've been doing this 27 years . I 've never seen anything like this . "	Father says that his son stopped him from killing alleged molester with knife Raymond Frolander , 18 , is charged with sexual battery on 11-year-old boy On 911 call , dad tells dispatcher he beat Frolander , who was in puddle of blood Police chief dismayed that dad posted son 's photo with request for $ 1 million
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Italy allege that a businessman supplied Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi with about 30 women , or escorts , in order to win favor with him . It 's the latest development in a long-running sex scandal . Transcripts of some of 100,000 wiretap recordings made between September 2008 and 2009 were filed with a court in the southern city of Bari Friday , as prosecutors wrapped up a three-year prostitution investigation . The transcripts reveal that Berlusconi and businessman Gianpaolo Tarantini repeatedly discussed bringing women to parties . Tarantini selected women to be of "  young age and slender " and instructed them in what to wear and how to behave at Berlusconi 's parties , the prosecutors say . Among them was Patrizia D'Addario , prosecutors say , who in 2009 alleged she and other women were paid to attend parties at Berlusconi 's residence . He denied her claim . In another conversation , they discuss what women they should each bring to a party that night . Berlusconi says that the male guests are powerful men "  so the girls have the idea of being in front of men that can decide their destiny . " He says he has "  two young girls whom I 've not seen for a long time " -- one of them a journalist and the other a 21-year-old Brazilian "  who cried over the phone telling me that I 'd forgotten her . " Discussing a party the night before in a wiretap from October 10 , Berlusconi tells Tarantini there were perhaps too many women . "  At the most to have two each , but now I want you also to have yours , otherwise I feel in debt . Why do n't you bring yours for you and I bring mine . ... " Tarantini agrees , and Berlusconi continues : "  Then we can exchange them ... " In a conversation between Tarantini and one of the women he recruited , she said Berlusconi told her he would help her . Berlusconi is not accused in this case filed in Bari but faces a separate trial in Milan for allegedly paying for sex with a then-17-year-old Moroccan belly dancer named Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " El Mahroug has denied having sex with the premier . Both admit that he gave her money , although they say it was an act of kindness to help her . Berlusconi has always denied wrongdoing and also denies ever having paid for sex . The latest revelations in the Bari case have reignited calls among his critics for Berlusconi to resign . In a letter published Saturday to the Foglio newspaper , run by his former spokesman Giuliano Ferrara , Berlusconi wrote that he had no intention of quitting . He said his behavior was nothing like what had been described in the media , and that he had done nothing to be ashamed of . In a separate but linked investigation by prosecutors in Naples , Tarantini is accused of having blackmailed Berlusconi over the scandal . According to the Naples prosecutors , Berlusconi was a victim of "  veiled and implied threats " and paid 800,000 euros to Tarantini . The prime minister denies having been blackmailed and says he gave the money to Tarantini as an act of charity . CNN 's Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	Newly filed court documents reveal details of inquiry into associates of Berlusconi Transcripts show Berlusconi and businessman Tarantini often discussed girls Berlusconi is not charged in the case and has always denied wrongdoing He faces other trials , one over allegedly paying an underage girl for sex
CNN  -- Looking for towering snow-covered peaks , lush woodlands , fields of rainbow-colored wildflowers or raging whitewater rivers across the United States ? Thanks to the landmark Wilderness Act , celebrating its 50th anniversary on September 3 , you can find many such examples of nature 's splendor . The act preserved nearly 110 million acres of wilderness across the United States . Some 54 areas in 13 states were placed into the National Wilderness Preservation System immediately after its establishment in 1964 . Now the act protects 758 areas in 44 states and Puerto Rico . In the spirit of celebration , here are 10 of the 54 original tracts of unspoiled wilderness celebrating 50 years of protection . With the exception of the impact of the forces of nature , they 're preserved just as they were in 1964 . Hiking , camping , backpacking and fishing are allowed in designated wilderness areas , as long as visitors follow a few rules designed to preserve the environment . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders Ansel Adams Wilderness , California The Ansel Adams Wilderness Area spans more than 230,000 acres and nearly 350 miles of trails , including sections of the well-known John Muir and Pacific Crest trails . Hikers can traverse elevations climbing up to 14,000 feet . It was originally called the Minaret Wilderness because of the jagged peaks known as minarets in the Ritter Mountain Range , a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada . In 1984 , the area was enlarged and renamed to honor legendary landscape photographer Ansel Adams . Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness , Colorado Designated in 1964 , Colorado 's Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness now encompasses more than 180,000 acres . With 100 miles of trails and nine passes with elevations above 12,000 feet , the area is dotted with sparkling alpine lakes . Six of the area 's peaks rise above 14,000 feet , drawing climbers to some of the most difficult ascents in Colorado . The imposing Maroon Bells peaks are said to be the most photographed peaks in North America . The mountains ' reflection in Maroon Lake on a nice day is certainly picture-perfect . The area is easily accessible in the summer from Aspen via shuttle . Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness , Idaho and Montana The third largest wilderness area in the lower 48 states , the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness is primarily in Idaho , but some of its 1.3 million acres spill over its glacier-carved border into Montana . With 1,800 miles of trails , the wilderness is a hiker 's delight , although many of the trails are unmaintained . Traversing the rocky trails can be a challenge , but the chance to spot wildlife such as elk , deer , moose , black bears , mountain lions and wolves makes the effort worthwhile . Boundary Waters Canoe Wilderness , Minnesota Sharing its northern border with Canada 's Quetico Provincial Park , Minnesota 's Boundary Waters Canoe Wilderness is comprised of more than 812,000 acres of preserved land , with nearly 1,200 lakes , ranging in size from 10 to 10,000 acres , and hundreds of miles of streams . The large network of streams allows for long-distance travel by watercraft , which is rare in the United States . Activities are plentiful in Boundary Waters , with camping and canoeing during the spring and summer , and skiing , dog-sledding and ice-fishing in the winter . The wilderness area also has cultural resource sites for visitors to explore the settlements and lives of Native Americans who settled on the land over 10,000 years ago . Gates of the Mountains Wilderness , Montana At about 28,500 acres , Gates of the Mountains Wilderness in Helena , Montana , is one of the most well-known landmarks of the Lewis and Clark Expedition . Although the sons of a French explorer traveled through the area in the 1700s , it was Meriwether Lewis who arrived in 1805 and gave the area its current name . Lewis was the first to leave a record of his passage through the area , giving it the moniker Gates of the Mountains in his journal . With 53 miles of trails in Gates of the Mountains , there are plenty of routes for visitors to enjoy . Shining Rock Wilderness , North Carolina Shining Rock Wilderness in East Fork , North Carolina spans just over 18,000 acres , but it is the largest wilderness area in the state . Named for its bedrock , formed by the "  shining rock " mica , the area has an elevation of 5,000 feet , with three peaks within the wilderness standing higher than 6,000 feet . Shining Rock is separated from another one of North Carolina 's wilderness areas , Middle Prong , by a single road . Steep and rugged terrain makes for trails that are largely rated difficult . The Art Loeb  11.6 miles  and Shining Creek  3.4 miles  trails are very popular with hikers up for the challenge . Great Gulf Wilderness , New Hampshire The smallest site on our list with just over 5,600 acres , Great Gulf Wilderness , near Mount Washington in New Hampshire , can be found within the crescent of the Presidential Mountain Range . On the bottom of the glacially carved valley floor , visitors will find the sparkling waters of Spaulding Lake . The Great Gulf Trail connects a network of smaller trails , and runs about five miles through the wilderness before it stretches on toward Mount Washington 's summit . The Appalachian National Scenic Trail also crosses through the wilderness for a little under three miles . Gila Wilderness , New Mexico Mesas , deep canyons , high mountains , sheer cliffs , woodlands and grasslands stretch across various areas of New Mexico 's 558,000-acre Gila Wilderness . The Gila River feeds year-round into creeks and springs that flow through the area , and hot springs are scattered and hidden throughout . A warning : Some of the springwater contains a deadly microorganism , so keep your head out of the hot spring water . Strawberry Mountain Wilderness , Oregon With seven alpine lakes , and elevations ranging from 4,000 to 9,000 feet , the Strawberry Mountain Wilderness near Prairie City , Oregon , offers beautiful sights to visitors during all seasons . Larches , the only conifer to lose their needles , turn gold in the fall , standing out from the spruce , pine and fir trees that also live in the nearly 70,000-acre wilderness area . True to the wilderness area 's name , wild strawberries ripen in July . About 125 miles of trails lure hikers and backpackers to the area . Teton Wilderness , Wyoming At more than 585,000 acres , Wyoming 's Teton Wilderness is just as worthy of visitors as its more famous neighbors .  Yellowstone National Park lies to the north , with Grand Teton National Park to the west .  The wilderness is home to the headwaters of the Yellowstone and Snake Rivers and to Two Ocean Pass , where a creek splits and sends water to both the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans . Teton is one of the country 's best wildlife areas , with a variety of different species of animals and birds . Grizzly bears , gray wolves , elk , bobcats and porcupines occupy the area year-round .	Landmark Wilderness Act turns 50 in September Nearly 110 million acres of wilderness now protected by act Included is Ansel Adams Wilderness Area in California Other spots are in Oregon , Montana , Wyoming , New Hampshire
CNN  -- A car bomb targeting the headquarters of Syria 's ruling party killed 53 people in central Damascus on Thursday , opposition activists and state-run media said . The explosion was close to a Russian Embassy building complex . No one there was injured or killed , but there was damage to a building , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said . Most of the victims were civilians . It 's unclear who is behind the blast . The explosion wounded more than 230 more people and burned 17 cars , Syrian state TV said . Ambulances raced to the scene as body bags were brought for the charred remains of passengers in a taxi , according to state television . The bomb detonated at a checkpoint manned by government soldiers in front of the Baath Socialist Party 's main office , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The neighborhood is also home to Iraqi refugees as well as Druze and Christian groups . Syrian rebels issue warning to Hezbollah It was unclear whether the driver blew up the car while sitting inside it or parked the vehicle and left before setting it off . The main Syrian opposition , the National Coalition for the Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , posted a statement on Facebook saying President Bashar al-Assad 's government was guilty of shelling residential neighborhoods and other crimes . The "  terrorist Assad regime " wishes to push Syrians "  to the brink of despair , " it said . The car bomb exploded just 65 feet away from the Baath Party building and damaged it , a resident named Mohammed said . Two schools are close by , and teachers phoned parents , asking them to pick up their children , he said . He did not want to give his last name because he was concerned for his own safety . There was damage as far away as 1,000 feet  305 meters  , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . In a separate incident , two car bombs exploded at government checkpoints in the Damascus suburb of Barzeh . Clashes ensued after the explosions , the Observatory said . In addition , two mortar rounds struck the Damascus offices of the Syrian army 's leadership , the opposition reported . In early January , a car bomb demolished a gas station close to a hospital in Barzeh , killing civilians . The government and opposition groups blamed each other for the attack . Activists detail abuse inside al-Assad 's prisons Over the past year , rebels fighting to topple al-Assad 's government have made inroads in the Damascus suburbs and have conducted potent strikes against government targets in the capital . Syrian government forces continued heavy aerial bombardments over rebel strongholds Thursday . Multiple attacks targeted towns in Idlib province in the north and in Daraa province bordering Israel , Jordan and Lebanon . The United Nations says that about 70,000 people have been killed in Syria 's civil war , which began nearly two years ago . Just Thursday , 210 people were killed across the nation , opposition activists said . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : 210 people killed across Syria on Thursday , opposition activists say Car bomb detonated at a checkpoint in front of the ruling party 's office The blast also damages the Russian Embassy in Damascus Syrian air force continues heavy bombing campaigns
CNN  -- GOP candidates Christine O'Donnell , Sharron Angle and Nikki Haley have captured the attention of the country this election season , but they 're just a few of the record number of women pursuing office this year . More than 160 women congressional and gubernatorial candidates won their primaries and will be on the ballot next week , leading some observers to dub 2010 the "  Year of the Woman . " This year 's record-breaking numbers are encouraging , but deceiving , said Siobhan "  Sam " Bennett , president of the Women 's Campaign Forum . "  We 're ranked 90th in the world in the number of women in elected office . We trail behind Cuba and Afghanistan , " she said , citing data from the Inter-Parliamentary Union on the percentage of women in national parliaments . " -LSB- People -RSB- look at Hillary Clinton 's run for Congress . She 's secretary of state . They look at -LSB- House Speaker -RSB- Nancy Pelosi and say , ` Oh , we got there ! We have parity , ' " Bennett said . "  Nothing could be further from the truth . " Bennett worries that for the first time in more than 30 years , we 'll see a backslide in the percentage of women in Congress , particularly among Democrats . Democrats are expected to lose seats in the House and Senate , and the female lawmakers in office are overwhelmingly Democratic . There are 13 Democratic women in the Senate , compared to just four Republican women . In the House , there are 56 women who are Democrats and 17 who are Republicans . "  The deeper problem underneath all this is we do not have a pipeline or a bench of women prepared to step up and run for the inevitable number of women that we are going to lose this cycle , " added Bennett , who was the Democratic nominee for Pennsylvania 's 15th District in 2008 . "  She Should Run , " a program run by the Women 's Campaign Forum , is an effort to recruit and equip women candidates . The program also encourages women to ask other women to consider making a bid for office . iReport : Maria Shriver shares her thoughts on women in politics In a potential blow to the current crop of female candidates , women voters are n't as pumped about heading to the polls this year , according to national surveys . "  We have n't seen this in the past , but this year it does look like women are less enthusiastic about voting than men are , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . In a commentary for CNN.com , Susan Wefald and Sara K. Gould , both with Ms. Foundation for Women , pointed to a number of factors leading to lower levels of excitement : Women feel overburdened by the state of the economy , turned off by the current state of American political affairs . "  The rhetoric of this political season may not be what we want or like , but times are simply too tough for millions of women to sit this one out , " they wrote . Jennifer Lawless , a former congressional candidate and current director of the Women & Politics Institute at American University , says it is not specifically women who are low on enthusiasm this year . "  Women are disproportionately registered as Democrats . So it 's not necessarily that women are less excited and less interested -- it 's that Democrats are , and that indirectly means women are , " she said . Based on her experience campaigning for the midterms , Sue Lynch , president of the National Federation of Republican Women , said she thinks interest among Republican women is higher than ever . "  The enthusiasm that I 'm seeing as I travel across the United States has just been overwhelming , " she said . "  The enthusiasm I think is at its peak . I do n't know that I 've ever seen in the past 12 years at the national level such a camaraderie for our women in moving forward and running as candidates . " The female candidates , she added , are bringing a new tone to the Republican Party . "  My adrenaline is pumping , " Lynch said . "  It is the year of the Republican woman . I pray to God that on November 3 I 'm right . " Lawless , who is less optimistic about Election Day , says she expects at best , women will hold steady at 17 seats in the Senate and lose four to six seats in the House . "  All of the pieces were in play for an anti-establishment , anti-Democratic , anti-incumbency year , and we 've seen that happen , " she said . "  Republican women running this cycle have an opportunity to represent that which is not currently in power -- which tend to be Democratic establishment candidates . " 1992 -- the previous "  Year of the Woman " -- was really the year of the Democratic woman , because that was who represented the anti-establishment candidate at the time , Lawless said . "  It 's shaping up to look like the year of the Republican . And it turns out that in some of the most high-profile races , the Republicans actually have women running . "	A record number of women run for office , but experts fear women will actually lose seats Democrats expected to lose seats , and female lawmakers are mostly Democrats Observer predicts women will hold steady in Senate and lose a few seats in House But veteran campaigner Sue Lynch says , "  It is the year of the Republican woman "
CNN  -- Paris Saint Germain completed the signings of France internationals Jeremy Menez and Blaise Matuidi from Roma and Saint-Etienne respectively on Monday . The French club also announced the arrival of Serbia defender Milan Bisevac , who like Menez and Matuidi has joined on a three-year contract . Winger Menez spent three years in Italy after leaving Monaco , while defensive midfielder Matuidi has spent all his career in France , having started out at Troyes . The 24-year-old pair both made their debuts for Laurent Blanc 's France team in 2010 , with Menez gaining his first cap in a friendly against Norway in August and Matuidi making his international bow against Bosnia and Herzegovina in September . Bisevac , 27 , has moved to the Parc des Princes from Valenciennes -- becoming the club 's third acquisition since the takeover by a Qatari investment group was completed and former Inter Milan coach Leonardo was installed as sporting director in July . The trio followed former Lorient striker Kevin Gameiro -- also a recent France call-up -- and Rennes goalkeeper Nicolas Douchez in joining the PSG squad since the end of last season . Several players have departed since the club finished fourth in Ligue 1 last term , including experienced international midfielders Ludovic Giuly , who was released , and the retired Claude Makelele . Meanwhile , English Premier League club Aston Villa have agreed a fee for Wigan Athletic 's Charles N'Zogbia . The France winger also made his international breakthrough in last year 's clash with Norway , and the 25-year-old will now discuss personal terms with the Birmingham-based team . "  The club are pleased to confirm that we have agreed a fee with Wigan for French international winger Charles N'Zogbia , " read a statement on Villa 's official website . "  We will now discuss personal terms with the player and arrange a medical , with a view to completing the transfer later this week . " N'Zogbia joined Wigan from Newcastle United in 2009 and scored nine goals for the Latics last season as they avoided relegation from England 's top division on the final day . If the transfer is completed , N'Zogbia will become Villa manager Alex McLeish 's second signing of the offseason following the arrival of former Newcastle goalkeeper Shay Given from Manchester City . Switzerland under-21 midfielder Pajtim Kasami has joined English club Fulham from Italian side Palermo . Kasami , 19 , was part of the Switzerland team which reached the final of last month 's European Under-21 Championship , losing 2-0 to Spain , and has signed a four-year contract at Craven Cottage . Czech Republic under-21 international defender Ondrej Celustka , who also played at the tournament in Denmark , has joined Turkish first division side Trabzonspor . Celustka , 22 , agreed a five-year-deal according to his former club Slavia Prague .	Paris Saint Germain confirm the signings of Jeremy Menez and Blaise Matuidi The pair of 24-year-old France internationals both sign three-year deals PSG also announce the arrival of Serbia international defender Milan Bisevac Aston Villa have agreed a fee with Wigan Athletic for France winger Charles N'Zogbia
Ali Addeh refugee camp , Djibouti  CNN  Henol and Mebratu emerge from their current home , a modest structure with plastic sheeting serving as its roof , carrying the "  master folder . " One of the most important documents on the camp , it 's a record of each Eritrean 's name and their case -- whether they 've been granted refugee status , whether they 've had their resettlement interview , whether they 've attempted the journey to Europe by sea , and whether they 've survived it . By the rows of names , red dots are marked to signify the dead . In the past few days , news -- from the network of friends and family across the world -- came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched in -- for the 20 friends who 'd drowned off the shores of Italy . For 25 years , Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti , which borders Eritrea , Ethiopia and Somalia in the Horn of Africa . For the camp 's 10,000 residents , who mostly come from these countries , this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the United Nations . Many though say it 's been years and they 're tired of waiting . For those willing to pay , there 's another route to a new life . Across the Ethiopian border , through to Sudan and then up and across into Libya -- from where the migrant ships operated by human traffickers set sail at high tide . Henol 's friend Soloman was among the hundreds who lost their lives this week when their boat capsized in the Mediterranean en route to Europe , he tells me . They 'd grown up together -- even made the risky journey to Djibouti together . When the time came for Soloman to travel , Henol says he was asked to go too but said no . He hoped to give the legal route a little longer . It was the first time they 'd been separated in years . I ask Henol if he still believes in the legal route . "  I can see now that we 've been forgotten by the world , " he says . "  There is no solution here . No solution back home -- what can we do ? We are living in limbo . " He tells me he now plans to follow his friend . Even though he died trying , I ask ? "  Yes , " he replies . Eritrea is ranked as one of the most repressive countries in the world , with an aging dictator enforcing a brutal regime of forced conscription to the army that rights groups believe is a cover for mass exploitation . Elected by the country 's national assembly in 1993 , Isaias Afewerki runs what is essentially a one-party state . One young man at the camp comes over on crutches to show us his disfigured knee . The commander of his military unit , he says , accused him of insubordination and with a viscous kick left him disabled for life -- just a few months shy of his 17th birthday . He asks that we not reveal his name . These are the things no one here will talk about on camera . Back in Djibouti we find a man who is willing to speak , as long as we obscure his identity . With his face in shadow he haltingly tells us that the last time he saw his father was 20 years ago -- the night his mother was killed trying to stop the men who came to take him away . He believes they were working for the security forces . As soon as he was old enough , he says he made his first attempt at crossing into Djibouti . He was discovered and wounded by gunfire . As soon as he 'd recovered though , he tried again , knowing that if he was caught this time he 'd be killed . Despite a wound that had barely healed , he made it into Djibouti after four days of walking day and night . This is where he 's been for the last seven years , waiting to be resettled through the UN . The uncertainty is agony . He understands why others have pinned their hopes on people smugglers and leaky vessels . "  People risk their lives , " he says , "  for a better life . "  All this that is happening -LSB- in Europe -RSB- is because of the neglect of the international community . "  People come to Djibouti and look at someone like me who 's been waiting so long and think there is no hope . It 's better to put ourselves in the hands of God . " If he had the money , he says , he would too .	For 25 years , Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti Many come from Somalia , Ethiopia and especially Eritrea -- which is ruled by a one-party state Despite the risks , Eritrean refugees say they 'd risk their lives with people smugglers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He is hailed as a god in his native Argentina , has been a vital part of the country 's culture since the mid-70s and is largely considered to be one of the greatest footballers of all time . Maradona 's crowning achievement was captaining Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986 . Now , 11 years since retiring from playing , Diego Maradona is making a triumphant return to the sport as the Argentine national coach . However , his checkered past has made Maradona something of a surprise choice . The 48-year-old has regularly courted controversy -- not with-standing his well-publicized drug-addiction . His talent has never been in doubt , though , and his performances on a domestic and world stage are the stuff of legend . Since beginning his career as a 15-year-old with Argentinos Juniors , Maradona has attracted legions of fans . At club level , Maradona won the Argentine title with Boca Juniors , prompting a high-profile move to European football , where he won the Copa del Rey with Barcelona . But it was at Napoli that his presence was really felt . When he arrived , the club were not considered title contenders in Serie A , but with Maradona 's arrival , the southern side were transformed into one of Italian football 's dominant forces . During his time with Napoli , the club won the Scudetto twice , the Coppa Italia and the UEFA Cup . And his status as a national hero was further cemented during his performances in the 1982 , 1986 and 1990 World Cups . Though he briefly shone in his World Cup debut in 1982 , before an act of petulance saw him sent off against Brazil , it was the 1986 tournament in Mexico that Maradona made his own . Maradona took the finals by the scruff of the neck , scoring five times , including one of the greatest goals ever scored in the 2-1 quarterfinal win over England -- as well as creating more controversy with his infamous "  hand of God " goal in the same match . But his iconic status as a footballer is only outshone by his wild private life . His time at Napoli came to an abrupt end after he was found in possession of cocaine , and his last World Cup as a player , USA 1994 , was beset with controversy , as he was sent home early after failing a drugs test . And the Maradona soap opera has continued after his retirement . Since quitting in 1997 , he has spent a great deal of time in drug rehabilitation clinics in Cuba and Switzerland , where he combated his addiction to cocaine . He has also been subject to dramatic weight gain , struggling with obesity and eventually undergoing gastric bypass surgery to prevent any further fluctuations in his size . In recent years he has also been treated for the affects of alcohol abuse and his health has been a cause for much concern among the world 's sports media . He has been hit by hepatitis at least twice and in 2004 he was rushed to hospital after a heart attack , following a cocaine overdose . And at times he has even seemed mentally unstable -- in a famous incident the one time chat show fired a gun at media waiting outside his house , hitting and injuring four . But , despite the negative stories that have circulated about Maradona , he is still regarded as a national hero in Argentina . No-one can doubt his skills as a player , but it has certainly raised a few eyebrows that he has been put in charge of an Argentina team that is struggling to hold its own in the World Cup qualifiers . Whether he can strategize like a professional manager is yet to be seen , but simply by being Maradona , he will prove to be a great figurehead for the team .	Diego Maradona is a football legend in Argentina , one of the world 's greats His skills at Napoli and for the Argentina national side are highly praised He has a reputation for leading a wild private life , was addicted to cocaine
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Peace talks between the United States and the Taliban over the war in Afghanistan will probably be held "  in the next few days , " a senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Wednesday . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , did not offer up a time line for the discussions . But a prisoner exchange is one of the issues the United States intends to discuss with the Taliban . Senior U.S. officials say they want the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , a soldier captured by militants in 2009 . "  We have every reason to believe " Bowe Bergdahl is alive , a Pentagon official told CNN . News that the meeting was moving forward followed a tumultuous day that saw questions raised about the peace process after an angry Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was pulling out of the peace talks with the Taliban and canceling security talks with the United States . Karzai was angered about reports that the Taliban appeared to be offering their new office in Doha , Qatar , up as an alternative government , going so far as to put up a sign proclaiming it the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan -- the name the Taliban used during their rule . In a statement released by Karzai 's office , the president said "  foreign powers " were behind Tuesday 's opening of the Taliban office . Taliban talks announced as Afghanistan assumes security Karzai appeared to renew earlier claims that the Taliban and Western officials want to destabilize Afghanistan . Despite Karzai 's decisions to pull back , the United States continues "  close coordination " with the Afghan government on peace and security talks , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jenn Psaki said Wednesday . Karzai 's office said Taliban rhetoric about continuing to take the fight to Afghan and foreign fighters , even as the group pursues a political solution , was "  completely in contradiction to the assurance that was given to Afghanistan by the United States of America . " He used similar justification for suspending security negotiations with the United States over the presence of foreign troops in Afghanistan past the scheduled pullout next year . In March , Karzai appeared to accuse the United States and the Taliban of collusion , saying violent attacks by the group "  show that the Taliban are serving the foreigners and are not against them . " He later walked the remarks back , saying they were misinterpreted . Speaking Wednesday in Berlin , U.S. President Barack Obama said he was n't surprised by Karzai 's response . "  We had anticipated that at the outset there were going to be some areas of friction , to put it mildly , in getting this thing off the ground , " Obama said . But he said that he believes Karzai remains committed to political reconciliation , and that he needs to be . "  We do n't expect that it will be easy , " Obama told reporters at a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . "  But we do think ultimately we 're going to need to see Afghans talking to Afghans about how they can move forward and end the cycle of violence so they can start actually building their country . " At their office in Doha , Taliban make changes Conflicting Taliban messages The Taliban opened the Doha office with a promise to renounce international terrorism and commit to peace negotiations , conditions the United States had set before it would support establishing the office as part of peace talks . But a Taliban spokesman also said the group would continue its military campaign , a promise soon followed by the group 's claim of responsibility for the death of four U.S. troops . Psaki said that the name of the Taliban office came as a surprise to U.S. officials and that Qatari officials took the name off the office door Wednesday , replacing it with the more neutral "  Political Office of the Afghan Taliban . " Karzai 's office said Wednesday that his administration wants peace with the Taliban . 4 Americans killed at U.S. base in Afghanistan ; Taliban claim responsibility "  But the messages of continuation of fighting which were sent out during the opening of the Taliban office in Qatar are completely in contradiction with the peace-wanting spirit of the government of Afghanistan , " Karzai said . He said the High Peace Council would not take part in the talks with the Taliban in Doha "  until the process is completely left to Afghans . " Karzai earlier Wednesday suspended talks with the United States over maintaining a troop presence in Afghanistan to help train Afghan forces past the scheduled 2014 pullout date for Western troops . The agreement could provide the basis for any future NATO role in Afghanistan . Karzai 's decision to suspend those talks came a day after NATO-led troops transferred security responsibility to Afghan forces . The Afghan government suspended the talks "  in view of the contradiction between acts and the statements made by the United States of America in regard to the Peace Process , " it said in a statement . Why is U.S. now brokering peace with Taliban ? Hopes revived for captured soldier Bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift at a combat outpost in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , in the southeastern section of the county . Since his capture , four videos of the Idaho native have been released . The last video was sent in February 2011 , and it 's unclear where Bergdahl is being held now . He was a private at the time . The army has been giving him promotions that would have come to him had his Army career gone as planned . If he returns home safely , the Army will give him all the back pay that he has earned while in captivity . The military told CNN it had no reason to believe Bergdahl was dead . Bergdahl 's family received a letter from the captive soldier recently . His father mentioned receiving the letter in an e-mail exchange with Dwight Murphy , the spokesman for the local POW/MIA group in Boise Valley , Idaho . "  We have received a letter from Bowe through the Red Cross ! " the father says in the exchange . "  He was scripted and redacted but he was no doubt alive and his faculties fully functioning as of two months ago . " He did not say when he got the letter , but Murphy copied and pasted the exchange with the father on his Facebook page after receiving his permission to do so . The father 's letter goes on say , "  They are being very careful with him . He is still highly valued at high levels . "  Guantanamo , drones and politics in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Washington are still the big issues . " His father has rarely spoken to the media . In his exchange with Murphy , he said he believed "  we are getting closer to a resolution . " But , he added , there seems to be a disagreement among the Taliban about the direction forward . "  It appears at least several parties want to arbitrate captive SGT Bowe , several others ... want to keep fighting until every single Westerner is out , " the father said . Why Taliban would talk as withdrawal looms Jill Dougherty reported from Washington and Masoud Popalzai from Kabul . Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat , Ed Payne , Joe Sterling , Cristy Lenz and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Prisoner exchanges will be on the agenda NEW : The U.S. wants Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl to be released , official says NEW : U.S. , Afghan governments in "  close coordination , " State Department official says NEW : Obama : Afghan President Hamid Karzai remains committed to political reconciliation
CNN  -- A Venezuelan fishing boat has rescued 11 Chinese sailors , including four suffering from severe burns , from a life raft floating in the Pacific Ocean about 1,100 km  684 miles  off the coast of Mexico . Six sailors from the Chinese vessel remain missing , and two of the rescued men subsequently died from their injuries . Airmen from an Arizona-based United States Air Force Search and Rescue team assisted in the recovery of two of the seamen , who were critically injured , a spokesperson from the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base said Sunday . The uninjured crew members , along with the bodies of the two deceased , were transferred to a Chinese-flagged vessel which was in the area and are being repatriated . The Venezuelan vessel radioed a request for assistance late Friday afternoon , and airmen from the 563rd Rescue Group , based in Tucson , Arizona , flew to the location to treat the injured crew , where emergency treatment continued into Sunday aboard the ship . The team parachuted from an Air Force aircraft after an 11-hour flight to the remote location in the Pacific , approaching the fishing boat on Zodiac inflatables . The airmen were preparing for the world 's largest Combat Search and Rescue  CSAR  exercise , codenamed Angel Thunder , when the real-world distress call came through , a 12th Air Force report stated . "  We were preparing for the training exercise when we were notified of what was going on , " 1st Lt. Ben Schmidt , 48th Rescue Squadron Combat Rescue Officer was quoted as saying . "  As a Guardian Angel , this is what we are trained and equipped to do , so there is no better way to show our capabilities . " Capt. Susan Harrington , Public Affairs Officer at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base , told CNN that the military was hoping to transfer the two injured crew members back to Cabo San Lucas , the nearest landfall in Mexico , on Monday  local time  . "  We are prepared to rescue anyone , anytime , anywhere , when tasked by the Air Force , " Col. Sean Choquette , 563rd RQG Commander , said . "  Our airmen train diligently to execute difficult missions like this one . " Family rescued at sea U.S. Navy responds to distress call in Aegean Sea	Chinese sailors found floating on life raft by Venezuelan fishing boat after their ship sank 11 rescued , including two who are seriously injured and two who later died Six seamen remain missing U.S. Air Force assisted in the rescue
CNN  -- Scarlett Johansson 's beau put a ring on it . But the wedding date is not yet set . The actress is engaged to Romain Dauriac , who co-owns an independent advertising agency . Her rep confirmed the happy news , but did not disclose when it occurred . "  They have n't chosen a date for the wedding , " she said . Johansson 's marriage to Ryan Reynolds ended in 2011 . Last year , the actress told Vogue magazine that their divorce was "  comically amicable . " But that did not mean it was a happy ending . "  Of course it 's horrible , " she told the magazine . "  It was devastating . It really throws you . You think that your life is going to be one way , and then , for various reasons or whatever , it does n't work out . " Johansson has appeared in various movies , including "  Lost in Translation " and "  Girl With a Pearl Earring . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report	The actress is engaged to Romain Dauriac Her beau co-owns an independent advertising agency Johansson 's marriage to Ryan Reynolds ended in 2011
If you thought you were going to be reincarnated as a horse -- you 'd probably want to be born here . That was the madcap idea which prompted an 18th-century French prince , Louis-Henri de Bourbon , to build the most spectacular horse stables in the world . Legend has it that the wealthy royal commissioned the luxurious Grand Stables in northern France because he believed he would be born again as a horse -- and not just any old royal box would do . At more than 180 meters long -- roughly the same size as two soccer fields -- the stables at Chantilly are not only a spectacular feat of architecture , they 're also home to a famous collection of equine artworks and the rarest ponies on the planet . This weekend the Grand Stables -- and its adjoining Museum of the Horse -- will again be unveiled to the world as part of a $ 3.3 million makeover led by the fourth Aga Khan , both a business magnate and the spiritual leader of 20 million Nizari Ismaili Muslims . "  It will be one of the few museums in the world totally dedicated to the horse , in all aspects of life , " His Highness Prince Karim told CNN of his grand project . Rescued relic Built almost 300 years ago , in 1719 , the Grand Stables was one of the most breathtaking buildings in the world , housing a whopping 250 horses and 300 hunting dogs on the manicured lawns and lakes of the opulent Chantilly Estate . In the evenings , Prince Louis-Henri would hold sumptuous dinners under the building 's monumental dome , which soars 28 meters high . But by the turn of the 21st century , the stables and museum had become a dusty shadow of their former glory . "  It was the most stunning building built for horses in the world , " Benoit Junod , director for museums and exhibitions at the Aga Khan Development Network , told CNN . "  The prince was a cousin of the king and I think he wanted to create something which would rival the Palaces of Versaille . "  But in recent years it was falling into disrepair -- there were problems with water seepage from the lake , the roof needed to be repaired . " That was until Prince Karim -- a renowned horse owner and breeder , perhaps most notably of Shergar -- invested his fortune in an ambitious project to transform the sad old relic into a world-leading equine exhibition . "  The mayor came to me and said , ` Would you join us in financing the saving of Chantilly 's race course ? ' said the Aga Khan , who has had an office in the area for "  many many " years . "  And I said , ` But I 'm not interested in only saving the race course . I 'd like to widen the spectrum to the whole of Chantilly . ' " Treasure trove Venture inside the elegant museum and you 'll discover a remarkable collection of hundreds of paintings , sculptures , and curios , depicting everything from mythical horses to racing thoroughbreds . The building 's 17 garages , which originally housed elegant carriages in the 1700s , have been converted into gallery rooms and a caf . "  We have a crazy mixture of everything from British artist Norman Thelwell 's cartoons to major works of art by 15th-century renaissance painters , " said Junod . "  You have a lot of horse museums around the world which deal with certain aspects -- such as racing or equipment . But nothing which has the ambition to tackle the extraordinary history and beauty of the horse in full . " But it 's not just rare artworks attracting 160,000 visitors a year . Also referred to as the "  Live Horse Museum , " the lush green estate is home to more than 30 breeds of horses -- including the only one of its kind in Europe . Among the cantering thoroughbreds and Shetland ponies is 10-year-old Dilraj -- the first and only Marwari horse to step foot on the continent . The Marwari are descendants of horses used by ancient Indian warriors , known for the courage in battle and distinctive inward-curving ears Race to the top Drifting in to the gallery rooms this weekend will also be the roar from the crowd at France 's second biggest horse race -- the Prix de Diane , which is for three-year-old fillies . Sunday 's prestigious race takes place on the pretty Chantilly course , nestled in front of the towering Grand Stables . It is a special day for the Aga Khan , who has had seven winning thoroughbreds in the competition -- the most of any horse racing owner . "  This year we do n't have a runner -- I was hoping we would have but the filly 's last race was not what we wanted , " he said . "  Every time I 've won it has been with a home-bred filly . The goal of my farm is to breed winners . I do n't buy racing stock , the results are dependent on my breeding . " As Junod says , part of the appeal of the museum is n't just its multimillion-dollar setting -- it 's also man 's enduring fascination with these four-legged beasts . "  The horse has always been a strong , independent animal -- a friend of man , not a slave of man . And I think that 's part of the reason why it still captures our imaginations today . "	Welcome to Chantilly 's Grand Stables , world 's most beautiful horse homes Built in 1719 by a French prince , the stables had become dilapidated Five years ago Islamic spiritual leader Aga Khan invested in building makeover This weekend the revamped $ 3.3 million horse museum will open to public
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- After 31 years and two months at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , John Bundy is joining the ranks of the unemployed . He showed up for his last day at 7 a.m. Friday , turned in his employee badge and then left to go hunting . "  I 'm very proud I was a part of this , " he said . "  There were some challenging times , but I am glad I was part of this team . " He is one of more than 1,200 United Space Alliance employees whose were laid off October 1 : coincidentally , the same day NASA began operating in 1958 . Bundy , 50 , started his career as a technician on the shuttle thermal protection system and then worked his way up to manager for Kennedy Space Center 's orbital processing facility . Now , he 's updating his rsum and taking welding classes at Brevard Community College in hopes of finding another job . "  I do n't know how to put 31 years into a sentence , " Bundy said . McGinnis and the others who walked out the door of the Kennedy Space Center on Friday are some of the nearly 9,000 NASA employees whose jobs will be cut as the shuttle program nears its end . Some of those jobs may be extended if President Obama signs the $ 19 billion budget for the space agency , passed by Congress this week , that authorizes an additional shuttle launch . Congress passes NASA budget But the extension comes too late for Bundy and the other United Space Alliance employees . The ending came as no surprise : Six years ago , President George W. Bush announced that 2010 would be the last year for the shuttle program . Because many NASA workers like Bundy have specialized jobs , it will be hard to transition from the space agency to other employment . With the help of federal funding , Florida has set up a transitional program to help aerospace workers prepare for new employment . Read more coverage from CNN affiliate WKMG Many of the NASA employees seeking employment help are "  like deer in the headlights , " said Lisa Rice , president of Brevard Workforce , which runs the federally funded aerospace transitional program . "  First reaction : ` Where do I go ? What do I do ? ' " she said , describing NASA employees ' responses after being laid off . Job loss , Rice explains , is kind of like a grieving process . With the help of the transitional program , aerospace employees are lead through the process of rsum writing , sharpening interviewing techniques and developing skills needed for new jobs . Many Kennedy Space Center workers , like Bundy , have not written a rsum for more than 30 years . Transitional instructors teach workers how to include decades of experience into a one - or two-page rsum . "  You need to have a plan B , " said transitional program director Judy Blanchard . "  The shuttle is retiring , and the end is inevitable . " Boeing aerospace engineer Juan Vazquez took the warning to heart , having worked on shuttles for 23 years . This year , he opened two laundromats that he runs in his spare time . To ensure that he would succeed as a small-business owner , Vazquez completed the transitional program 's entrepreneur training class . "  I grew up on shuttle . I 've been working on shuttle since I was 18 years old , " Vazquez said . "  I pretty much live and breathe this stuff . I really enjoy what I do . " Other shuttle workers have had a hard time coming to terms with the idea that there is no definite replacement for shuttle , according to Rice . When Bush announced that the shuttle program would end in 2010 , he said it would be replaced by the Constellation program to return man to the moon and beyond . Many shuttle workers held out hope that they could find new jobs in the Constellation program , which would have included two new rocket systems and a new crew module to transport astronauts into space . From the beginning , Constellation was plagued by underfunding . This year , Obama killed the program 's future funding because of budget overruns and because it was behind schedule . That could affect more than 20,000 workers along Florida 's space coast , according to Rice . "  We are looking at 9,000 aerospace workers who will be affected with another 14,000 indirectly affected in community , " she said . For Bundy , walking away from Kennedy Space Center was not as hard as he thought , he said Friday morning . He praised United Space Alliance for going "  above and beyond to help their people adjust , from job placement to constant job fairs . " But it 's more about just losing a job , he explained . "  I have a lot of friends , a lot of teammates , " Bundy said . "  I wish them all the best , and I 'm going to miss them all . "	More than 1,200 NASA workers were laid off Friday because of the shuttle program 's end The layoffs went ahead despite Congress ' approval of NASA 's $ 19 billion budget Many NASA workers , like John Bundy , have n't updated their rsum in decades Bundy , whose last day was Friday , is taking welding classes at a community college
CNN  -- As the tough economy drags on , cost remains a leading consideration that people use to decide which mobile devices and wireless services they 'll purchase . Dealnews.com just took a look at things that will probably cost consumers either more or less in 2012 . Mobile devices featured most prominently on the site 's list of 12 Things That Will Be Less Expensive in 2012 . Here 's a roundup of their findings , from a mobile-tech perspective : Tablets On the tablet front , writer Louis Ramirez says the Kindle Fire has , "  ahem , ignited a fire among tablet manufacturers as they scramble to match Amazon 's $ 199 price tag . For consumers , the competition translates to better tablet bargains in 2012 . " Smaller , cheaper Android-based e-reader tablets are n't really meant to compete directly with fully featured tablets such as the iPad or the Samsung Galaxy Tab . They are very different product types that appeal to different market niches -- and as such have significantly different price points . The Dealnews tablet deals page regularly lists special offers on new or refurbished tablets , both large and small , and fully featured or limited , on every mobile operating system . Will the iPad be cheaper in 2012 ? Maybe , if you do n't need the latest model . Ramirez predicts that the iPad 2 will see a significant price drop in 2012 . "  The -LSB- widely anticipated -RSB- iPad 3 will not feature a significant price drop  if any at all  , but one thing is guaranteed -- Cupertino 's forthcoming tablet will most certainly bring down the price of refurbished iPad 2s , as the iPad 2 did for its predecessor , " he wrote . "  The iPad 3 may even cause resellers to offer more deals on new iPad 2 models as they try to move yesterday 's tech to make room for Apple 's latest and greatest . " E-readers Dedicated e-reader devices such as the Amazon Kindle and the Kobo  which focus mainly on displaying books and long-format content , rather than Web-based services and apps  are likely to reach all-time low prices in 2012 . According to Dealnews : "  Each new generation of Amazon 's Kindle reader has chipped away at the e-book reader 's price tag , sometimes by as much as 61 % . Assuming there 's a new Kindle in 2012  rumor has it that an e-ink update with video support will debut  , we expect to see continued price cuts on Amazon 's popular e-book reader . " As I wrote last year , it 's even possible that Amazon might start giving away the Kindle -- maybe in 2012 . Notebooks Notebook laptops are also a popular type of mobile device . According to Ramirez , 2012 might yield some especially good deals on refurbished Apple MacBook Air models . "  In 2011 the price of a refurbished , fourth-generation 11-inch MacBook Air dropped from $ 849 to $ 699  17 %  . Not bad for a notebook that 's single-handedly changing the laptop industry . Apple is bound to refresh its MacBook Air in 2012 , and the new model  which would be the sixth generation  is guaranteed to drive refurb prices down even lower . Do n't care for a refurb unit ? In 2011 , we also saw aggressive deals on new , current fifth-generation MacBook Airs with prices dropping from $ 999 to $ 850  14 %  . " GPS units As consumers get used to using GPS-enabled smartphones and tablets for navigation , Dealnews predicted that standalone GPS units  such as those sold by Garmin  will get cheaper than ever . "  In 2011 , units that were once fetching around $ 160 reached price-lows of just $ 70 . " In fact , Ramirez wrote , "  No gadget is as close to extinction as the GPS unit . " However , if the recent National Transportation Safety Board recommendation to ban cell phone use by drivers in cars is implemented by any states or municipalities , sales of GPS units might see a resurgence -- since the recommendation exempted devices specifically "  designed to support the driving task . " What will get more expensive What will cost mobile users more in 2012 ? The Dealnews list of 11 Things That Will Be More Expensive in 2012 contained only one reference to mobile : data plans . As I wrote last year , perhaps the most important development in the U.S. mobile landscape in 2011 was that all but one of the major carriers have abandoned unlimited data plans in favor of tiered service . This comes as the carriers are rolling out high-speed 4G networks , and U.S. mobile users are developing a strong taste for data-intensive services like streaming media . If you 're on a tiered plan and start using a lot more data , you could end up with a large surprise bill -- or throttled service . Determined price-conscious consumers have been trying to find tricks to get unlimited data on tiered plans . But the carriers can catch on to this -- Verizon recently closed a loophole that allowed this . In October , the Federal Communications Commission said it might issue new rules to prevent bill shock . The major U.S. carriers said they would voluntarily start issuing text alerts to customers who near their phone plan caps . However , it 's unclear how fast or consistently this alert feature will roll out , and whether it will include alerts related to data consumption . So to control your costs , if you use data-intensive mobile services , your best bets are to use Wi-Fi whenever possible and to install apps or other tools that allow you to keep a close eye on your data usage . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Analyst predicts that in 2012 , the iPad 2 will see a significant price drop Dedicated e-reader devices such as the Amazon Kindle may also reach all-time low prices 2012 might yield some especially good deals on refurbished Apple MacBook Airs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Julian Castro is not cooperating . The mayor of San Antonio knows full well what I want to talk about , and yet he is determined to change the subject to what he believes is a much more pressing story . Where I want to drag him , my friend refuses to go . First , you might be asking what the mayor of America 's seventh-largest city is doing in the second-largest city . He 's in town on business , and I 've come up from my home north of San Diego to have lunch with him . But Castro is not out of place here : He went to college up the highway at Stanford University , and he has plenty of friends and supporters in Southern California . Besides , as one of the most prominent Latino elected officials in the country , he is a national figure . In fact , now that the Texas Democrat has been named one of 30 national co-chairmen for President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign , we can expect to see him dispatched often over the next several months to some of the most heavily Latino cities in California . For the 37-year-old , life is about hustling and constantly being in motion . As if to prove it , Castro has run the Rock 'n' Roll half marathon  13.1 miles  each time the race has come to San Antonio . So how ironic that what we are talking about is a proposed artistic re-creation in his city that would depict , among other things , a Mexican sleeping against a wall . Oh , him again . That popular and yet offensive image : a Mexican in a big sombrero asleep against a wall or , more often , under a cactus . He 's the Mexican-American community 's Charlie Chan , our cigar store Indian , our black Sambo . He personifies and perpetuates the wrongheaded idea that the reason Mexico lost half its territory in the land grab known as the U.S.-Mexican War and the reason that Mexican-Americans have been mistreated and discriminated against in the century and a half since then is , well , because they were inattentive , passive , asleep . In San Antonio , city officials have launched a project to re-create the historic marquee of an iconic drive-in movie theater . The problem is that the marquee in question , installed in the late 1940s , depicted the images of a Mexican in a sombrero asleep against a wall and another Mexican with a burro . Right . We ca n't forget the burro . Local activists are not amused , calling the images demeaning and racist . They 're demanding that the proposed re-creation leave out the offensive images . Apparently , people in San Antonio have a lot to say about this controversy . You know who has n't said anything publicly ? Julian Castro . As a Mexican-American , Castro is much more interested in painting a picture of San Antonio as a city that never sleeps . There ought to be a picture of him in the dictionary next to the word "  positive . " He 's no one 's victim . And that 's probably one reason that The New York Times has referred to him as "  the post-Hispanic Hispanic politician . " For the most part I admire that about him , but I also understand why non-Hispanics fancy the idea that a prominent Hispanic official is n't peddling victimhood . It 's because many of them must realize that , these days , Hispanics are being victimized . If our leaders start beating that drum , there 's no telling what could happen . At first , when we sat down , Castro resisted saying anything about the controversy over the sleeping Mexican . Then he relented . "  I certainly understand the hurt feelings , " he said . "  Because it speaks to the negative perception of the Latino community as lazy and unambitious that has hampered it through the years . But , at the same time , we have a majority-Latino city that was just ranked as the top-performing city last year , we have more and more college graduates every day reaching their dreams , so I 'm going to spend my time on the positive . " That positive includes the Milken Institute 's 2011 ranking of San Antonio as No. 1 out of 200 metropolitan areas in terms of performance , in terms of "  creating and sustaining jobs and economic growth . " And plans for a $ 150 million performance arts there center are off the ground . There is a $ 600 million bond measure coming before voters . And the city 's unemployment rate is 6.9 % -- compared with the statewide rate of 7.3 % and the national figure of 8.3 % . Still , I could n't get the sleeping Mexican off my mind . I asked Castro if these recurring racial battles are important or merely a distraction ? "  In some people 's minds , the community is still limited to that perception , " he said . "  To the degree that addressing it helps us heal , then it 's important . " He added : "  What 's interesting about this issue is that they wanted to preserve something that historically had been there . ... It 's historic preservation vs. cultural sensitivity . If you go full historical preservation , you 're going to do it warts and all . You have to balance it . More than anything , you just feel unfortunate that you 're in the pit to begin with . " So I said , "  You 're like , ' I do n't want to feed this controversy . ... ' " Castro interrupted : "  But I understand it . I respect it . I agree that I do n't like that image . I understand how it makes people feel , especially for the older generation . It 's a sense of , ` Oh man , here we go again . ' When there is a perceived slight , they 're more attuned it . They catch it . " To hear him describe it , the proposed re-creation depicts a sleeping Mexican all right , but not as the centerpiece of the marquee . It 's just off to the side . The more I think about it , the more I decide this whole controversy is a whole lot of nothing . So , I ask , why is there a problem ? "  It 's symbolic , " Castro said . "  It 's symbolic of how the Latino community has been perceived . There 's a frustration there that we have n't moved beyond that . But I will also say that it 's frustrating because we do n't see Latinos projected in the media positively . So you feel like : ` Well , if you had all this great press and people who have become astronauts and done other great things regularly in the news ... then there would n't be a problem . ' If there was a balance , I do n't think it would strike people so negatively and we could move on . " This is a wake-up call . Let 's put to rest the protests over this image . It 's offensive , but it does n't sting . Not anymore . We know the truth . Time to move on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. : San Antonio mayor among most prominent Latino officals He says Julian Castro struggles with controversy over planned mural showing sleeping Mexican Navarrette says Castro sees mural image as historic , not currently resonant Navarrette : Image is offensive , but it 's time to let this one go in today 's booming San Antonio
Washington  CNN  -- Two unconnected overseas emergencies -- the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and Islamic terrorists in Iraq and Syria -- are prompting President Barack Obama to embark on a two-day U.S. road trip that the White House hopes will demonstrate a commander at work . The spread of Ebola in West Africa , which has n't slowed despite $ 100 million of pledged U.S. aid , is unrelated to the U.S. mission to degrade ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria . But both have prompted worry among Americans about their personal safety and led to charges the White House is n't doing enough to combat the hazards . The dual foreign plagues have yet to pose an immediate threat to the United States homeland , the White House says , though each has claimed the lives of Americans abroad . And officials say both Ebola and ISIS could grow to become unmanageable problems if action is n't taken now to stamp them out . Obama 's trip , which begins Tuesday , will take him to the Atlanta headquarters of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and later to the U.S. Central Command at the MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa . The President 's stop Tuesday at the CDC comes amid loudening criticism from health experts on the global response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa , where almost 2,500 people have died . At the U.S. public health agency Obama will be briefed on the outbreak and speak to officials there about how the U.S. is responding . Afterwards he 's likely to announce new U.S. commitments in combating the virus ' spread , the White House said Monday . Though officials would not specify how the U.S. may increase its response , steps Obama could announce include sending more medical equipment and U.S. doctors and nurses to combat the virus , and ramping up training for local medical teams . The Defense Department may also be asked to increase its support in handling logistics of the large-scale response already underway , which involves multiple countries and aid groups . Epidemiologists and others who are monitoring the disease have claimed developed countries are n't sending enough resources to the three nations most affected : Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . The U.S. has committed more than $ 100 million in the effort to combat Ebola , according to the U.S. Agency for International Development , and Obama plans to call on Congress to approve an additional $ 88 million as part of a bill to fund the federal government . Last week USAID said it would spend $ 75 million to build treatment facilities and supply them with medical equipment . But so far the U.S. aid has been unable to stop the spread of the deadly virus , which Obama and White House officials are calling a national security problem . Particularly concerning , U.S. officials say , is the potential for instability in the countries where Ebola is rampant and the possibility for the virus to mutate into a more dangerous form . Ebola currently only transmits though contact with bodily fluids ; a mutation that allows the virus to spread through the air would pose a catastrophic threat to human populations worldwide , health experts say . Speaking Monday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said there was still a "  very low " likelihood the Ebola virus could mutate in a way that poses a threat to the United States . "  Right now , the risk of an Ebola outbreak in the United States is very low , but that risk would only increase if there were not a robust response on the part of the United States , " Earnest said . The potential for increased risk to the U.S. homeland has also inspired the more robust response to ISIS terrorists , who Obama announced last week would be the target of an air campaign inside Iraq and Syria . That mission is run from U.S. Central Command in Tampa , where Obama will receive a briefing on battle plans Wednesday . The White House said the President would also visit servicemen and women during his stop at the facility . Obama and his aides maintain that ISIS fighters do n't currently pose a direct threat to the U.S. homeland but warn of the potential for militants with U.S. or Western passports to return home and stage an attack remains a top concern . Secretary of State John Kerry has been engaging Arab and European nations in building a coalition to fight ISIS , though levels of commitment from foreign partners has remained vague . "  We 're pleased with the level of conversations that we 're having with these governments and their willingness to contribute in a tangible , important way to this broader effort , " Earnest said Monday . "  We 'll have some announcements to make in terms of what sort of cooperation and involvement and commitment that we have from the international community . And based on the tenor and tone of the kinds of private conversations that are underway right now , we expect those commitments to be substantial . "	Obama hits road Tuesday for briefings at CDC and CENTCOM White House facing unconnected Ebola and ISIS crises If left unattended , both could present risks to U.S. homeland
CNN  -- You do n't have to be a science major to know that heat rises : Just step into an attic on a hot summer day . But what you might not know is that this basic scientific reality could also help create clean energy for entire cities . For centuries , architects have taken advantage of rising heat to help cool some structures . Solar chimneys allow the rising air to go out of the building , taking the heat with it . Today , Australian entrepreneur Roger Davey wants to take advantage of that phenomenon -- with a twist . He wants to create , capture and control hot air to help power cities . He plans to build a huge solar updraft tower , 2,600 feet tall , in the Arizona desert . As the hot air moves into the tower , it would turn 32 turbines , spinning them fast enough to create mechanical energy , which generators convert to electricity . His company , EnviroMission , says such a tower can create up to 200 megawatts of power , enough to power 100,000 homes . He says they do n't intend to put coal or nuclear or alternative power out of business , but want to be a strong , no-carbon emission supplementary source . "  One of the most important things I think that differentiates this from anything else is its ability to produce power as and when required , " said Davey , chief executive and executive director of EnviroMission , the company behind the solar updraft tower . That sets it apart from solar  not available at night  and wind energy  not available on a calm day  , which he referred to as "  spasmodic . " He also touted its ability to produce power without the use of water to generate electricity . Coal-fired and nuclear plants use massive quantities of water , and solar panels need to be washed frequently to keep them working well . On the drawing board The EnviroMission tower is only a concept right now , but Davey says the technology has been proved by a different company 's smaller version that worked for seven years on the plains of Spain . It created 50 kilowatts of electricity , according to that company , the German builders Schlaich , Bergermann and Partner . But the 125-ton iron structure toppled in 1989 after its support cables broke in a lengthy storm , a spokeswoman for Schalich , Bergermann and Partner , said in an e-mail . The tower had already collected all the data to prove it could work , she added . A small tower began operation in China last year , according to the Xinhua news agency . The Chinese company 's project reportedly will cost $ 208 million and will be built in phases . The first section of the plant produces 200 kilowatts per day , Xinhua reported . EnviroMission is the only publicly traded developer working on this technology , a company spokeswoman said . Its model calls for a tower with no support wires and , unlike the other structures , it will be built from cement . The solar tower would be the second-tallest structure in the world , slightly shorter than Dubai 's Burj Khalifa skyscraper . EnviroMission says its tower will stand for 80 years , far longer than the average life for a field of solar panels , which some would see as an alternative with a smaller upfront cost . Davey says the Arizona project will cost $ 750 million to build at its present size and scope  with further refinements the price could rise or fall 10 % to 15 % , he says  . EnviroMission has already raised "  substantial capital " for its project , according to spokeswoman Kim Forte . The company also recently presold the power that would be created at one of the Arizona facilities to the Southern California Public Power Authority , which comprises 12 utilities . Mohammad Taslim , a professor of mechanical engineering at Northeastern University , says the two important concerns are : Will the plant produce as much energy as EnviroMission predicts and will it be economical and environmentally friendly ? "  Fundamentally from an engineering standpoint it is sound , " he said . "  I believe that the question is not that this will not work at all . It might be the claim of 200 megawatts is not quite reachable at the peak . " Taslim initially said he thought the engineers should consider composite materials like carbon fiber . But , after a few back-of-the-envelope calculations , he concluded , "  an 800-meter structure of composite materials can not withstand its own weight and a much more complicated structure is required . " According to EnviroMission , the amount of carbon pollution created by the manufacture and shipment of the cement and other materials needed to build the facility will be offset after 2 1/2 years of operation . Spinning turbines create electricity The technology works like this : Unlike normal solar photovoltaic panels that convert the sun 's light into energy , the EnviroMission tower would create solar-thermal power , from both the sun and the wind . Like a greenhouse , the sun heats up the air underneath a huge translucent , sloping canopy around the tower that is about as wide as a football field . The air is heated to about 194 degrees Fahrenheit  90 degrees Celsius  and then it flows into the tower , spins the turbines and rises . The higher the tower , the stronger the flow of air . The faster the turbines spin , the more electricity possible . After sundown , the ground continues to release heat and more electricity would be generated . The long road ahead Davey says the hurdles to getting his solar tower built are a combination of political factors , environmental policies and the cheap cost of fossil fuels . He wanted to build this project in his home country of Australia , but he says the United States has a more acceptable political climate . He also said that for the past 10 years EnviroMission has been doing its "  due diligence " in designing a better solar tower plant to assure its potential private investors . "  We had to improve the technology from what it was from when the plant in Spain was built to what it is now -- commercially viable , " he said . The plant should take about two years to build and provide up to 1,500 construction jobs , he says . Then once the site is operating , a 30-person staff will operate the plant , providing maintenance to the canopy and turbines , as well as security and possible tours . Because air is free , operating costs will be minimal , he said . The next step is determining the final capital costs , which will take a few months . "  And then you can work out whether the economics stack up , " he said . "  We 've got to go to the bankers and ensure you can get it banked . We believe it will . "	Hot air will drive turbines to create electricity , then flow out through a tall chimney The tower will be the second tallest structure in the world EnviroMission , an Australian company , wants to build it in the Arizona desert
CNN  -- The setup was bizarre . North Korean officials whisked a CNN team away in a van , purportedly to go meet with a high-ranking government official . Hours later , they arrived in the capital and were presented with three Americans held captive in the reclusive country . Like virtually everything in Pyongyang , the interviews were carefully managed by the regime . Each man had exactly five minutes to speak . Some of their statements seemed eerily similar . So what was the government 's motive in letting Kenneth Bae , Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Edward Fowle address the world ? "  First of all , their motivation always behind these interviews has been to gather U.S. attention and then try to pave a way for high-level dialogue with Washington , " said Ellen Kim of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . During their interviews Monday , all three men said they hope the U.S. government will send an envoy to help get them out of their situations -- similar to how former President Bill Clinton helped secure the release of two journalists in 2009 . "  I do believe that  a  special envoy need to come in order to resolve the situation I am in right now , " said Bae , who is serving 15 years at a labor camp after North Korea claimed he was part of a Christian plot to overthrow the regime . What might North Korea want in return ? "  Their negotiating ploy with the U.S. is to try to get us to agree to nuclear arms control , to sort of accept them as a nuclear weapons state -- which we ca n't do , " said Michael Green of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Another possibility : That North Korea wants sanctions against the regime lifted . Victor Cha , the North Korea adviser to former President George W. Bush , said the presentation of all three Americans at once could be telling . "  My guess is the fact that all three of them were put on tape for an American audience on Labor Day as a signal from the North Koreans that they 're looking for some sort of package deal to try to get them all out , " Cha said . "  Whether they 're trying to connect this to the long-style nuclear negotiations is anybody 's guess . " Washington responds The detainees ' surprise interviews with CNN 's Will Ripley on Monday prompted renewed calls out of Washington for the men 's release . "  Out of humanitarian concern for Jeffrey Fowle , Matthew Miller , and their families , we request the DPRK release them so they may return home , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , using the initials for North Korea 's official name -- the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . She said the United States is in "  regular , close coordination " with the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang , which acts as the "  protecting power for issues involving U.S. citizens in North Korea . " But it 's apparent the three men are now being used by North Korea as "  bargaining chips , " said Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who has traveled to the isolated country . "  They 're sending a signal , saying , ` We 're ready to bargain for the three hostages , ' " Richardson said . What the detainees said All three men said they have signed statements admitting their guilt . North Korean officials monitored and recorded all three interviews , and CNN was unable to assess independently the conditions under which the men were being held . Bae said he is working eight hours a day , six days a week at a labor camp , even though he said his health has "  been failing " over the past 1 1/2 months . The 46-year-old has diabetes , high blood pressure and kidney stones . Despite what he called "  hard labor , " Bae said he has been treated "  as humanely as possible . " U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae , but to no avail . Even former basketball star Dennis Rodman , who has visited North Korea and called its ruler Kim Jong Un a "  friend for life , " asked Kim to "  do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose . " Terri Chung , Bae 's sister , told CNN on Monday the video of his interview was "  really difficult to watch . " "  It is clear from the video that he is under a lot of stress . And he talks about his health failing and being in complete isolation for almost two years . And it is devastating for our family to see that on TV . " She also released a statement asking the North Korean authorities to have mercy . "  It is in your power to release my brother . You could do it today . Please do so , " Chung said . "  He has confessed to the crimes for which he has been charged , and he has served a longer detainment than any other American since the war . " Miller : ` My situation is very urgent ' Dressed in a black turtleneck and often avoiding eye contact , Miller said he has admitted his guilt -- even though he wo n't learn of his charges until he goes to trial . "  But I will say that I prepared to violate the law of the DPRK before coming here , " Miller told Ripley . The 24-year-old is accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry . He expressed frustration that "  there 's been no movement from my government . " Miller said he wanted to tell the United States that "  my situation is very urgent , that very soon I am going to trial , and I would directly be sent to prison . " "  I think this interview is my final chance to push the American government into helping me , " he said . Fowle describes ` desperate situation ' Fowle , an American tourist accused of leaving a Bible in a hotel where he was staying , said he has "  no complaints " about his treatment . "  It 's been very good so far , and I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here two more days or two more decades , " the 56-year-old said . North Korea announced Fowle 's detention in June , saying he had violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " "  The charges are violations of DPRK law , which stems from me trying to leave a Bible , " Fowle told Ripley . "  It 's a covert act and a violation of tourists rules . I 've admitted my guilt to the government and signed a statement to that effect and requested forgiveness from the people and the government of the DPRK . " Fowle said with his trial expected to begin within a month , he is getting desperate . "  You guys should convey my desperate situation , " he said . "  I 've got a wife and three elementary school-aged kids that depend on me for support . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	North Korea could try to use the detainees as leverage for nuclear talks The regime surprised CNN by presenting the three men for interviews All three said they have signed statements admitting guilt Analyst : North Korea may want to use the 3 detainees in a "  package deal "
CNN  -- The death toll in Syria is probably now approaching 70,000 , United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Tuesday . In early January , Pillay said that 60,000 people in Syria had died , a figure that she called "  truly shocking . " She blamed the international community for failing to act . At that time , CNN tried to put the number in perspective . Sixty thousand people is roughly the population of Terre Haute , Indiana ; or Cheyenne , Wyoming . It 's how many people would fit in Dodger Stadium , and it 's more than the 50,000-plus U.S. combat deaths in Vietnam . The war in Syria has been raging since March 2011 when protesters , partly inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in the region , began demonstrating for more freedom . That movement quickly morphed into a movement against President Bashar al-Assad , who was appointed president by Syria 's rubber-stamp parliament in 2000 after his father died . The largely amorphous group of anti-al-Assad rebels who have been trying to oust al-Assad , the Free Syrian Army , has had many casualties , but many innocent civilians have died . No area of the country seems safe . The opposition activist organization Local Coordination Committees of Syria  LCCS  said 136 people were killed in war-related violence across Syria on Tuesday , including 47 in Damascus and its suburbs , and 32 in Aleppo . CNN can not independently verify those figures . In mid-January , Aleppo University was the scene of horrific violence . One student described to CNN his dizzying attempt to help another after bombs exploded at the school , saying that he reached out his hand to help only to wind up grasping a fellow student 's severed hand . Every day looks the same in Syria . Al-Assad 's forces bombard neighborhoods . Body counts are recorded by anti-government rebels and activists . United Nations envoys -- two of them so far -- have tried to negotiate to end to the fighting . In late January , envoy Lakhdar Brahimi tried to persuade the U.N. Security Council to do something . "  Syria is being destroyed bit by bit and , in destroying Syria , the region is being pushed into a situation that is extremely bad and extremely important for the entire world , " he said after meeting with the body in private . Throughout the war , there have been several instances in which observers have surmised that the bloodshed might be near an end . They 've been wrong every time . Al-Assad has made those predictions seem even more foolish when he 's given speeches in which he says all his government is doing is fighting back "  terrorists . " There are Syrians who still very much support al-Assad , too . For example , in a recent CNN exclusive , CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Saidnaya , a predominantly Christian town outside Damascus that is standing firmly behind al-Assad . "  I do n't know why , but we love the president very much , " said Housam Azar , a Saidnaya resident and organizer of the town 's militia . "  Sure , there have been mistakes , but we love the president a lot . "	U.N. high commissioner for human rights said a month ago that death toll was 60,000 Syria 's civil war has raged since March 2011 , partly inspired by Arab Spring protests In January , U.N. envoy urged the United Nations Security Council to act
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Seven Estonian cyclists kidnapped in northern Lebanon in March were released Thursday , the Lebanese Army said . All seven were in good health and will be taken to Beirut , the army said . They were found in the Bekaa Valley , the same area where they were abducted March 23 . Lebanese Interior Minister Marwan Charbel told the LBC channel that 9 people implicated in the abduction of the Estonians have been arrested so far . They include Lebanese suspects and people of other nationalities , he said . Officials did not say whether a ransom was paid . "  The main thing now is for our seven fellow countrymen to get home to their families and loved ones as quickly as possible , " Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet said . The men were abducted by "  local criminals " in the Bekaa Valley as they bicycled into northeastern Lebanon from Syria , police told CNN earlier . They then were handed over to an unknown group . The following month , the men pleaded for help in gaining their release . In a video , which was sent as a YouTube link in an e-mail to the Estonian foreign ministry , one of the cyclists reads in English from a statement calling on Lebanese officials and the leaders of Saudi Arabia , Jordan and France to do anything in their power to get them back home . After that , each of the other men makes a short plea for help . The same month , a statement was posted on a Lebanese news portal by a previously unknown group calling itself the Renaissance and Reform Movement , saying it had carried out the kidnappings . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report	NEW : Nine people are arrested , Lebanon 's interior minister says Estonian FM : The main thing is to get them home now It is not clear if a ransom was paid The cyclists are in good health , the army says
CNN  -- Manchester City crushed Aston Villa 4-0 with Mario Balotelli scoring a hat-trick to go temporarily top of the English Premier League ahead of city rivals Manchester United 's 1-1 draw at Birmingham later Tuesday . Although City were only at the head of affairs for a few hours , the manner of their victory suggested they will be a factor in the title race , but for Gerard Houllier 's Villa it was another dispiriting defeat . Tottenham Hotspur , who won 2-1 at Villa on Boxing Day , beat Newcastle 2-0 in another afternoon kick-off to leapfrog Chelsea into fourth place . Goals from Aaron Lennon and Gareth Bale in the second half maintained Tottenham 's impressive recent run and spelt a second straight defeat for Newcastle under new manager Alan Pardew . Man Utd regain top spot despite draw Bale scored the clinching second after a trademark surging run after Younes Kaboul had been sent off for the home side after tangling with Cheick Tiote . At Eastlands , Balotelli proved a real handful for Villa , winning an early penalty after being hauled down by Eric Lichaj . The Italian got up to convert the penalty and City were 2-0 ahead inside the first 15 minutes as Joleon Lescott headed home Adam Johnson 's corner . Balotelli scored his second from close range before the break and completed his hat-trick in the second half with his second successful penalty after Johnson was fouled by Marc Alrighton . Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini took a realistic view of their hgih placing . "  I know that we are top but I think it will only be for three hours . It is important to be there at the end of the season , " the Italian told BBC Sport . Elsewhere , promoted Blackpool continued their remarkable season under Ian Holloway with a 2-0 win at Sunderland to go eighth , having been the favorites to go straight back down at the start of the campaign . Two second half goals from DJ Campbell gave Blackpool three points in their first match since December 11 after their own Bloomfield Road ground was unfit to play due to a frozen pitch . Chris Baird scored two early goals as Fulham relieved some of the pressure on manager Mark Hughes with a 2-0 win at Stoke , while Blackburn 's fans will be happier after Nikoli Kalinic scored twice in a 3-1 victory at West Brom . Kalinic blotted his copybook by being sent off for a wild challenge in the second half , but it was the first win for new manager Steve Kean , who took over from the sacked Sam Allardyce . In Tuesday 's evening kickoff , West Ham missed the chance to move out of the bottom three when they were held 1-1 at home by Everton . The Hammers took the lead when Tony Hibbert diverted Radoslav Kovac 's overhead kick into his own net . Everton leveled just before halftime through Seamus Coleman , before Carlton Cole missed a great opportunity to seal victory for the home side after the break .	Manchester City beat Aston Villa 4-0 to go temporarily top of English Premier League Italian striker Mario Balotelli scores a hat trick at Eastlands Tottenham Hotspur score 2-0 home win over Newcastle to go fourth Blackpool continue superb season with 2-0 win at Sunderland
CNN  -- After decades of economic stagnation bling is back in Japan . Many Japanese are loosening their purse strings and do n't hesitate to splurge $ 10,000 or more on precious things like a gold and diamond ring . Just 14 months ago , there was hardly anyone like Jesper Koll , the Japan director of research at JP Morgan and self-declared "  Japan 's last optimist . " "  If you 're bullish on Japan , it 's kind of like somebody coming up to you and whispering in your ear , ` You know , Elvis Presley is still alive , ' " he says . What has turned Japan around ? The answer lies in the country 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his bold measures to jump-start the economy , known as "  Abenomics . " Abe , who assumed office in December 2012 , has vowed to revive the country 's sluggish economy with "  three arrows . " The first arrow is printing money and easing monetary policy to jolt consumer spending and weaken the yen , thus boosting exports . The Bank of Japan , the country 's central bank , said in April that it would boost the money supply , by 60 trillion yen to 70 trillion yen  $ 589 billion to $ 688 billion  , in a bid to reach 2 % inflation in two years . The second arrow is spending money by revving up fiscal stimulus . Abe announced ambitious spending packages this year : one that is worth 10.3 trillion yen  $ 101 billion  in January and another 5.5 trillion yen  $ 54 billion  that was unveiled on December 5 . See more : Better Japanese economy = shorter skirts Abe 's two arrows have proved an effective weapon . In October , inflation rate was recorded at 1.1 % , while core consumer price index  CPI  rose 0.9 % from a year earlier , a five-year high . The world 's third largest economy expanded in the first half of 2013 -- 4.3 % annual growth rate in the January-March quarter and 3.8 % in the April-June period . Although Japan 's growth rate halved in the third quarter , it was still higher than expected . But Abe 's toughest battle yet is to deliver the third arrow : structural reform . "  We 're not talking about small technological innovations , we 're talking about a big economic reform , " says Hiromichi Shirakawa , chief Japan economist at Credit Suisse . See more : Japan 's Abe makes economy top priority Foreign investors have called for Japan to open up its many protected sectors ; to loosen labor rules , to make it easier for companies to hire and fire workers ; relaxing immigration rules -- but these have left many Japanese cautious . And there is also concern about how Abenomics would affect wages . "  We only hear lots of slogans , but in reality , our salary and bonus has n't gone up , " says Tomohiko Kuramochi , an employee at the Japan Transport Institution . But some are optimistic . As one Japanese consumer puts it : Abenomics has been like water on scorched earth and it may take some time to sink in . Yenni Kwok contributed to this report	Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's measures to jump-start Japan 's economy are popularly known as ` Abenomics ' Abe vows to target the sluggish economy with ` three arrows ' The first arrow is easing monetary policy , the second is boosting fiscal stimulus The third arrow , structural reform , is seen to be the most difficult
