PEOPLE.com  -- Rock that body , Kirstie ! When Kirstie Alley cleared the 100 lb . weight-loss hurdle this summer , it was time for a big , fat celebration . "  When I hit that mark , I went , ` That 's it ! ' " Alley tells PEOPLE during her stay in a villa outside Florence , Italy . "  I have more energy than I 've ever had in my whole life . " While Alley 's weight has famously fluctuated in recent years , the actress , now 60 , hit a wall two years ago . PHOTOS : Hollywood 's On-the-Go Fitness Tricks ! "  My body had gotten really weak , " says Alley , whose weight at that time hovered around 230 lbs . "  There was nothing positive about being fat . " By dancing daily after her dazzling appearance on "  Dancing with the Stars , " where she finished second , changing to an organic diet and following Organic Liaison , her own weight-loss program , she 's turned her life around . "  I feel back to normal , " says Alley , now a proud size 6 . "  I have my game again . " And she 's ready for her next challenge : "  What I 'm looking for is to be madly , deeply in love , " says Alley , who will also star in the upcoming ABC pilot , "  The Manzanis . " "  For the first time in my life , I know exactly what I want in a man , " she says . "  I want someone who has my back , who is courageous and brave . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I have more energy than I 've ever had in my whole life , " Alley said By dancing daily and changing to an organic diet , she 's turned her life around Alley will also star in the upcoming ABC pilot , "  The Manzanis "
Although I know my downward dog from my one-legged king pigeon pose , I 'm relatively new to yoga . Yet even almost breaking my nose while attempting a handstand was n't enough to take away the enjoyment of attending a 10-day yoga retreat in the Himalayan foothills . The Basunti retreat in Himachal Pradesh , north India , is set in a wildlife reserve in the Kangra Valley and offers immersion into one of the most spiritual regions of India . It 's home to a leopard , mongoose , snakes , scorpions , butterflies , birds and sole fish , to name a few resident creatures . David Butterworth , co-owner of the retreat with his wife Izzy , is the resident storyteller . In one of his many animal-themed Basunti anecdotes , Butterworth explains how he once saw a sole fish jump out of a pond and snatch a spotted dove in flight . Though yoga retreats are on offer year-round , one of the best times to go to Basunti is October , when Bridget Woods Kramer is visiting .  This year , she 'll be at Basunti October 3-12 . Kramer is one of the world 's most acclaimed instructors of Anusara yoga -- a practice that focuses on the heart and individual ability of each student . Finding inner strength in the Kangra Valley The Basunti day starts at 7 a.m. with a two-hour yoga session in the thatched shala facing the peaceful waters of the Kangra Valley . At the entrance stands a striking brass statue of the Hindu god Shiva , a symbol of strength . Practice begins gradually , with a talk by Kramer about Hindu gods and goddesses that resonate with yogic teachings and the benefits of yoga . A herd of cows quietly makes its way past , giving us curious glances as we twist and turn and try to maintain our balance . Kramer says the need to stand tall and strong in yoga translates into everyday life : "  It 's a reminder to stand tall in the face of fear . " She caters to all levels , encouraging partner work or individual practice . Students on my retreat range from complete beginners to new or accomplished yoga teachers . Although I come crashing down on the marble floor while attempting a handstand , by the next attempt , and with a lot of encouragement from Kramer , I feel I could maintain the position for ages . Well , at least two seconds and with the support of three people . What I come to realize is that these seemingly acrobatic poses require self belief and confidence ; the harder the pose , the more I have to silence my fears and gather resilience from within -- which makes me feel stronger on the whole . "  I could tell you could do it , " Kramer says , reassuringly . "  I knew you were just feeling scared . " Before the day 's second two-hour yoga session in the evening , we climb to the top of Basunti 's main building roof , accompanied by religious chanting and traditional drumming from the local temple during evening prayers . The roof is encircled by plants and trees , all enclosed by Himalayan peaks , which gradually fade as the sun sets and night falls . Evening practice focuses on breathing techniques -- something that sounds simple enough but that we take for granted in everyday life . Using exercises to ease and open up areas of the chest and back change the way we feel , our posture and allows energy to flow freely through our bodies . Homegrown produce and ancient treasures After a physically challenging but awakening session , a bell signals dinnertime , accompanied by the chanting of crickets , while guests mingle on the verandah . Basunti provides freshly prepared meals using local produce and has its own well . Visitors can try Basunti 's homegrown lemons , aloe vera plants and traditional Indian neem plant , known for its effective healing properties . Orange , mango and papaya trees are also on the grounds . After a few days of lounging at Basunti , it 's easy to forget you 're in vibrant India . A boat ride in the nearby Maharana Pratap Sagar lake , a trip to the Dalai Lama 's residence of McLeod Ganj , where he often gives talks , or a visit to the rock temples of Masroor , a few hours drive away , are reminders of the diversity outside the retreat 's walls . Basunti will also arrange visits to a local shawl shop , which has beautiful original designs that make the perfect gifts . The Kangra Valley itself is steeped in history . "  The earliest settlers would have been Harappans from the Indus Valley civilization , evidence of this I have found when the water level recedes and the banks are exposed , " says Butterworth . Treasures he 's uncovered include Grey Ware pottery from around 1100-800 BC , as well as coins from the Mauryan dynasty through to the Mughal Empire and East India Company . Butterworth 's family originates from the British Midlands , but he 's the seventh generation born in India . "  I 'm a good Punjabi boy ! " he laughs . Butterworth built the retreat himself using local laborers and resources . Sitting on what was originally a corn and winter wheat field , the construction of Basunti began in 2006 . Today , it embraces the surroundings with wide , open spaces in between the buildings which contain beautifully designed , well appointed rooms . Getting there The Basunti retreat is about a three and a half hour drive from Amritsar -- a private car collects visitors from the airport . Guests can also stay in Amritsar and ask to be picked up from their hotel . Yoga retreats are held throughout the year , hosted by teachers from around the world who specialize in a variety of styles . Basunti also hosts regular painting , fishing and photography retreats . The Basunti website has the full 2014 schedule .	India 's Basunti retreat is located in the Kangra Valley , one of the most spiritual regions of India Acclaimed Anusara yoga teacher conducts annual 10-day yoga sessions at Basunti Wildlife includes a leopard , mongoose , snakes , scorpions , butterflies , birds and fish
The Obama administration and its allies believe the Syrian government may have used chlorine gas in a deadly attack this month on its own people , several U.S. officials and other diplomats told CNN . The alleged assault that killed at least two and affected dozens of others occurred in the village of Kafr Zeita , a rebel-held area . While there is no firm proof as the matter is being looked into , several U.S. officials and Western diplomats say the United States believes the regime of Bashar al-Assad is responsible because it has such chemicals and the means to deliver them . "  Our assessment is it is , at a minimum , concentrated chlorine dropped from helicopters , " a U.S. official said . "  That could only be the regime . " The official did not speak for full attribution . If true , such an attack would spotlight a deal brokered by Russia last fall and approved by the U.N. Security Council that requires Syria to surrender its chemical weapons to the international community . The agreement quieted threats of military action by the United States over allegations Syria launched a chemical attack last August outside Damascus that killed more than 1,400 people . Al-Assad and other officials vehemently denied their forces were responsible . The Syrian opposition , which does not have helicopters to carry and deliver such weapons , and the regime have been trading accusations about the April 11 incident for more than a week . Controversy followed video clips posted on anti-government websites showing a number of civilians , including children , appearing to have difficulty breathing and using oxygen masks . The chemical symbol for chlorine  Cl2  is visible on the side of a canister that opposition activists say was used in the attack . "  There are indications that these substances maybe have been used by the regime , but it has to be verified , " one Western diplomat said . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki conveyed Western suspicions on Monday . She said the United States "  had indications of the use of a toxic industrial chemical , probably chlorine , in Syria this month , in the opposition-dominated village of Kfar Zeita . " "  We 're examining allegations that the government was responsible , " Psaki said . Chlorine is not listed as a chemical Syria is expected to give up under the Security Council resolution . But its use as a weapon of war is prohibited under the 1925 Chemical Weapons Convention , of which Syria is a signatory . "  You do n't have to use sarin and mustard to terrorize a population , " another official said of deadly chemical gases . "  And you do n't have to kill a lot of people to terrorize the population . " U.S. officials and Western and Israeli diplomats point to several incidents over the last month suggesting the use of toxic gases , seen as particularly effective in sowing panic and fear in rebel-held areas . Officials say there now is a debate within the administration about how to respond . The matter is likely to be referred for investigation to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , the global body charged with eliminating Syria 's stockpiles . The latest revelation poses a new dilemma for the administration on Syria , where civil war continues to rage . While chlorine is not as poisonous as chemicals like mustard gas or sarin , it would violate of Syria 's international obligations . While some of the administration feel a strong response is needed , officials said others are concerned a robust response would complicate ongoing cooperation with Syria on its more dangerous stockpiles . "  There is not a consensus , " another U.S. official said . "  Some would like to be stronger and some are more cautious . It ca n't go answered but if we equate it to a chemical attack then the question becomes what are we going to do about it ? And I do n't think we have figured that out yet . " Sen. John McCain , who has been sharply critical of the administration 's Syria policy , said in a statement the latest allegations are troubling . "  It is essential that the Obama administration work with the international community to fully and immediately investigate these reports . If substantiated , it is clear that such attacks violate the spirit of the U.S. agreement with Russia for the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons and the Assad regime must finally be held accountable for it actions , " the Arizona Republican said .	New allegations surface that Syria used toxic chemical against rebel-held area If true , the issue spotlights deal Syria made to get rid of its stockpiles Obama administration officials are debating how to respond Chlorine gas is prohibited as a weapon of war
CNN  -- A Turkish passenger jet crashed as it tried to land at Amsterdam 's main airport Wednesday , killing at least nine people and injuring more than 55 , Dutch airport authorities have said . Rescuers attend the fuselage of the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 following Wednesday 's crash . The Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 , which had 127 passengers and seven crew members according to the airline , broke into three pieces on impact in a field near Schiphol Airport . The injured included both crew and passengers , said acting mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality Michel Bezuijen . The flight data and voice recorders have been recovered , he said , but investigators still need to determine what , if anything , the pilots said in the moments before the crash . A news photographer at the scene said she saw an unknown number of bodies lying under a white blanket , Maaike Voersma , a journalist with Dutch newspaper De Pers , told CNN . A passenger on the plane who spoke to Turkish network DHA said he saw injured people trapped and squeezed between the seats when he walked off the plane . iReport : Send your videos , stories Flight 1951 , which originated from Istanbul , Turkey , was trying to land at Schiphol when it went down at about 10:40 a.m. local time  4:40 a.m. ET  , Dutch airport officials said . At least three crew were among the dead . "  There are still three crew members in the cabin , " said Bob Steensma of the Dutch Justice Department . "  I 'm sorry to say they are dead . We leave them there because we have to investigate the cockpit before we take the cockpit apart . " All the passengers , however , had been removed from the plane as of about 5 p.m. , officials said . Roads around the crash site had been blocked to traffic . Six people were critically injured , Ineke Van Der Zande of Amsterdam Emergency Services told reporters at a briefing . Twenty-five passengers were severely injured , she said , and 24 others were lightly injured . The conditions of the other 31 people were not immediately known , she said . Some 60 ambulances transported 84 people to 11 hospitals throughout the region , she said . Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , according to RTL journalist Greg Crouch . The plane was broken in three pieces . One tear was in front of the wing , splitting the "  Turkish " logo in two , and a larger tear was farther back along the fuselage . See where the plane crashed " Most of the injured were seated toward the back of the plane , which sustained the most damage , a passenger on the plane told Turkish station NTV . Many of the passengers simply walked off the plane through the cracks in the fuselage , witnesses told NTV . Medics treated passengers on the ground next to the buckled hulk of the plane , while firefighters and police examined the aircraft . See rescuers attend the crash scene " Emergency exits were wide open and there was no signs of fire damage to the fuselage . Also visible was one of the aircraft 's engines , apparently separated from the shattered remains of one of the wings . The plane landed in a farmer 's field near the airport , RTL journalist Greg Crouch told CNN . He said the weather at the time was partly sunny with no wind or rain . Watch iReport on crash wreckage " Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , Crouch said . A bank manager who was a passenger on the plane told NTV that there were no emergency announcements . The crew 's last word to the cabin was an announcement to fasten seatbelts and prepare for landing , the bank manager said . He said he felt the pilot giving more power to the engines before feeling "  turbulence , " then a sudden drop . He described the crash as similar to a sudden impact that was over in a matter of seconds . Watch report on survivors describing "  turbulence " " The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it is sending a team of investigators to Amsterdam to assist in the crash investigation . Kieran Daly , of Air Transport Intelligence said the impact had been severe but it could have been survivable because of the lack of fire . He added that there had been vast improvements in the materials used to build airplanes , meaning they did not burn as easily . Watch aviation expert comment on Amsterdam crash " Daly also said that the Boeing 737-800 is a reliable aircraft that has been successful and safe in service . "  They really are pretty much state-of-the-art airliners with every imaginable technical benefit the industry has come up with over the years , " Daly told CNN . "  You would be optimistic that they would be quite survivable in an accident . " Daly said the Turkish aviation industry has a "  pretty good record " of safety , and that Turkish Airlines , the national carrier , has a "  very good record . " Turkish Airlines said it has 52 Boeing 737-800s in its fleet . They can carry up to 165 passengers each , the airline said . The airline 's last accident was of a small commuter jet in 2003 , he said . It was a fatal crash that happened at a remote airfield in eastern Turkey , he said . "  Their mainline operation is safe , " Daly said . "  Their pilots are well thought of . " The last accident at Schiphol Airport happened in December 2003 when an EasyJet flight carrying 103 passengers to London collided while with a lamppost while taxiing during icy conditions , according to Aviation Safety Network 's Web site . The crash caused significant damage to the aircraft , but no one was killed . The last fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff as it tried to return to Schiphol . Three of the 24 passengers and crew members on board were killed . Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey and Barry Neild contributed to this report	Flight data recorders receovered from wreckage of Turkish Airlines crash Plane broke in three , reports say survivors escaped through cracks in fuselage Dutch airport authorities report at least nine dead , 50 injured Media : Survivor says there were no emergency warnings from the crew
CNN Student News  -- March 14 , 2014 As a region of Ukraine prepares to vote on its political future , we 're bringing you two very different perspectives on the referendum from two world capitals . We also report on why the search area for a missing passenger jet may be expanded , and we examine how Millennials are impacting housing in the U.S. It 's all featured this Friday on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were reporting on the housing market in your area , whom would you want to interview , and why ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the only one of the Great Lakes located entirely within the U.S. ? 2 . What instrument on a plane transmits its altitude , location and direction ? 3 . What war was the subject of the first official war photos ever taken ? 4 . What is the world 's largest international police organization , with 190 member countries ? 5 . Edward Snowden leaked secret information about what U.S. federal agency 's activities ? 6 . What U.S. city was the site of an explosion that destroyed two buildings and killed several people on Wednesday morning ? 7 . What is the name of the generation of people born in the 1980s and 1990s ? 8 . What invention by Tim Berners-Lee recently turned 25 years old ? 9 . What term describes the 24-hour cycle of human activity that includes sleeping and waking ? 10 . What is the name of the region in southern Ukraine that is holding a referendum on rejoining Russia ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Celebrity chef Paula Deen 's contract with the Food Network will not be renewed , the network said Friday , the latest fallout over revelations that she admitted to using a racial epithet in the past . Deen 's contract with the network , which airs three shows featuring the chef , expires at the end of the month , it said . The Food Network 's announcement followed reports that Deen acknowledged in a lawsuit deposition using the "  N word . " Earlier in the week , the network said it would monitor the situation , but that it "  does not tolerate any form of discrimination . " In a statement , Deen thanked the network for 11 "  great years . " " ... I have had the pleasure of being allowed into so many homes across the country and meeting people who have shared with me the most touching and personal stories , " she said . " ... This would not have been possible without the Food Network . Thank you again . Love and best dishes to all of ya 'll . " Home shopping network QVC is likewise re-examining its business relationship with Deen , Paul Capelli , vice president of communications , told CNN . He stressed the company does not "  tolerate discriminatory behavior . " The shopping network features the cookware line "  Paula Deen 's Kitchen , " among other sponsored items . A Walmart spokesman declined to comment on that company 's ties with Deen . Last week 's events are stunning twists for the chef whose Southern , folksy flair with food made her a household name , spawning a line of kitchenware , cookware and food . The Food Network 's announcement came on a head-spinning day of developments that began when Deen backed out of an interview with "  Today " on NBC . She later apologized and begged for forgiveness in a video on YouTube that she pulled and replaced with a self-produced video where she again apologized . "  I want to apologize to everybody for the wrong that I 've done , " Deen said in the first video statement . "  I want to learn and grow from this . Inappropriate and hurtful language is totally , totally unacceptable . I 've made plenty of mistakes along the way but I beg you , my children , my team , my fans , my partners , I beg for your forgiveness . " A short time later , Deen replaced the professionally edited video with one she made herself . In that video , she apologized for backing out of the interview , saying she was "  physically not able " to do it at the time . "  I 'm taking this opportunity now that I 've pulled myself together and am able to speak to offer an apology to those that I have hurt , " she said . " ... My family and I are not the kind of people the press are wanting to say we are , " she said . " ... Your color , your religion , your sexual preference does not matter to me . But it 's what 's in the heart , and my family and I try to live by that . " Share your views on Deen ; Did Food Network make the right decision ? Deen 's friend , Juda Engelmayer , said after Deen recorded the first statement , she said it was not what she wanted to say . "  She picked up her own handi-cam and recorded it herself without a production team present , " said Engelmayer , who was with Deen at the time . Engelmayer is senior vice president of 5W Public Relations but does n't officially represent Deen . Deen and her brother are being sued for alleged sexual and racial harassment by a former manager of Deen 's restaurants in Savannah , Georgia . Lisa T. Jackson 's lawsuit alleges that Deen and Bubba Hier committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year tenure at Deen 's Lady & Sons and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House eateries in Savannah . Deen : From the frying pan to the firestorm Deen 's lawyer has called the allegations false . "  Contrary to media reports , Ms. Deen does not condone or find the use of racial epithets acceptable , " her lawyer , Bill Franklin said . "  She is looking forward to her day in court . " Deen confirms that she has type 2 diabetes , unveils partnership with drug company The language in question was revealed recently as part of a deposition of Deen by Jackson 's lawyers in May . Jackson lawyer : "  Miss Deen , have you told racial jokes ? " Deen : "  No , not racial . " Jackson lawyer : "  Have you ever used the 'N word ' yourself ? " Deen : "  Yes , of course . " Deen testified that she probably used the racial slur when talking to her husband about "  when a black man burst into the bank that I was working at and put a gun to my head . " "  I did n't feel real favorable towards him , " she said , referring to the robber . Jackson lawyer : "  Have you used it since then ? " Deen : "  I 'm sure I have , but it 's been a very long time . " Deen said she could n't remember other contexts in which she used the slur , but "  maybe in repeating something that was said to me . " "  But that 's just not a word that we use as time has gone on , " she said . "  Things have changed since the '60s in the South . And my children and my brother object to that word being used in any cruel or mean behavior . " Deen 's company issued a statement Thursday saying the chef used the epithet , but in a "  quite different time " in American history . "  She was born 60 years ago when America 's South had schools that were segregated , different bathrooms , different restaurants and Americans rode in different parts of the bus . This is not today . "	Home shopping network QVC is re-examining its ties Paula Deen thanks Food Network for 11 "  great years " Deen apologizes in two video statements posted to YouTube In a lawsuit deposition , she admitted to using the "  N word "
CNN  -- Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin , who captured the drama of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 with an "  SOS " call to the nation , was indicted Friday on 21 federal corruption charges , including bribery , money laundering , fraud and filing false tax returns . Nagin allegedly defrauded the city through "  a bribery and kickback scheme " in which he received checks , cash , wire transfers , personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city , the 25-page federal indictment says . As part of the alleged bribes , Nagin 's family members received a vacation in Hawaii ; first-class airfare to Jamaica ; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City totaling $ 23,500 ; and cellular phone service , the indictment said . Nagin 's family-owned granite-business Stone Age LLC allegedly benefited in the corruption , too , the indictment said . Nagin could not immediately be reached for comment . According to the indictment , the bribing businessmen allegedly received city contracts of $ 1 million for consulting , more than $ 3 million to build a project at Louis Armstrong International Airport , and $ 1 million for another airport project , the indictment said . Other contracts were for sidewalk repairs in the French Quarter and professional services , authorities allege . Among the conspiracy charges is an accusation that Nagin awarded "  no bid " work to a city contractor who provided "  concealed and direct campaign monies " to Nagin , the indictment says . Read the indictment Nagin allegedly received bribes from city contractors in the amounts of $ 60,000 , $ 2,250 , $ 50,000 and $ 10,000 , the indictment says . He also is accused of receiving a bribe in the form of granite inventory from a city construction contractor . Nagin faces nine counts of honest services wire fraud , alleging he received nine wire transfers amounting to $ 12,500 each that were bribes or kickback payoffs from the same city construction contractor in 2010 and 2011 , the indictment says . Those bribed totaled $ 112,500 . In his 2005 tax return -- the same year that Katrina hit the Gulf Coast -- Nagin allegedly filed a false tax return claiming his income was $ 156,278 , the indictment says . He is also accused of filing false returns for 2006 listing his income at $ 170,364 , for 2007 with an income of $ 31,163 , and for 2008 with a $ 143,852 income , the indictment said . The indictment does not detail what the government claims the returns should state . In 2005 , as Katrina became the single most catastrophic natural disaster in U.S. history , Nagin took center stage on behalf of victims when he excoriated the slow pace of federal and state relief efforts , even using profanities . Nagin , who is black , urged the reconstruction of a "  chocolate New Orleans , " adding , "  You ca n't have New Orleans no other way . " He later apologized , saying everyone is welcome to the city . In issuing a national "  SOS " during Katrina , Nagin expressed the desperation of a battered Gulf Coast : "  I need reinforcements , I need troops , man . I need 500 buses , man . We ai n't talking about -- you know , one of the briefings we had , they were talking about getting public school bus drivers to come down here and bus people out here , " he told radio station WWL-AM . "  I 'm like , ` You got to be kidding me . This is a national disaster . Get every doggone Greyhound bus line in the country and get their asses moving to New Orleans . ' In 2010 : Nagin -- One day New Orleanians will recognize my good work "  That 's -- they 're thinking small , man . And this is a major , major , major deal . And I ca n't emphasize it enough , man . This is crazy , " Nagin said then . The hurricane slammed the Gulf Coast in 2005 and killed 1,833 people , directly or indirectly , in five states . Damages totaled $ 108 billion , according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Current New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu , who won election in 2010 when term limits kept Nagin out of the race , said the charges mark "  a sad day for the city of New Orleans . " In the 2006 mayoral race , Nagin beat then Lt. Gov. Landrieu , scion of a prominent Louisiana political family . "  Today 's indictment of former Mayor Ray Nagin alleges serious violations of the public 's trust , " Landrieu said in a prepared statement . "  Public corruption can not and will not be tolerated . " 2010 : Nagin remarks on future public office -- ' I have given my pound of flesh ' CNN 's Zach Cumer and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Ray Nagin 's family allegedly received Hawaii vacation , first-class Jamaica trip Nagin allegedly took bribes of $ 60,000 , $ 2,250 , $ 50,000 , $ 10,000 and $ 112,500 Indictment says he filed false tax returns from 2005 to 2008 Nagin was the voice of a devastated New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina in 2005
Kabul  CNN  -- On the outskirts of Kabul , behind a high wall is a building that used to serve as a school classroom . On the outside , painted on the dusty gray walls , are murals of brightly colored animals . Inside on the worn-out carpet sits a family , huddled together . Masoma smiles shyly as we enter the room . The 25-year-old mother of two invites me to sit on a deep red cushion , used at night for their bedding . Her children -- five-year-old Ali and eight-year-old Mohammad -- sit close to their grandmother , Zahra , who looks much older than her 54 years . Masoma 's sister , 20-year-old Fatima , and older brother Husain , 27 , lean against the wall looking on as we set up for the interview . They may look like any normal Afghan family , but they 're hiding a shameful secret : They 're all addicted to opium , the main ingredient of heroin . It is a drug so prevalent that one million Afghans are addicted to it -- that 's 8 % of the population , according to the United Nations . "  It 's very bad , " explains Masoma . "  At first when I started to use the drug , it was like a medicine for pain relief after my husband died . But when I became completely addicted and needed it every day , I knew I had to search for a way to stop all this . " Masoma 's mother , sister and older brother also used the drug to dull their pain when Masoma 's younger brother died soon after her husband . They too became addicted . "  It made us feel calm and gave us comfort , " says Masoma . "  When I felt bad about my husband and younger brother , using opium decreased my sorrow . " After inhaling the additive smoke that often swirled around the house , Masoma 's two young children soon became addicted , without her even realizing . Read more : Afghan infants fed pure opium "  I feel shame , " she tells me as her mother weeps in the background . "  I always say to myself , why did I do this ? Why did n't I think about my children , my future ? People want nothing to do with us . " That was until Laila Haidari found them . The local Afghan woman set up Mother Camp in the abandoned school about a year ago . It 's a place for drug addicts to live , escape their destructive environment and hopefully get clean . She and her small team of volunteers offer counseling to help the addicts become "  mentally strong . " There is no government assistance to fund the program . Instead the profits from a restaurant she owns keep Mother Camp running . "  I was sick of seeing all these drug addicts . They used to congregate under the Pol-e-Sukhta bridge , near Kabul University , " she recalls . "  The people where in such bad condition -- hundreds maybe more were there every single day . The police moved them on so now they 're spread out all over the city . But nobody is there to think about their life and take care of them , so that 's when I came up with idea to start Mother Camp . " Read more : U.N. : Afghanistan ` world 's biggest producer of hashish ' She admits that not everyone is cured by the time they leave the program . In fact many return to their former lives , but she says she has to try and help these people who 've lost all hope . "  Nobody is helping people in my country , " she says . "  Everything is so wrong here . The government is corrupt , which means society is also corrupt . " In another suburb , close to the slums of Kabul , is a methadone clinic operated by Medecins du Monde  Doctors of the World  . It 's the only clinic in Afghanistan that is allowed to dispense methadone -- a substitute for heroin . Some 71 addicts registered on the program arrive each day to receive the methadone -- a liquid poured into a small paper cup and drunk once a day . Program director Ernst Wisse says this is the best and most effective way to get drug addicts off heroin . It also eliminates the use of needles and dramatically reduces the risk of HIV spreading . "  What we fear is that this epidemic , we have a concentrated epidemic of HIV among the entire population ... if this grows , and it will grow if you do n't put any effective intervention into place , then automatically it will get out of hand and then there 's nothing you can do , " he says . Two years ago , the Afghan government allowed Medecins du Monde to expand the methadone program to 200 clients . Several months later they shut it down , Wisse says , claiming they had n't decided if this was the best form of treatment . "  This decision means there are only 71 clients under methadone in the whole of Afghanistan , " explains Wisse . "  The drug addiction problem in Afghanistan is enormous and growing and unless they extend the program , the situation is only going to get worse . " Watch video : Drug addiction rampant on Kabul 's streets In a small room at the back of a clinic is a bed for addicts who walk in off the street . The program has been able to take a new patient because one of the registered addicts came off methadone . Wisse introduces me to 38-year-old Asadullah who has just arrived . He gets off the bed and shakes my hand -- a huge smile reveals his missing teeth . What teeth he does have are black and decaying . Asadullah decided to come to the clinic after meeting the outreach team of Medecins du Monde . Several times a week , the health workers visit areas around Kabul where drug addicts live and hand out clean needles , sterile swabs and offer counseling . "  I know these people , they used to give me clean needles . They kept telling to come to the clinic and finally I did , " he proudly explains . "  I feel better now , because the methadone is a replacement of the drug -- it gives us a better feeling . I want to use methadone until I forget about drugs completely and to find a good way to start a normal life again . " Asadullah has been using heroin for the past 14 years , supporting a habit of three grams a day , which costs about US$ 24 . But the father of four says his family has had enough , and has told him he has to get off drugs or they wo n't support him any longer . "  Drugs are ruining my life . It 's a bad thing in our society , " he says . "  I also have got bad effects from drugs and my family has also been affected -- that 's why I need to stop this . " One man who now works at the clinic knows exactly what Asadullah is going through . Raheem , 48 , was one of the first patients to arrive at the clinic two and a half years ago . "  I 'd been using drugs for 17 years . I started when I was in a prison in Iran , " he says . "  During that time I faced a lot of problems and difficulties . I did n't have any information or contact with my family and that 's when I started to use heroin . "  When I got out of prison someone told me methadone was coming to Afghanistan and I wanted to get on the program . Now I do n't even use methadone . " Raheem 's journey is inspiring but sadly it 's the rare exception in Afghanistan , not the rule .	Family of seven addicted to opium seeking treatment in Kabul Two children , aged just five and seven , breathed in family 's smoke Masoma , 25 , took up the drug after losing her husband Mother , brother and sister also used drug to dull the pain of death
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin . Michael Brown . Eric Garner . The list of names of black men killed by white men who have subsequently gone unpunished -- and in the case of Brown and Garner , untried -- continues to grow . In each of these cases , an ugly theme has been raised in defense of the perpetrators : The victims should have known better . Why did Garner resist arrest ? Why was Martin wearing a hoodie ? Why did Brown not meekly get out of the street when ordered to by a police officer ? The reasoning goes that their deaths were triggered by their deeds ; they need to be held posthumously accountable for their conduct . When it comes to the actions of their white killers , however , the accountability hawks fall suddenly silent . In their eyes , accountability is apparently only for the dark-skinned  for being "  uppity " or vulgar  , the poor  for failing to bootstrap themselves into success  , the recently immigrated  for failing to "  mainstream " into American society  -- and , as we 've also seen , for women for failing to avoid sexual predators and LGBTs for being too blatant about their sexuality . A flagrant new example of this "  accountability for thee , but not for me " sensibility emerged last week , when New England Cable News reported that actor Mark Wahlberg -- one of Hollywood 's most bankable leading men , who scored a staggering $ 16 million paycheck for his turn as a heroic father and inventor in the most recent "  Transformers " movie -- has petitioned Massachusetts for pardon of his brutal assaults on a pair of Vietnamese men , Tranh Lam and Hoa Trinh , while a teenager in Dorchester , Massachusetts . The attacks were peppered with racial slurs ; he called Lam a "  Vietnam f*cking sh*t " before smashing him in the head with a large club and knocking him unconscious , and he punched Trinh so hard that he left him blinded in one eye . He repeatedly referred to both men as "  slant-eyed gooks " while he was being arrested . Wahlberg , who was 17 , was tried as an adult and served 45 days in jail for the crime . In the application he filed to the state 's Advisory Board of Pardons , Wahlberg states that he has "  dedicated myself to becoming a better person and citizen so that I can be a role model to my children and others " and that "  receiving a pardon would be a formal recognition that I am not the same person that I was . " He claims that , despite his use of racist language , the race of the men was not a motivation for his crime , blaming instead the "  influence of alcohol and narcotics . "  Wahlberg committed the assaults while seeking to steal two cases of beer from Lam 's convenience store . In a stroke of irony , he states that a major reason for seeking a pardon is the desire to expand his own burgeoning restaurant chain , Wahlburgers , whose licensing has been hampered by his record as a felon . So , young Mark Wahlberg , who would just half a decade later rise to fame as a rapper and a crotch-grabbing underwear model under the name "  Marky Mark " before successfully transitioning to acting , was let off with a trivial 45-day sentence after battering an Asian man until he was permanently handicapped . Three gold records , $ 200 million in wealth and untold fame and adulation later , he 's seeking absolution for his crimes , because , he writes , "  troubled youths will see this as an inspiration and motivation that they , too , can turn their lives around . " The unwritten phrase that should follow Wahlberg 's assertion : "  That is to say , so long as they 're white and their victims are not . " If a black , Hispanic or Asian youth under the influence of drugs and alcohol had put out a white man 's eye while trying to rob his store , it 's inconceivable that he would have been let off with such a light sentence ; implausible that he 'd have gone on to the kind of marquee stardom that Wahlberg has obtained ; unlikely that he would have the sense of unvarnished privilege that is driving Wahlberg 's desire for a whitewashing of his record , if you 'll pardon the pun . According to The Boston Globe , to this day Wahlberg has never apologized or paid restitution to the victims of his crimes . He also has n't really acknowledged his pattern of bigoted language and racist violence , which included a separate episode in which he threw rocks at African-American schoolchildren while shouting that "  black n * ggers " were unwelcome in his community . And he has never reached out to the Vietnamese-American community or other communities of color with the kind of targeted charity and philanthropic presence befitting someone who was truly remorseful for the repulsive actions of his youth . And that 's the most gut-wrenching aspect of Wahlberg 's request , coming as it does in the wake of the repeated , unpunished killings of young black men and teens at the hands of white men . The darkest reactions to the deaths of Martin , Brown and Garner described the victims as hardened , bestial and irredeemably corrupted by casual drug use or records of petty crime . They were , in the coded language of these commenters , "  thugs . " Meanwhile , Wahlberg , a wealthy white man with a more extensive criminal record than any of the black men mentioned above , has been described across mainstream media as a "  troubled " youth who 's since made good . In the wake of the grand jury 's decision not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo for the choking death of Garner , the hashtag #CrimingWhileWhite trended on Twitter , featuring hundreds of white people sharing how their infractions were dismissed by police , while in many cases black friends were prosecuted for the same offenses . I noted at the time that the hashtag was "  proof that there are two America : One that gets off with a wink . And one that just gets offed . " In that other America , white versions of Martin , Brown and Garner might well have gotten the chance to "  make good " like Wahlberg ; they might be the ones seeking to redeem their youthful indiscretions . Sadly , no amount of pardoning will resurrect the dead .	Mark Wahlberg petitioned Massachusetts for pardon of his brutal assaults of two men Jeff Yang : There 's a double standard when we judge crimes committed by whites and blacks In the cases of Eric Garner or Michael Brown , we ask accountability from the victims Yang : With Wahlberg , he has n't even show true remorse for the repulsive actions of his youth
CNN  -- The chief executive of English Premier League club Arsenal has urged the team 's supporters to get behind under-fire coach Arsene Wenger . Ivan Gazidis told the north London team 's fans that Wenger was the best man for the job on the day that Arsenal announced pre-tax profits of $ 78 million for the six months until the end of November . The club 's healthy financial situation off the field is diluted by a precarious one on it , because despite Sunday 's 5-2 thrashing of local rivals Tottenham , the Gunners are in a battle to finish fourth and claim England 's final , lucrative European Champions League spot . Wenger , from France , has delivered three Premier League titles and four FA Cups during his 15-year reign and has never failed to qualify for the continent 's most prestigious club competition . Arsenal fight back to win sensational north London derby But the team have been below par this season , and are in fourth place only on goal difference , ahead of London rivals Chelsea , and 17 points off leaders Manchester City . "  We hear the noise , we understand the concern of the fans , we know that there are issues , we know we 're not where we want to be , " Gazidis told Arsenal 's official website on Monday . "  But I can tell you that this team , our manager , the players , are absolutely united in what we have to do for the rest of the season , which is to finish in the top four . It 's very much in our hands . "  Victory through harmony . The strength of this club has always been its unity and our fans and our players need to come together in this fight for the rest of the season . " The early-season sales of Cesc Fabregas to Barcelona and Samir Nasri to Manchester City helped Arsenal post such healthy profits . During the same period in 2010 the club made a loss of $ 9.6 million . Gazidis confirmed there was money available to spend on players but said that UEFA 's new Financial Fair Play regulations , which aim to make football clubs more sustainable and live within their means , would help moderate a voracious market . Should Manchester City accept Tevez 's apology ? "  We have a healthy cash balance of Â # 115 million  $ 181 million  for the half year . But it 's important to understand that not all that money 's available to invest in transfers . We have running costs of the club , player salaries and so on , so that amount goes down during the year , " Gazidis said . "  We also have to keep something in reserve in case things do n't go our way . There is money available , we do n't talk about an exact figure -- and there 's a very good reason why we do n't put an exact figure on that -- because it would impact on our negotiating position . "  We have to invest efficiently , we have to invest sensibly . That does n't mean we get every decision right -- we do n't . But we do get the majority of them right and that 's been one of the secrets of Arsenal 's success over a long period of time . " Meanwhile , the English FA has charged three players with making alleged homophobic statements on social networking site Twitter . Manchester United 's Federico Macheda , who is on loan at Queens Park Rangers , Newcastle 's Nile Ranger and Manny Smith of third division Walsall stand accused of bringing the game into disrepute . An FA statement read : "  The charge is that the players acted in a way which was improper and/or brought the game into disrepute . It is further alleged that the breach included a reference to a person 's or persons ' sexual orientation . " The trio have until Wednesday to respond to the charges .	Arsenal 's chief exec tells club 's fans to back manager Arsene Wenger Arsenal battling to finish fourth and qualify for the European Champions League Club post six-month profits of $ 78m to reflect healthy financial position English FA charges three players with making alleged homophobic statements
CNN  -- A Florida pastor told CNN on Tuesday that while his congregation still plans to burn Qurans to protest the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , the church is "  weighing " its intentions . Terry Jones , pastor of Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida , who was interviewed on CNN 's "  American Morning , " said the congregation is taking seriously the warning from the U.S. military that the act could cause problems for American troops . "  We have firmly made up our mind , but at the same time , we are definitely praying about it , " Jones said . Later Tuesday , Jones had a response to a statement from Gen. David Petraeus , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , who said the burning of Islam 's holy books "  could cause significant problems " for American troops overseas . "  It could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort in Afghanistan , " Petraeus said in a statement issued Monday . "  The general needs to point his finger to radical Islam and tell them to shut up , tell them to stop , tell them that we will not bow our knees to them , " Jones said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We are burning the book , " Jones said . "  We are not killing someone . We are not murdering people . " The planned action has drawn sharp criticism from Muslims around the world and from U.S. officials . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday issued a statement saying the U.S. government "  in no way condones such acts of disrespect against the religion of Islam , and is deeply concerned about deliberate attempts to offend members of religious or ethnic groups . " It emphasized that it strongly condemned "  the offensive messages , which are contrary to U.S. government policy and deeply offensive to Muslims especially during the month of Ramadan . " "  Americans from all religious and ethnic backgrounds reject the offensive initiative by this small group in Florida . A great number of American voices are protesting the hurtful statements made by this organization , " the embassy said . With about 120,000 U.S. and NATO-led troops still battling al Qaeda and its allies in the Islamic fundamentalist Taliban movement , Petraeus warned that burning Qurans "  is precisely the kind of action the Taliban uses and could cause significant problems -- not just here , but everywhere in the world we are engaged with the Islamic community . " Petraeus said he was concerned about the political repercussions of the church 's plan . "  Even the rumor that it might take place has sparked demonstrations such as the one that took place in Kabul yesterday , " he said . "  Were the actual burning to take place , the safety of our soldiers and civilians would be put in jeopardy and accomplishment of the mission would be made more difficult . " One of Petraeus ' deputies , Lt. Gen. William Caldwell , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the event "  has already stirred up a lot of discussion and concern " among Afghans . "  We very much feel that this can jeopardize the safety of our men and women that are serving over here in the country , " said Caldwell , the head of NATO efforts to train Afghan security forces . Caldwell said American troops "  are over here to defend the rights of American citizens , and we 're not debating the First Amendment rights that people have . " But he added , "  What I will tell you is that their very actions will in fact jeopardize the safety of the young men and women who are serving in uniform over here and also undermine the very mission that we 're trying to accomplish . " "  I would hope they would understand that there are second - and third-order effects that will occur that will affect that young man and woman who 's out there on point for America , serving their nation today , because of their actions back in the United States , " he said . Thousands of Indonesians gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Sunday to protest the planned Quran burning . "  The burning is not only an insult to the holy Quran , but an insult to Islam and Muslims around the world , " said Muhammad Ismail , a spokesman for the hard-line Indonesian Muslim group Hizb ut-Tahrir . Jones said his congregation is aware that the action is offensive . "  We realize that this action would indeed offend people , offend the Muslims . I am offended when they burn the flag . I am offended when they burn the Bible . But we feel that the message that we are trying to send is much more important than people being offended . " Jones said Muslims are welcomed in the United States , if they observe the Constitution and do n't try to impose Sharia law , or Muslim law . The message , he said , is directed toward the "  radical element of Islam . " "  Our message is very clear , " he said . "  It is not to the moderate Muslim . Our message is not a message of hate . Our message is a message of warning to the radical element of Islam , and I think what we see right now around the globe provides exactly what we 're talking about , " he said . The center says it was founded in 1986 as a "  total concept church for the rich , the poor , the young and the old . " Its purpose is to "  stand up for righteousness and for the truth of the Bible . " It stresses that "  Christians must return to the truth and stop hiding . " "  We need to speak up against sin and call the people to repentance . Abortion is murder . Homosexuality is sin . We need to call these things what they are and bring the world the true message : that Jesus is the way , the truth , and the life , " it says on the church 's website . It also emphasizes its dislike of Islam , and on its website , it blog posts an item called "  Ten Reasons to Burn a Koran . "  Any religion which would profess anything other than this truth is of the devil . This is why we also take a stand against Islam , which teaches that Jesus is not the Son of God , therefore taking away the saving power of Jesus Christ and leading people straight to Hell , " the site says . "  It is our vision to go around , to preach and to challenge , and to get the church involved and ready . We must go outside of the walls , and march for righteousness . " Commenting the other day on Jones ' critique of Islam , Plemon el-Amin , the imam of an Atlanta , Georgia , mosque , said that his words are "  really quite uninformed . " "  But in America , there is the freedom to be ignorant , " el-Amin said . "  The only problem is in the world , many people do n't understand that particular freedom . So what he is doing is like shouting fire in a theater , in a world theater , and people are upset . " El-Amin said Jones has boasted of never reading the Quran , so , "  He does n't know that he 's going to burn a book that has some of the most beautiful passages about Christ Jesus throughout , as well as Moses , Abraham and all of the prophets he reads about and says he follows in the Bible . " But he said the best strategy would be to ignore Jones , "  like we do people on corners saying the end of the world is coming . " Other religious organizations have joined with U.S. Muslim groups to oppose the Quran-burning . The National Association of Evangelicals is urging the church to cancel the event , warning that it could cause worldwide tension between the two religions , and Christian , Muslim , Jewish and Hindu leaders in Gainesville have organized a "  Gathering for Peace , Understanding and Hope " the night before the scheduled Quran burning . The U.S. Embassy statement said that in his speech on Islam last year in Cairo , Egypt , President Obama said it is part of his responsibility to fight "  negative stereotypes of Islam , " and he mentioned interfaith efforts "  to counter this kind of ignorance and misinformation . " "  And during his recent Iftar speech at the White House , he said : Let me be clear : As a citizen , and as president , I believe that Muslims have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else in this country . " In the CNN interview , Jones was asked about the Christian principle of turning the other cheek -- not acting out in violence or engaging in payback and in deed . "  I think in deed that most of the time , we as Christians are indeed called to turn the other cheek . I believe that most of the time , talk and diplomacy is the correct way . But I always think that once in a while , I think you see that in the Bible , there are incidents where enough is enough and you stand up , " Jones said . An armed Christian organization that had pledged to protect the Dove World Outreach Center withdrew its support from the Quran-burning last week , stating the event "  may diminish the work of the Holy Spirit to witness to Muslims . " That group 's founder , Shannon Carson , said he agrees with the church 's stance on Islam , which he called a cult "  that is invading our nation . " But he complained that the "  liberal media " is using stories about Jones ' plans "  to distract , divide and enrage the public . " CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	NEW : Pastor calls on Petraeus to confront radical Islam He says congregation is aware of warning that act could cause problems for U.S. troops U.S. embassy deplores disrespect against Islam Quran-burning pastor is "  really quite uninformed , " Atlanta imam says
CNN  -- Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said Wednesday that Zimbabwe is in shambles and warned that deaths from starvation and a cholera outbreak threaten to surge with the rainy season approaching . A man carries a relative in a wheelbarrow to a cholera clinic in Harare on Tuesday . Bemoaning Zimbabwe 's decline is a familiar refrain for the embattled head of the Movement for Democratic Change . His most recent remarks , however , were backed by former President Carter , who returned from a five-day trip to neighboring South Africa this week and declared Zimbabwe "  a basket case . " Tsvangirai also expressed frustration with attempts to form a unity government between his group and the ruling Zanu-PF party . He said he has asked that South African ex-President Thabo Mbeki recuse himself as mediator between the two parties . The Zimbabwean government quickly countered Tsvangirai 's allegations that President Robert Mugabe and Zanu-PF were responsible for the problems gripping the country . "  The government is very committed to ensure that the humanitarian crisis is addressed . It would be wrong for the MDC to blame it on the government , " Foreign Affairs Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi said . Addressing Tsvangirai 's allegations that cholera deaths could soon top 50 a day and that the Mugabe-led government seems intent on covering it up , Mumbengegwi noted that Zimbabwe is not the only country where cholera is a problem . Watch why world leaders call the situation in Zimbabwe shocking " "  No government would want its people to suffer . Cholera is not peculiar to Zimbabwe , " he said . "  We hear it is now in South Africa , too , but we can not relax because of that . We have to fight it as Zimbabweans . " A report in the state-run Herald newspaper Wednesday said the government has kicked off an information campaign to inform citizens of "  the do 's and do n'ts to combat the disease . " The government is also drilling boreholes to find clean , subterranean water that can be pumped to the surface for drinking and bathing , the Herald reported . The World Health Organization said last week that almost 300 people have died of cholera since August and more than 6,000 cases have been reported . Tsvangirai said Wednesday that conditions would worsen this month as the rainy season brings steamy downpours to much of Zimbabwe , especially the eastern mountain forests . Carter , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Graca Machel , wife of former South Africa President Nelson Mandela -- all of whom belong to a group of world leaders called the Elders -- had hoped to visit Zimbabwe on their recent trip to the region but were denied visas , according to Tsvangirai and a statement from the Carter Center . "  Mr. Mugabe would prefer that the suffering that he and Zanu-PF have caused , and continue to cause , remains in the dark , " Tsvangirai said in a statement , adding that because the Movement for Democratic Change and Zanu-PF can not form a partnership after months of wrangling , "  the MDC must instead work with those Zimbabwean organizations , groups and individuals to address the humanitarian crisis . " The humanitarian problems illustrate the political quagmire in Zimbabwe , where a power-sharing agreement that Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed in September has yet to take effect . Carter issued a statement Tuesday condemning what he said was Harare 's decision to renege on an agreement to allow him , Annan and Machel into the country . He also offered a damning assessment of the Mugabe regime . "  After almost three decades of governmental corruption , mismanagement and oppression , Zimbabwe has become a basket case , an embarrassment to the region and a focus of international concern and condemnation , " he said . Denied passage to Zimbabwe , Carter , Annan and Machel were left to consult with regional leaders -- including Tsvangirai , Botswana President Ian Khama and South Africa President Kgalema Motlanthe -- as well as United Nations officials , nongovernmental organizations and Zimbabwe 's civil leaders . "  We had a complete and balanced agenda and more frank discussions than would have been possible in the oppressive and restrained environment of Harare , " Carter said in his statement . Carter said he learned of conditions in which the official inflation rate has soared to about 231 million percent while thousands of Zimbabweans stand in line for their daily allowance of about 2 cents a day -- from their own bank accounts . The allowance does not afford them a half loaf of bread , he said . Teachers , who earn about a dollar a month , report a student-textbook ratio of about 20-to-1 , and school attendance has dropped to about 20 percent in the past three months , the former president reported . The few students still attending classes are generally doing so in the hopes of being fed , he said . "  Meanwhile , top government officials and other privileged people can exchange Zim money at a favorable rate that is several thousand times more than the official rate available to other citizens , " Carter said . "  They profit greatly from these monetary transactions and shop in special stores . " The nation 's four major hospitals have shut down , as roughly 3,500 AIDS victims are dying each week . Unchecked sewage and filthy water have compounded the cholera problem , and Zimbabwe 's death rate from the disease is 10 times greater than rates in areas where treatment is available , Carter said . The former president said 19,000 Zimbabweans are fleeing the country each month , mostly to South Africa and Botswana . He estimated that 4 million people have fled the nation . "  The middle class is departing , leaving behind the extremely poor and the small elite group around Mugabe who are profiting from the economic disaster , " he said . Comparing Zimbabwe to Somalia , a failed African state that has had no functional government since 1991 , Carter cast blame on African leaders who fail "  to confront Robert Mugabe and force him to accept the result of the March election and more recently to comply with negotiated political agreements to share governmental authority with Morgan Tsvangirai and the opposition party . " Tsvangirai snared more votes than Mugabe in March 's election but not a majority . Tsvangirai dropped out of a subsequent runoff , citing widespread violence against MDC supporters . Carter 's call for African leaders to step up pressure on Mugabe came a day before Tsvangirai asked South Africa 's Mbeki to bow out as mediator between the MDC and Zanu-PF . "  Sadly , the negotiations have also been hampered by the attitude and position of the facilitator , Mr. Thabo Mbeki . He does not appear to understand how desperate the problem in Zimbabwe is , and the solutions he proposes are too small , " Tsvangirai said in his statement . "  He is not serving to bring the parties together because he does not understand what needs to be done . In addition , his partisan support of Zanu-PF , to the detriment of genuine dialogue , has made it impossible for the MDC to continue negotiating under his facilitation . " Asked for the Zimbabwe government 's reaction to the MDC asking Mbeki to recuse himself , Foreign Minister Mumbengegwi said , "  We have no right to tell them who to complain about . It is their decision in the MDC . " Unless African leaders can find a way to mitigate the political impasse in Zimbabwe , the United Nations or the African Union might need to enter the fray , because , Carter said , "  the poisonous effects " of the Mugabe regime , including the cholera outbreak , are spilling into other African nations . Food , medicine and monetary donations should be sent immediately to humanitarian agencies such as CARE , World Vision and Save the Children , Carter said , advising that it is unwise to send cash directly to people in Zimbabwe . "  It is counterproductive to contribute money that can be confiscated by the Zimbabwe government , " he said .	Opposition 's Morgan Tsvangirai asks Thabo Mbeki to recuse himself as mediator Jimmy Carter reports children still attending school do so in hopes of being fed Carter : Zimbabweans line up daily for 2-cent allowance from own bank accounts Cholera crisis seeping from Zimbabwe borders , may require intervention , he says
London  CNN  -- A Turkish government ban on Twitter has provoked widespread fury in Turkey , and condemnation around the world , with the country 's own president taking to the social media website to condemn Ankara 's actions . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who blames social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric , threatened to "  eradicate " Twitter at a campaign rally in the city of Bursa on Thursday . Within hours Turkish Internet users were reporting widespread disruptions to the service , and hashtags including #TwitterisblockedinTurkey and #DictatorErdogan were trending worldwide . Freedom of expression campaign group Index on Censorship said the ban , which it called "  censorship of which the worst authoritarian regimes would be proud " was "  emblematic of the increasingly authoritarian tendencies of the Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . " Millions of Twitter users from across Turkey quickly found ways to circumvent the blockade -- with help from Twitter itself -- and voice their anger and frustration at the government 's move . Others posted satirical pictures and cartoons . Twitter ban batters Turkey 's image , but does Erdogan care ? Turkey 's president , Abdullah Gul , defied the ban to send out a series of messages questioning the government 's actions . "  One can not approve of the complete closure of social media platforms , " he posted . "  It is not possible technically to completely block access to platforms like Twitter ... I hope this implementation does not last long . " But Turkey analyst Fadi Hakura , from international think-tank Chatham House , said the President 's tweets should be taken with a pinch of salt . "  The President has very little credibility on this issue , since he approved the law which allowed this ban to happen ; it seems he and the Prime Minister are playing a good cop/bad cop routine . " Hakura said Twitter had been targeted as a way of blocking the public 's access to information amid a government corruption scandal and in the run-up to key local elections at the end of March . "  The government of Prime Minister Erdogan has restricted the flow of information through traditional media -- newspapers and television news -- and so the Internet has become the last preserve of freedom of information in Turkey , " he told CNN . "  When you restrict the traditional media , people will resort to alternatives . " Hakura said social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube had also proved extremely effective in mobilizing the opposition and in facilitating protests in Turkey in the past 18 months . Stefan Fule , the European Union 's commissioner for enlargement , said the ban "  raises grave concerns and casts doubt on Turkey 's stated commitment to European values and standards . " "  Freedom of expression , a fundamental right in any democratic society , includes the right to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority , " he said in a statement . "  Citizens must be free to communicate and choose freely the means to do it . This obviously includes access to the internet . " A spokesman for Britain 's Foreign Office also suggested that blocking access to Twitter may harm Turkey 's long-held hope of becoming a member of the EU . Twitter ban is the least of Turkey 's woes "  Social media has a vital role to play in a modern democracy , and helps to promote transparency and vibrant public debate , " he said in a statement . "  We have long supported Turkey 's accession to the EU . As a candidate country , it is important for Turkey to promote the EU 's core values of freedom of expression , democracy and the rule of law . " But even before the ban came into effect , Erdogan had insisted he did not care what the international community had to say about it , and Hakura said the criticism was unlikely to change his stand against social media . "  Europe 's influence on Turkey is tied to the hope of accession to the EU , and since there is a stalemate on that , Europe has lost its influence , " he explained . Instead , he said , Erdogan 's priorities lay closer to home . "  The Prime Minister 's top priority is to win the elections , and to stamp his authority on Turkish politics , rather than to react to the views of European leaders . " Professor Ilter Turan , from the political science department at Bilgi University in Istanbul said that while this month 's votes are , in theory , local elections , in practice they may act as something of a referendum on Erdogan 's rule , ahead of presidential elections later in the year . "  Depending on what happens in these elections , probably the PM will decide to run or not to run for president , " Turan said . "  There is a general feeling that maybe conditions have already worked against him , that maybe his candidacy is not particularly powerful , but that decision is not yet final . " Hakura said that although the core of Erdogan 's conservative , religious supporters were unlikely to care about the Twitter ban , it may yet come to damage the Prime Minister , politically . "  Turks who oppose the government will oppose the ban , but it is the bread-and-butter issue of the economy that concerns his supporters , " he said . "  The economy is what underpins Erdogan 's popularity , and the Twitter ban could come back to bite him if his capricious misuse of this law scares off foreign investors and undermines confidence in the Turkish economy . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Ivan Watson and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Turkish users of Twitter report disruption prompting #TwitterisblockedinTurkey to trend Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan had vowed to "  eradicate " Twitter Turkey analyst Fadi Hakura says social media are last preserve of freedom of information in Turkey Twitter , Facebook and Youtube have been used as a tool for political protests in the country
CNN  -- Eight women and four men convened regularly over 13 months . They heard from dozens of witnesses , considered 30,000 pieces of evidence . All of it with one question in mind : Who killed 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey ? On October 13 , 1999 -- nearly three years after the diminutive Colorado pageant queen 's body was found in her home -- the 12 grand jurors went back to their own homes , sworn to silence and with nothing apparently to show for their effort . "  We do not have sufficient evidence to warrant the filing of charges , " then-Boulder County District Attorney Alex Hunter said . The presumption was that the grand jury had n't voted to indict anyone . That included failing to take action against JonBenet 's parents , John and Patsy Ramsey , whom Boulder police had said were under "  an umbrella of suspicion " in the girl 's death . Yet the Boulder Daily Camera , the newspaper in that Colorado city , now says there was more to the story . Citing several unidentified jurors as well as an assistant district attorney in Hunter 's office , the paper reports that the grand jury did , in fact , vote to indict the Ramsey parents on charges of child abuse resulting in death . "  We did n't know who did what , " one juror told the Camera , "  but we felt the adults in the house may have done something that they certainly could have prevented , or they could have helped her , and they did n't . " "  Or saying that they as a grand jury did not know what happened , " retorted Lin Wood , an Atlanta attorney who has represented the Ramseys over the years . His comments came on CNN Tuesday after being asked to respond to what the anonymous juror told the paper . Wood said the grand jury was "  likely confused . " Hunter , the man who presented the case to them , did n't sign the indictment , however , the Daily Camera reports . Paper : Panel voted in '99 to indict parents of JonBenet Ramsey , DA did n't sign on It 's a decision that Bill Wise , a former prosecutor who was n't directly involved in the grand jury proceedings , confirmed to the paper and said makes sense . "  The state of the evidence in that case was simply inadequate to file a charge , in my opinion , and that obviously was Hunter 's opinion , too , " Wise said . "  Whether it 's against one or two people , you just did n't have the evidence . " Wood called Alex Hunter a "  hero . " "  Jon and Patsy Ramsey had been told back in '99 by their attorneys they should expect to be indicted , " he said . "  You have to go back 15 , 16 years to remember there was a media frenzy of false accusations against this family . There was an incompetent and prejudiced Boulder Police Department investigation , the investigation that focused on day one on the Ramsey family and refused to follow the evidence that would have led to the killer of this child . "  They  the Ramseys  expected that they would be indicted and they expected they would have their names cleared in front of a judge or a jury , " Wood said . The attorney pointed to the 2008 findings from then-District Attorney Mary Lacy that DNA tests ruled out any Ramsey family member 's involvement in the girl 's death . "  The DNA tests performed after the time of the Boulder grand jury not only prove the Ramsey family to be innocent and the grand jury wrong , they also make former District Attorney Alex Hunter a hero who wisely avoided a gross miscarriage of justice , " Wood told CNN in an interview Monday . Those now in the Boulder County District Attorney 's Office are n't commenting on the report in the Daily Camera , spokeswoman Catherine Olguin said Monday . Mom : ` There 's a killer on the loose ' It was December 26 , 1996 -- a day after JonBenet got a bicycle as a Christmas gift -- when Patsy Ramsey said she discovered a three-page ransom note in her Boulder home . Police came and , later that day , found JonBenet 's beaten and strangled body in the family 's basement . Days after burying the girl in suburban Atlanta , where they had previously lived , the Ramseys appeared on CNN . "  There 's a killer on the loose , " Patsy Ramsey said January 1 , 1997 , in an interview that brought an intense national spotlight on the case . "  I do n't know who it is . I do n't know if it 's a she or a he , but if I were a resident of Boulder , I would tell my friends to keep your babies close to you . There 's someone out there . " The parents insisted an intruder committed the crime , but no one was caught and no description was given . In time , the focus turned on the parents : Could they have done it ? Investigators did n't find any sign of forced entry . A paintbrush from her mother 's hobby kit was used to tighten the rope that choked JonBenet . And the alleged ransom note was written from paper inside the house and referenced little-known details about the family 's past and its finances . Despite the suspicions , the Ramseys were never named as suspects . But they were a focus of the grand jury , which first convened in September 1998 . On Monday , CNN talked with one juror and another 's spouse , both of whom indicated that -- at the behest of the district attorney 's office -- they would not discuss the case . Messages left by CNN with several other jurors were not immediately answered . But according to Wise and several jurors who talked with the Daily Camera , the decision was eventually made to indict John and Patsy Ramsey . This was even though the jurors were n't sure who , exactly , had killed young JonBenet . 16 years later , still no arrests or charges According to Wise , who worked as a prosecutor for 28 years before retiring , there was disagreement among the eight or so involved in the prosecution about what to do after the grand jury voted to indict . He told the Daily Camera that he thinks his former boss did the right thing not pressing forward with the case , arguing that the evidence did n't show whether Patsy or John Ramsey may have been more directly responsible . "  If I were on a jury , I would not convict either of them , " said Wise . As is , while there have been many twists and turns since the grand jury was discharged in 1999 , there 's been no closure . The Ramseys were busy in March 2000 , releasing their book "  The Death of Innocence , " filing multimillion-dollar lawsuits against media organizations who they say libeled their son  who was 9 at the time of JonBenet 's death  and settling a lawsuit with a tabloid newspaper . That May , the Ramseys returned to CNN to face off with Steve Thomas , a former Boulder police detective who 'd released a book of his own . Thomas claimed the girl died after "  an explosive encounter " over a bed-wetting incident , something the Ramseys fiercely denied . The district attorney 's office , then led by Lacy , took over the case from Boulder police in 2002 . Four years later , there was an apparent breakthrough with the arrest of 41-year-old teacher John Mark Karr in Bangkok , Thailand . This came after he freely -- and repeatedly -- said he was with JonBenet the night she died , although he insisted her death was an accident and that he "  loved " her . But soon after his arrest and return to Colorado , prosecutors announced DNA evidence proved Karr had nothing to do with JonBenet 's death . That same year , 2006 , Patsy Ramsey died at the age of 49 following a fight with ovarian cancer . Then came Lacy 's 2008 letter to John Ramsey , exonerating him and the rest of his family after tests of DNA evidence found in the girl 's underwear and beneath her fingernails . "  To the extent that we may have contributed in any way to the public perception that you might have been involved in this crime , I am deeply sorry , " Lacy wrote . Since then , authorities have said they 'd continued to try to find answers . But despite their work , the case remains as cold as it was on that late December day , 16 years ago .	Atlanta lawyer Lin Wood : Comments given to Boulder paper show grand jury did n't know truth He called DA a "  hero " for not indicting John and Patsy Ramsey for the 1996 death of JonBenet The little girl was found beaten and strangled in the basement of her Colorado home
CNN  A year-and-a-half ago , when the Jesus edition of Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard 's ongoing book series about the deaths of famous people was released , O'Reilly did the talk show circuit to promote the book . To "  60 Minutes " O'Reilly professed that his "  Killing Jesus " is not a religious book . It was purely historical , said the Fox News host . He said it investigates the political circumstances surrounding the most famous death of all time . When asked why Jesus was killed , O'Reilly said , "  He was upset that the Jews were taxing -- and overtaxing , extorting -- the folks . " Jesus was executed , according to O'Reilly , not because he claimed to be God , but because he interrupted the "  money flow " of taxes to the Romans and the Jewish temple leaders . As a theologian , I must say that O'Reilly buried the lead . The death of Jesus of Nazareth , at least historically speaking , was just one more ignominious execution of a peasant Jew in a long line of such executions . A century before Jesus ' death , the Romans crucified about 6,000 slaves on the roads leading to Rome , putting to an end the Third Servile War . Like Jesus , these slaves stood up to the Roman Empire and were quickly defeated . Crucifixion was common . Five things Bill O'Reilly flubs in ` Killing Jesus ' Jesus ' death was unique because of its theological and religious import . At least that 's what his earliest followers decided upon reflection . Jesus was not the messiah that the Hebrews had anticipated . In fact , he 'd done just about the opposite of what was expected : preached peace , lived in relative obscurity , and died young . Jesus was most definitely an outsider -- on this O'Reilly and I agree . He lived in the outer reaches of the empire , a non-citizen with few rights . Even his Galilean accent was considered backwoods in the metropolis of Jerusalem . Whether it was the Roman occupying force or the powerful temple leaders , they must have thought , "  Jesus is not like us . " So it 's pleasantly surprising that the TV movie based on O'Reilly 's book casts a Muslim actor , Haaz Sleiman , as Jesus . Sleiman was raised in Lebanon . He is thick-featured and broad-shouldered . And he is robustly hirsute , the very opposite of the wispily-bearded Ted Neely from the Jesus Christ Superstar of my youth . Speaking of Ted Neely , he is just one in a long line of blue-eyed Jesuses in art and film . For a long time , the actors chosen to play Jesus have looked more like O'Reilly and me than like a Judean . Sleiman is a welcome break from that tradition , but some people have voiced displeasure at his casting . Having a Muslim portray the founder of Christianity , they contend , is an offense . Sleiman disagrees . "  My religion is inclusivity , " Sleiman told me , and he is an effective evangelist of that religion . He is unashamed to talk about his connection to God , his respect for all three Abrahamic faiths -- Judaism , Christianity , and Islam -- and in the "  beauty and magnificence of humanity . " To play Jesus , Sleiman said , he simply focused on the divinity that he believes is available to all human beings , a divinity that Jesus was specially aware of . When Bill O'Reilly portrays Jesus as a champion of low taxes and an opponent of big government , he 's not committing a mortal sin . He 's doing what so many have done before : seeing in Jesus what they want to see , and making Jesus into someone who looks , talks , and thinks like they want him to . So maybe the best thing that Christians can do during this Holy Week is to watch a Muslim portray Jesus . In that portrayal , we might be reminded that Jesus himself did n't look like the dominant culture of his day , and he practiced a religion that the Romans did not understand or respect . We live in an uneasy time between Christians and Muslims , between Christianity and Islam . And it was n't so different in the first century . Then , an obscure figure who was little understood preached peace and died a sacrificial death . Now a Muslim actor is bringing him to life , and that is no more scandalous than Jesus ' own life .	A TV movie based on O'Reilly 's book "  Killing Jesus " casts a Muslim actor as Jesus Maybe best thing Christians during this Holy Week should watch Muslim portray Jesus , says Tony Jones
It is a scene seared forever into the memory of an eyewitness : Masked men drag the bloodied body of a man across a public square , and tie it to a make-shift cross on a metal pole . Green string holds the body 's arms outstretched across a wood plank as blood oozes from the gunshot wound to his head . Militiamen wrap the body 's black "  WhatsApp " shirt with a sign in red letters that reads in Arabic : "  This man fought Muslims and detonated an IED here . " The eyewitness -- a man we will call Abu Ibrahim -- does more than watch . He steps closer and snaps a picture with his cell phone ; the children around him gawk at the horrific spectacle with quiet curiosity . Abu Ibrahim asked that his identity be kept secret for fear of reprisals . His photographs document the story of a body staged to look like a crucifixion -- and to send a message -- in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa . An al Qaeda splinter group , Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , says the brutal display serves as a lesson to anyone who dares challenge its rule . Three days on , the "  crucified " body of the man and another victim were reportedly still hanging in Raqqa . "  What they are conveying is those who oppose ISIS rule oppose God 's rule , and those who are enemies of ISIS are enemies of God and deserve the highest form of punishment possible , " says Abbas Barzegar , assistant professor of Islamic studies at Georgia State University . The jihadist group carried out a total of seven public executions in Raqqa on Tuesday , but only two bodies were displayed afterward , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . Abu Ibrahim , a member of a recently formed anti-ISIS activist group in Raqqa , says the remaining five victims were children under the age of 18 , one of them a seventh-grade student . The crucifixion displays began in March , when ISIS accused a shepherd of murder and theft , then shot him in the head and tied his lifeless body to a wooden cross . Video on social media showed the body leaning up against a small building painted to bear the group 's flag and name . "  These violent acts are part of a fundamentalist revival campaign , but these forms of ancient punishment were rarely if ever seen in the Muslim world in recent centuries , " Barzegar says . "  It has become a standard feature of fringe Islamist groups to revive these outdated practices in an effort to bring back what they believe is authentic . " There 's been no evidence of actual crucifixion , a painful form of execution in which victims were bound or nailed through the hands and feet to a heavy wooden cross and left to suffer until death . All three men in Raqqa were shot in the head prior to being affixed to crosses . The displays of their bodies appear to be largely symbolic acts by ISIS followers against members of their own Sunni Muslim sect for perceived acts of treason . "  ISIS needs to attach meaning to their killing . Simply murdering in a state of constant warfare is void of value , so they must attach a message or propaganda to what they are doing , " Barzegar says . As Syria 's civil war creates a power vacuum , groups like ISIS have stepped in with their own form of radical Sharia law to rule over an exhausted and terrorized civilian population . Edicts often appear overnight on inconspicuous flyers , with dire warnings : "  All shop owners must close their stores immediately upon the announcement of prayer and go to the mosque , " a decree posted this week reportedly reads . "  Any violators after the issuance of this announcement will face consequences . " According to a set of rules issued to Raqqa 's Christian minority , members of the faith must pay a special tax to the militants and may not expose crosses , repair churches , or recite prayers in the presence of Muslims , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported in February . But while crucifixion holds specific biblical resonance , the bold and brutal displays in Raqqa hold no direct correlation to Christian symbolism , Barzegar says . The ISIS victims whose bodies were strung up on crosses were all Muslim . U.N. chief to Syria : Please do n't hold presidential elections After nearly a year under the repression of ISIS , Abu Ibrahim and about 20 other activists formed a campaign in April that they called "  Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently " to push the vigilante group out of their hometown . "  After we reached the solid conviction , without the shadow of a doubt , that  Raqqa  served as the stage of a horrific spectacle that deformed the real core of the Syrian revolution , " the campaigns founding document reads , "  we decided it was about time we stood against those forces of evil . " ISIS reacted almost immediately to the campaign , sentencing the activists to death for "  non-belief in Islam and their advocacy of secularism , " and offering a large cash prize for any information on their whereabouts , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . "  It is our obligation to confront them  ISIS  and if we remain scared of them then they will rule us forever . It is true this is dangerous and we have received more than one death threat , but we are relying on the popularity of our Facebook page as protection , " Abu Ibrahim told CNN via a choppy Skype connection . On their Facebook page with nearly 12,000 followers , activists post updates on alleged crimes committed against the people of Raqqa and issue calls to action such as proposing a strike by store owners on Saturday to protest an ISIS tax hike . "  Life here is very hard . People are tired and they hate everything . If you do n't close your shop during prayer time you get lashes , if you smoke you get lashed , if you say one wrong thing you can be executed . Just like that . It 's that easy for ISIS , " Abu Ibrahim says . The United Nations , the Syrian opposition and human rights groups have corroborated the scenes of horror in Raqqa . Earlier this year , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said reported mass executions in Raqqa may amount to war crimes , and in a separate report issued last month , her office documented torture and mistreatment , including repeated beatings , of prisoners at schools and hospitals controlled by ISIS . "  So many families have had people disappear and they have no idea where they are or what happened to them . The worst part is people are too afraid to ask about their husbands or sons , " Abu Ibrahim says . After nearly every Friday prayer , a few of these prisoners appear in a public roundabout where dozens of onlookers stand by as charges are hurriedly read and the sentences against the accused carried out , ranging from lashes to executions . Images of the harrowing scenes often circulate on social-media sites , sometimes posted by accounts claiming to be linked to the extremist group . "  It is like a waterfall of blood . There are more and more executions and now the children watch like they are used to it . It is a strange and exciting scene and they are not afraid to look , " Abu Ibrahim says . ISIS 's military offensive against even its former allies and its savage form of justice led the central al Qaeda command to disown its affiliate earlier this year , but the group 's leader , Abu Bakr al Baghdadi , vowed to remain in Syria and fight all who oppose him , even fellow jihadists . The founders of the peaceful campaign "  Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently " say they will succeed where others have failed . "  The word is often more powerful than the bullet , and the will of the people is the most powerful of all , " Abu Ibrahim says . 25 children killed in elementary school bombing , Syrian activists say	An eyewitness and his pictures document a Syrian scene meant to send a message Bodies are strung up on crosses in the city of Raqqa An al Qaeda splinter group -- ISIS -- says it 's a lesson for any who dare challenge it An effort is underway by local activists to try to push ISIS out of Raqqa
New York  CNN  -- A heat wave of historic proportions could strike some Northeastern states as forecasters warn of prolonged triple-digit temperatures that could trigger "  a dangerous situation , " the National Weather Service advised Monday . The Weather Service has issued an excessive heat advisory for several Northeastern cities to take effect Monday afternoon as humidity levels gradually increase , producing heat index values to persist and surpass 100 degrees . Excessive heat advisories have been issued for the Philadelphia metropolitan area until Wednesday evening , and in New York City , a heat advisory is in effect from to 2 p.m. Monday until 6 p.m. Tuesday as high humidity levels and high temperatures linger for two consecutive days , the Weather Service reported . The increase in humidity , matched by weather patterns , may force the Weather Service to issue additional heat advisories for central New Jersey , northeastern Maryland and central and southern Delaware . The Weather Service advised people affected by the heat to "  drink plenty of fluids , " stay out of the sun and in air-conditioned rooms , and to check up on relatives and neighbors . iReport : Share your favorite hot weather activities and cool-down tricks New York City residents are advised to call 311 to find cooling centers and obtain "  beat the heat " safety instructions , the Weather Service reported . A heat wave is considered to be a stretch of more than 90-degree temperatures . Tuesday is expected to be the hottest day of the stretch , with highs ranging from 100 to 102 degrees and heat index values up to 106 , the Weather Service warned . Toronto simmers at sunrise According to the Weather Service , in the 40-year period from 1936 through 1975 , nearly 20,000 people were killed in the United States by the effects of heat and solar radiation . And in the heat wave of 1980 , more than 1,250 people died , the Weather Service said .	National Weather Service issues excessive-heat advisory for several northeastern cities Triple digit temperatures that could trigger "  a dangerous situation , " weather officials said . Tuesday is expected to be the hottest day .
CNN  -- Islamist fighters battling for control of Somalia have threatened to close Mogadishu 's only airport , warning all airlines to stop flights into the Somali capital by early Tuesday . African Union peacekeepers keep guard recently at the international airport in Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital . "  Any plane which uses or lands at the airport , we will consider it a military plane and we will not be held responsible for what happens to it , " the Al-Shaabab militia said in a Web posting . The statement said the airport would be closed at 1 a.m. Tuesday  6 p.m. ET Wednesday  . The statement was posted on www.kataaib.net , a Web site frequently used by Al-Shaabab . A graphic posted along with the statement shows a plane about to land at Mogadishu 's international airport . As the plane approaches , a man with a shoulder-fired missile appears and a red-circle target is placed over the plane . The Somali word for "  Warning ! " flashes at the same time . Nairobi , Kenya-based Daallo Airlines , which operates flights four times a week into Mogadishu , is "  monitoring the situation , " the company 's chief executive officer told CNN . "  We have n't received any warning directly , " Howard Leedham said . He said he was made aware of Al-Shaabab 's warning through the local media , and would not say if any of the four weekly flights would be canceled or rescheduled as a result . "  All I can say is we 're monitoring the situation very closely , " Leedham said . "  We have employees down there , and so we 're monitoring the situation . " Maj. Barigye Ba-Hoku , a spokesman for African Union forces in Somalia -- many of whom are based at Mogadishu 's airport -- said he has not received an official warning from Al-Shaabab about the airport 's closure , but "  we take the warning seriously . " "  We have taken precautionary measures , but that 's all we can do , " Ba-Hoku told CNN . Al-Shaabab is an Islamic militia that has launched a bloody battle to seize control of Somalia and oust Ethiopian forces , which are helping Somali government forces try to rout the Islamic fighters . It is a splinter group of the Islamic Courts Union , which pushed out Somalia 's transitional government in 2006 . The ICU was deposed in December of that year following Ethiopia 's military intervention . In its statement , Al-Shaabab said it has been forced to shut down the airport because it is being used by a variety of "  infidel forces , " including Ethiopia , Burundi , and Uganda . Burundi and Ugandan forces make up the bulk of the AU mission in Somalia . Al-Shaabab also said U.S. and Israeli security officials "  regularly " land at the airport . "  So based on all these issues , we -- Al-Shaabab fighters -- are notifying all business people in Mogadishu , particularly to those of the airlines , that the airport is officially closed from the date on 16th September , " it said . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	NEW : Airline CEO says situation being monitored , does n't comment on flights Al-Shaabab militants threaten flights with statement , graphic on Web African Union forces spokesman says he 's not received official warning Al-Shaabab group is seeking to oust Ethiopian forces from Somalia
Beheira Province , Egypt  CNN  -- Amre Moussa sweeps through chaotic crowds in Egypt 's Beheira province , hailed in the pandemonium by his supporters as "  ar-rayis , " the president . In the nation 's first democratic presidential election , Moussa is one of a few candidates who can boast of any practical government experience . He served as foreign minister under Hosni Mubarak and headed the Arab League . Now , he 's one of the top contenders in the voting to be held Wednesday and Thursday . Experience , however , can be a thorn in a nation where 18 days of fervent , anti-government uprising last year toppled Mubarak 's decades-long dictatorship . Moussa , 75 , is intent on turning that liability into gain . "  They have to select and elect a president who can do the job , not a president beginner who will just get into learning or quarreling with others , " Moussa says between campaign stops through Egypt 's Nile Delta region . And he has been trying to reassure Egyptians that a vote for him is not a betrayal of the revolution . "  We want to ensure that every citizen in all of Egypt -- in the north , south , east and west -- that the state is moving in the right way to progress and to respond to people 's requirements , " he said in a televised debate earlier this month . Moussa 's message has been resonating with Egyptians in all sectors of society . Among them the wealthy industrialists and Coptic Christians who believe Moussa can help stem the tide of Islamism . But Moussa also has support in poorer , more densely populated provinces , where people long for the stability associated with the old regime . "  We need a leader to steer this ship and Amre Moussa can do it , " says Suhair , a nurse in the Delta . "  He 's a diplomat . He 's been around the world and can work with other countries to help Egypt . " Campaign manager Hisham Youssef says supporters see Moussa as a healing force in a turbulent time . "  He has been working on issues pertaining to reconciliation all over the Arab world for the last decade or two , " Youssef told NPR . "  So this is one of the reasons why he can be instrumental in trying to achieve the objective of reconciliation and healing at a time when Egypt needs that most . " Moussa graduated in 1957 from Cairo University with a law degree . The following year , he joined Egypt 's foreign ministry , launching a long career in diplomacy . He served as Egypt 's ambassador to the United Nations as well as to India before Mubarak named him foreign minister in 1991 . Moussa was popular in that role , channeling anger at Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel in his favor with vociferous criticism of his Jewish neighbors . He was even the subject of a popular song in 2000 with these lyrics : "  I hate Israel but I love Amre Moussa . " "  You might think that such Israel-bashing lyrics would cause some discomfort for an official whose job at the time involved his country 's ultra-sensitive diplomatic relations with the Jewish state , " says a 2001 Time magazine story . But not for Moussa apparently . "  I was kind of gratified , " Moussa told Time , while puffing on a Cuban cigar . "  Why should it bother me ? It is a message : We ca n't accept injustice done to the Palestinians . " The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs described him as "  no ordinary Egyptian government official " who "  has achieved enormous popularity because of the charismatic style with which he has dealt with the Israelis . " Moussa says his goal now is to reclaim his homeland 's position as the Arab world 's most influential nation . "  My point of reference is Egypt . Nothing else , " he says in between Delta campaign stops in hot , stuffy tents . He begins to talk about ways to deal with international treaties but celebratory gunfire drowns his voice , interrupting his thoughts . But he has made it clear that his opinions are not those of Mubarak 's , including on Israel . "  Mubarak had a certain policy , it was his own policy and I do n't think we have to follow this , " Moussa recently told The Wall Street Journal . "  We want to be a friend of Israel , but it has to have two parties , it is not on Egypt to be a friend . Israel has to be a friend , too . " He has frequently been cited as the civilian figure Egyptians would elect as president if they had a real choice , according to The Wall Street Journal article . Mubarak sent off Moussa to become secretary-general of the Arab League in 2001 , a move rife with rumors that the dictator felt threatened by his minister 's popular standing . Now , with Egypt 's political landscape vastly changed , Moussa is poised to take the helm . But not everyone wants to see him assume the nation 's top job and Moussa finds himself in a delicate dance with Egypt 's new kingmakers -- the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and the Islamists . Both are certain to demand concessions in exchange for support . Moussa is likely the military 's choice , according to Isobel Coleman , senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations . He has "  vowed to give the military a voice in key policy decisions through a national security council that would include top military officers , " Coleman wrote in a CNN.com commentary . In many ways , the election is a battle between an Islamic vision of Egypt and a more secular , nationalist one . A chunk of Egyptians favor a stronger role for Islam . Moussa is not their man . Moussa runs into some of his opposition in the Delta , where some accuse him of being a "  faloul , " a derogatory term for a holdover from the Mubarak regime . One young man defiantly displays a poster of Mohamed Morsi , the candidate of the formerly banned Muslim Brotherhood . Above , on a balcony , a veiled woman and her children show their disapproval with a thumbs down . Campaigning is a new thing for people in the Delta , and for that matter , everywhere in Egypt , and Moussa is determined to meet voters , go places where Mubarak never did . He has visited each of Egypt 's 27 governorates during his presidential campaign . On some of his campaign stops , the voices of the people are louder than his . They demand youth employment , relief for indebted farmers and an end to corruption . Moussa carries on amid a cacophony of fireworks , horns , loudspeakers and the distinct roar of the crowd . And hopes that it will pay off at the polls . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Beheira province , Egypt , and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	Amre Moussa has had a long diplomatic career He gained popularity by criticizing Israel when he was Hosni Mubarak 's foreign minister He appeals to a wide spectrum of Egyptian voters He says Egypt needs a leader with experience but some see him as a regime holdover
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- After months of clamoring , the MH370 raw satellite data that families have been demanding may soon be publicized . Until now , Inmarsat , the company whose satellites communicated with the missing plane in its last hours , has said it did n't have the authority to release it . But on Tuesday , Inmarsat and Malaysian authorities said they were trying to make the raw data accessible . "  In line with our commitment towards greater transparency , all parties are working for the release of the data communication logs and the technical description of the analysis for public consumption , " Inmarsat and the Malaysian aviation officials said in a joint statement . "  It must also be noted that the data communication logs is just one of the many elements of the investigation information , " the officials said . The statement did not say when the information would be released . But publication of the raw satellite data could allow for independent analysis of what happened on March 8 , the day Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board . Some relatives of passengers were n't sure what to make of the announcement . "  Their intentions have to be backed by actions , so I 'd like to wait to see when that really happens , " said K.S. Narendran , whose wife was on the plane . "  Secondly , it 's just one piece of the whole amount of data that has been used to conduct the search , " Narendran told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  So when sharing Inmarsat data by itself is important , I think it will be essential as time goes by for the larger set of data to also be made available . " But CNN aviation analyst Jeff Wise said "  the box is going to open " when the data gets publicized . "  It could produce more theories . It will probably cancel out a lot of theories , " he said . Either way , the release will hopefully give "  a much better understanding of what 's been going on all this time . " Inmarsat ` working ' to make raw MH370 data public Conflicting accounts On Monday , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister said the government asked Inmarsat to publicize the satellite data . Malaysian officials told CNN last week that their government did not have the raw data . But Inmarsat officials said the company provided all of it to Malaysian officials "  at an early stage in the search . " "  We 've shared the information that we had , and it 's for the investigation to decide what and when it puts out , " Inmarsat Senior Vice President Chris McLaughlin said last week . But a senior Malaysian official told CNN that the government needed Inmarsat 's help to pass on the data to families "  in a presentable way . " "  We are trying to be as transparent as possible , " the official said . "  We have no issues releasing the data . " Whenever the information comes out , it may help answer questions by critics who are skeptical about where officials have been searching for the plane . Some scientists studying the disappearance and relatives of those on board have become increasingly critical of the lack of public information about why the search has focused on the southern Indian Ocean . Did Inmarsat data point Flight 370 searchers in wrong direction ? Cannes : Movie maker courts controversy with MH370 thriller CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Kuala Lumpur ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Inmarsat and Malaysian officials say they are working to release raw satellite data Families have been clamoring for the information for months The data could allow for an independent analysis of what happened on March 8 "  Their intentions have to be backed by actions , " the husband of a passenger says
CNN  -- Fighting criticism of his controversial remarks on government dependency , Republican challenger Mitt Romney said Wednesday that he would better help poor and middle class Americans than President Barack Obama . Romney and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan also sought to reshape the campaign narrative less than seven weeks before the November vote by accusing Obama of favoring wealth redistribution -- code for socialism among conservatives -- based on a 1998 video of the president as a state Senate candidate in Illinois . America does not work by government making people dependent on government , Romney told a fundraising event in Atlanta , adding "  that will kill the American entrepreneurship that 's lifted our economy over the years . " "  The question of this campaign is not who cares about the poor and the middle class ? I do . He does , " the former Massachusetts governor said to rising cheers . "  The question is who can help the poor and the middle class ? I can ! He ca n't ! " Romney spoke as fellow Republicans appeared divided over his secretly recorded comments from a May 17 fundraiser that were made public this week . "  There are 47 % of the people who will vote for the president no matter what , " Romney said in a clip from the event first posted online on Monday . "  There are 47 % who are with him , who are dependent on government , who believe that , that they are victims , who believe that government has the responsibility to care for them . Who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing . " He also said he would "  never convince " the 47 % of Americans who pay no federal income tax "  that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives . " In response , three GOP Senate candidates in tough races this fall have distanced themselves from Romney 's comments . Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , told CNN on Wednesday that he had a "  a very different view of the world " than what Romney expressed . "  As a United States senator , I think I represent everybody , and I think every vote is important , " Heller said , adding : "  I do n't write off anybody . " A day earlier , Republican Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts and GOP candidate Linda McMahon of Connecticut released campaign statements denouncing Romney 's comments . Some conservative commentators also criticized Romney , questioning whether he understood the conservative principles he championed to win the Republican nomination . "  These appear to be the words of somebody who does n't understand American conservatism and its relationship to the American idea , " wrote journalist John McCormack of the conservative Weekly Standard . "  Conservatives do n't believe in economic determinism . Conservatives know -- and explain why -- their economic policies will help the poor , as well as senior citizens , working families , and our troops who pay no income taxes . " Others on the political right defended Romney 's comments as an accurate assessment of growing societal dependence on government through entitlement and welfare programs that are major contributors to the mounting federal deficit and debt . "  I think the basic point is correct . It 's what this election is about . Do we want a government-centered society ? " said GOP Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin . "  Do we want to continue to build government and grow our debt at an unsustainable level and bankrupt this nation ? Or do we want to start working toward a path of opportunity , success - things that actually make this country great . " ` Anatomy of a leak ' of the Mitt Romney video A flurry of polls this week showed Romney unable to make up ground on Obama and slipping behind in some key battleground states , including Virginia . A new CNN/ORC International survey on Wednesday showed Obama also holding a 52 % -44 % lead in Romney 's birth state of Michigan . Another new poll showed the secretly recorded Romney comments had a moderately negative impact on registered voters so far . The Gallup survey taken Tuesday showed 36 % of registered voters indicated they would be less likely to vote for Romney after the videotapes were released , while 20 % said they were more likely to vote for Romney and 43 % said the comments made no difference . Meanwhile , the Drudge Report on Tuesday posted a video clip of Obama reportedly recorded in 1998 at Loyola University in which he discussed ways to make government more effective . "  I think the trick is figuring out how do we structure government systems that pool resources and hence facilitate some redistribution - because I actually believe in some redistribution , at least at a certain level to make sure that everybody 's got a shot , " Obama says in the clip . Both Ryan and Romney made sure to mention the redistribution reference on the campaign trail on Wednesday . "  President Obama said that he believes in redistribution , " Ryan told supporters in Danville , Virginia . "  Mitt Romney and I are not running to redistribute the wealth . Mitt Romney and I are running to help Americans create wealth . " At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney characterized the GOP attacks as an effort to divert attention from Romney 's controversial remarks . Obama believed in 1998 and still believes that "  there are steps we can take to promote opportunity and ensure that all Americans have a fair shot , if they work hard , " Carney said . "  He certainly does n't believe -- as some apparently do -- that any student who looks for a government-backed loan is looking for a handout or that a senior citizen receiving Social Security is a freeloader or a combat veteran not paying taxes is a victim , " Carney continued , adding : "  When a campaign is having a bad day or a bad week or some might say a bad month ... you sometimes witness an effort that seems desperate to change the subject . " Other Democrats were quick to pile on . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said Romney 's comments showed he only wants to be president of half the country . "  We have a long line of people who are running from Romney as if the Olympics are still on , " Reid quipped about GOP Senate candidates Heller , Brown and McMahon . Obama told the "  Late Show With David Letterman " on Tuesday night that "  one of the things I learned as president is you represent the entire country . If you want to be president , you have to work for everyone . " The Romney remarks , which sparked numerous fact checks , have gained more attention on Facebook than his speech at last month 's Republican National Convention . Democrats pounce on Romney comments Priorities USA , a pro-Obama super PAC , is using the Romney clips in a new television ad to characterize Romney as out of touch with Americans ' economic struggles . The group said Wednesday the commercial would air in Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Ohio , Virginia and Wisconsin , all battlegrounds that Obama won in 2008 and hopes to take again in November . On Tuesday , Ryan said at a campaign stop in North Carolina that Romney 's comments were "  obviously inarticulate " but made the correct point that people have become too dependent on government under Obama . Romney presented the same argument Wednesday in a USA Today op-ed . "  Under President Obama , we have a stagnant economy that fosters government dependency . My policies will create a growing economy that fosters upward mobility , " he wrote . "  Government has a role to play here . Right now , our nation 's citizens do need help from government . But it is a very different kind of help than what President Obama wants to provide . " How candidates are preparing for the debates CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Kevin Liptak , Paul Steinhauser , Shawna Shepherd , Rachel Streitfeld and Eric Weisbrod contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitt Romney says President Obama pushes government dependency Obama tells David Letterman a president has to "  work for everyone " Romney 's leaked remarks get more attention on Facebook than his convention address Paul Ryan calls Romney 's remarks "  inarticulate " but insists they make a point
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . London , England  VBS.TV  -- As well as going to exotic places like Liberia , North Korea and Sudan , VBS also makes films in our London office 's beloved United Kingdom . The latest one was made by myself and a young filmmaker called Leo Leigh . Leo 's father is Mike Leigh , who 's made films like "  Naked , " starring David Thewlis . In spring of last year we discovered that the small South Wales city of Swansea had recorded an 180 percent rise in registered heroin users . This happened in just four years , with young people making up the bulk of the increase . It used to be one of the biggest ports in the world , but when Margaret Thatcher helped bring about the end of heavy industry in Britain , the social implications for places like Swansea were dire . Funnily enough , it was Thatcher who signed off on a program that meant heroin addicts would be given access to free , sterile needles . This was after she 'd closed down the mines , docks , and factories . Mass unemployment and heroin addiction have always made fine bedfellows . See the rest of Swansea Love Story And so we went to Swansea and lived with a gang of young addicts for a few months and found out just why addiction to heroin in Britain continues to rise at such an alarming rate . We found out about love , death , the organized sexual abuse of children and the collapse of the family . We stumbled into a race riot , met old sailors , and listened to a wonderful Welsh male choir . We learned about why dragging yourself out of addiction is such a struggle , especially if you 're a teenager who 's the product of two generations of heroin addicts and whose great-grandfathers were miners , sailors , and steelworkers . Mainly , though , we filmed the young people from Swansea who make up the statistics about drug use in modern Britain . The poor young souls in tattered clothes you cross the street to avoid ? This film is all about them . We called it Swansea Love Story .	The city of Swansea saw a 180 percent increase in heroin use in just four years A VBS crew followed a group of addicts for a firsthand look at the epidemic The addicts ' stories reveal organized sexual abuse of children and collapse of family
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- World powers beefed up financial and moral support for the Libyan opposition Thursday at an international coalition meeting aimed at charting the course of a post-Moammar Gadhafi Libya . Talk at the meeting in the United Arab Emirates focused on sustaining pressure on the embattled Libyan leader . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said "  numerous and continuous discussions " on a transition of power were taking place among people close to Gadhafi . A spokesman for a Libyan opposition group told CNN that Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , was the primary negotiator for an exit plan for his father , but suggested the timing of the talks might not be good . "  I 'm not sure there 's a lot of people willing to listen right now , " said Mohammed Ali Abdallah of the National Front for the Salvation of Libya . Abdallah said a southern front had opened up in the fighting and that Gadhafi 's days were numbered . "  We are in the final phases , " Abdallah said . "  Gadhafi 's military power has significantly been reduced . He is basically rattled . " Clinton announced an additional $ 26 million in U.S. aid for the victims of Libya 's ongoing war and said time was on the international coalition 's side so long as Gadhafi faced sustained pressure . "  The violence must stop , " she said . "  Gadhafi must go . " Britain 's minister for the Middle East and North Africa , Alistair Burt , concurred : "  Gadhafi 's regime is crumbling , " he said in a statement . "  He has lost all legitimacy and must go immediately . " Promises of financial assistance flowed at the meeting , the third the international Libya group has held since war erupted . Italy pledged up to $ 580 million to the Libyan opposition 's Transitional National Council -- which is facing a budget shortfall -- to cover its expenses , but not weapons , Foreign Ministry Spokesman Maurizio Massari said . And Kuwait is donating the $ 180 million it promised in April for humanitarian needs , said Sheikh Mohammed Sabah al Salman al Sabah , the Gulf nation 's deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs . France , Italy and Qatar are among a small number of countries that have recognized the Transitional National Council as the legitimate government of Libya . While the United States has yet to officially recognize the rebel government , President Barack Obama "  has invited them to open an office in Washington , " a senior administration official told reporters traveling with Clinton to the meeting in Abu Dhabi . The official spoke on condition of anonymity as a matter of practice for a press background briefing . In Washington , Obama 's choice to lead the Defense Department , Leon Panetta , warned Thursday that if Gadhafi survives as leader of Libya , it could undermine American credibility . "  I think it impacts on our national security interests in the world if that happens , " Panetta said at his Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing . The Obama administration has resisted congressional efforts to end or rein in the Libya mission , which started in March . The Abu Dhabi conference got underway as Gadhafi 's forces launched a new attack against the rebel-held port city of Misrata , the scene of some of the bloodiest fighting in the months-long civil war that has killed thousands of civilians . The assault followed intense NATO bombardment of the capital , Tripoli . The alliance intervened in the conflict in March under a United Nations mandate to protect civilians as Gadhafi tried to crush the armed revolt against him . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told CNN Thursday that the alliance has carried out more than 10,000 airstrikes that have damaged or destroyed more than 1,800 military targets , and have "  considerably degraded Gadhafi 's war machine . " Rasmussen predicted the end was near for Gadhafi . "  Well no one knows exactly what will be the endgame , but I think the endgame is approaching , and this is the reason why we have strongly encouraged international organizations -- and notably the United Nations -- to speed up the preparations for that day , " he said . But Gadhafi has vowed not to step down . "  We will not surrender , " he said this week during a live audio broadcast as NATO warplanes bombed his Tripoli compound . In Misrata , rebels reported intense shelling by Gadhafi 's forces from three sides . It was the bloodiest day of fighting in a week , said Dr. Khaled Abu Falgha , a spokesman at Misrata 's Hekma hospital . Rebel spokesman Ibrahim Beit-elmal said Gadhafi forces failed Wednesday in their attempt to enter the city on the three front lines . He said the rebels had gotten most of their weapons by taking them from Gadhafi forces "  as spoils of war . " Beit-elmal said Gadhafi 's latest tactic has been to send girls to join the front-line fighting . "  We arrested three , then let them go , " he said . He said a high-ranking officer defected this week from Gadhafi 's forces and joined the rebel forces on the front . In all , he said , 15 of Gadhafi 's officers have surrendered and joined the rebel forces . In Zlitan , fighters attacked Gadhafi forces Thursday , taking four of their vehicles , but they failed to establish complete control , he said . This week , 22 rebel fighters were killed in the fighting , with many others wounded -- including 45 who were injured Wednesday , he said . Most of the casualties occurred on the western and eastern front lines . More than 100 members of Gadhafi 's forces were killed Wednesday , half of them on the southern front  of Abdul-Rauf  , said Fathi Bashaagha , Misrata military-NATO coordinator . More than 1,000 people are believed to have been killed since fighting began there in early February , including 686 civilians who lived in the city , he said . Misrata has been under siege for months by Gadhafi 's forces , who have cut off all land access . The only escape route is by sea . The Transitional National Council , based in the de facto rebel capital of Benghazi in eastern Libya , has been seeking international support , including money , in its battle to oust Gadhafi . Meanwhile , the International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor said a decision was expected within days from judges at the Hague on whether to charge Gadhafi and two others with crimes against humanity . Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo is seeking the arrest of the Libyan leader and two relatives -- his son Saif al-Islam and brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi -- accusing them of "  widespread and systematic " attacks on civilians as they struggle to hold power . Moreno-Ocampo told CNN that investigators have evidence that Gadhafi ordered rapes as part of his campaign to hold on to power . He said Libya 's acts of brutality were not the works of low-level soldiers , but that orders were coming from the top . The arrests the court is seeking , Moreno-Ocampo said , would "  stop the rapes , stop the killings , stop the torture . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Charley Keyes , Jamie Crawford , Jenifer Fenton and Max Foster contributed to this report .	Panetta warns that Gadhafi 's staying in power could undermine U.S. credibility An opposition spokesman says Moammar Gadhafi is rattled Hillary Clinton says people close to Gadhafi have been in transition talks World powers pledge more money for the Transitional National Council
CNN  -- A federal jury ruled Friday that Samsung must pay $ 119.6 million more to Apple over patent infringements , according to court documents filed by the U.S. District Court of Northern District of California , San Jose division . The ruling is the latest development in the long-running legal battle between the two tech giants . While certainly not insignificant , Friday 's decision was by no means a total victory for Apple : The Cupertino , California-based company had actually sought a much higher sum from Samsung , and the jury only sided with it on two of the four patent infringements that it claimed . And according to the court documents , Apple must pay Samsung more than $ 158,000 for patent infringement accusations filed by the Korean smartphone maker . In a statement , Apple said the latest ruling "  reinforces what courts around the world have already found : that Samsung willfully stole our ideas and copied our products . " "  We are fighting to defend the hard work that goes into beloved products like the iPhone , which our employees devote their lives to designing and delivering for our customers , " the company said . This decision marks another -- and almost definitely not the final -- chapter in the years-long fight between Apple and Samsung . The two companies are embroiled in dozens of patent disputes in courts around the world . Apple has typically been the aggressor in alleging Samsung of "  slavishly " copying aspects of its iPhone and iPad technology , though Samsung has levied a few patent infringement accusations of its own . In August 2012 , Samsung was found to have violated several of Apple 's patents , and a jury ruled that Samsung owed Apple more than $ 1 billion in damages . U.S. District Court Judge Lucy Koh later said that the jury miscalculated the award , and about $ 450 million worth of those damages were reconsidered in a new trial . Then , last November , a federal jury ordered Samsung to pay $ 290 million in damages on top of the $ 640 million in damages that Judge Koh upheld . But it 's not likely that decision is final , as both companies have appealed the original August 2012 ruling . An appeal of Friday 's ruling , too , is still possible -- from either party . CNN 's Anne Claire Stapleton and Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	NEW : Apple says the decision "  reinforces ... that Samsung willfully stole our ideas " A federal jury rules Samsung must pay Apple $ 119.6 million Apple accused Samsung of patent infringement in its smartphone technology Apple must also pay Samsung a much smaller amount for infringement claims filed
CNN  -- The scoreboard was clear . Winner : 11-year-old Sebastien De La Cruz , "  El Charro de Oro "  the golden horseman  who became a national story after he sang the national anthem at Game 3 of the NBA playoff series between the San Antonio Spurs and Miami Heat and showed a lot of a talent , heart and class . Losers : The haters and racists who -- displaying a lot of ignorance -- hid behind the anonymity of Twitter to spew venom and attack the little guy because they thought that no one dressed in a mariachi outfit was certified American enough to sing "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " Here 's a sample : "  This lil Mexican snuck in the country like 4 hours ago now he 's singing the anthem " -- Francois@A2daO "  Who dat lil #Wetback sangin the national anthem at the #Heat game ???? " -- TJ THA DJ@Tj_Tha_Dj "  Ca n't believe they had the nerve to have a beaner sing the national anthem of AMERICA #smh " -- THE_GREAT_WHITE@bdub597 "  Is this the American National Anthem or the Mexican Hat Dance ? Get this lil kid out of here " -- StevenDavid@A1R_STEVEN "  So illegal aliens can sing The National Anthem @ games now ? " -- Mr.CheckYaDm@DJ_BMONEY What does it mean to be an American anyway ? Here 's a quiz : On one hand , you have someone who goes before a national audience and shows his love for a country where dreams come true . On the other , you have an angry mob filled with hatred and racism that , cloaked in the anonymity of Twitter , spews invective at a child . Now , which do you think represents what it means to be an American ? Who do you want to claim ? And who would you send packing ? The United States looks out for the powerless , the downtrodden and the oppressed . Our system of government -- a constitutional republic -- protects the minority because majorities can protect themselves . Meanwhile , De La Cruz took the high road . Boy returns for NBA encore in mariachi suit "  For those that said something bad about me , I understand it 's your opinion , " Sebastien told CNN . "  I 'm a proud American and live in a free country . It 's not hurting me . It 's just your opinion . " Later , he discussed the backlash with reporters . "  To be honest , " he said , "  It 's just the people how they were raised . My father and my mother told me that you should never judge people by how they look . You should judge them on the inside . And the saying that I go by is never judge a book by its cover . " I do n't have that kind of self-restraint . When I hear stories like this , I get sad . Then , I get enraged . I mean , enough is enough ! De La Cruz is a Mexican-American born in San Antonio . That means he is part of a community that has -- since Manifest Destiny , the U.S.-Mexican War and the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848 -- put up with more than 100 years of discrimination and mistreatment at the hands of those who consider themselves superior . Even if , as the racist tweets show , they do n't always act in ways that convey this alleged sense of superiority . The part about De La Cruz being Mexican-American , as opposed to a Mexican immigrant , is essential to the story . It 's a complicated road . "  They do n't know my life , " he told reporters about his tormentors . "  My father was actually in the Navy for a really long time ... People do n't know , they just assume that I 'm just Mexican . But I 'm not from Mexico . I 'm from San Antonio born and raised , a true San Antonio Spurs fan . " When De La Cruz did an interview with Univision , the Spanish-language network , he did it in English . And this is what the nativists were worried about -- that Mexican-Americans are not assimilating ? The next chapter will be where some Mexican-Americans actually turn on De La Cruz for appearing to distance himself from Mexico . If they do , they 'll look as silly as the nativists . The "  distance " is already there . He 's not a Mexican . He 's a Mexican-American . There is a difference . Finally , thanks to the San Antonio Spurs -- and especially some good people in the front office -- a story that had many Latinos , and other Americans , seething had a Hollywood ending . De La Cruz was invited back to perform an encore of the national anthem at Game 4 . Flanked by San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro , and his wife Erica -- the boy returned to center stage and belted out an even stronger performance the second time around . I bet there was n't a dry eye in the arena . As for the haters , they did what bullies usually do when someone stands up to them . They ran and hid , disabling their Twitter accounts or deleting their comments . For De La Cruz , who was aware of the comments and the controversy but managed to stay above it , the call-back was n't political but personal . "  To be invited back to sing the national anthem is just amazing because now I know the San Antonio Spurs like how I sing , " Sebastien said . "  It makes me feel like I 'm doing something legendary . " The rest of us know that the encore was about more than the boy 's talent . This was a message . The San Antonio Spurs is a classy outfit that boldly took a stand against bigotry and ignorance . Naturally . It was the American thing to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	11-year-old Mexican-American who sang national anthem is bashed on social media Ruben Navarrette : The boy is more American than his racist critics He was invited back by the San Antonio Spurs and got cheers for his encore
Washington  CNN  -- Just hours after taking office , the new House of Representatives reinstated a team of ethics investigators that had faced what seemed like a certain death due to lawmakers ' inaction . Overshadowed by the recent fiscal cliff hubbub , lawmakers from the last session had neglected to decide whether or not to renew the Office of Congressional Ethics . Last week , CNN reported on the concerns among public interests groups that lawmakers were purposely trying to kill the OCE through their inaction to avoid future ethics investigations . The House on Thursday night voted in new rules to reauthorize the OCE , and also added language that would allow members -- whose terms were set to expire -- to continue on the board . The OCE is considered to be one of the most important watchdogs in Washington . It 's the only quasi-independent government body that 's sole mandate is to formally investigate members of Congress . It was formed just four years ago when then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi and others declared they wanted to "  drain the swamp " of scandals and corruption in Washington . Among the biggest scandals that prompted action was that of Jack Abramoff , a former lobbyist , who admitted in 2006 to illegally showering gifts on officials in exchange for favors . The probe into those allegations led to convictions or guilty pleas for 20 lobbyists and public officials -- including a member of the House and several aides to congressmen . Other scandals included those tied to former Reps. Tom DeLay , Mark Foley , William Jefferson and Duke Cunningham . Since its creation in 2008 , the OCE has launched more than 100 investigations of lawmakers , raising serious questions about possible congressional misdeeds . In about one third of its investigations , the OCE found that House ethics , and sometimes federal laws , were likely violated . Those 37 cases were referred to the House Ethics Committee for further review . House Speaker John Boehner and House Democratic leader Pelosi had previously said they would reauthorize the OCE and appoint new members . But the issue was recently overshadowed by the down-to-the-wire fiscal cliff negotiations . In many of its hard-hitting investigations , the OCE has confronted legislators about their actions , raising sensitive questions about possible conflicts of interest , financial reports , missing financial information , and even questions about the legality of some lawmakers ' actions . There are other watchdogs for ethics within the Congress -- the House Ethics Committee , and the Senate Select Committee on Ethics . But these internal committees are often criticized for doing almost nothing because they are in the awkward position of investigating their own members and close colleagues . By contrast , the OCE is an outside body , widely seen as being objective . It is made up of experts , including some former members of Congress , who are nominated and approved by Boehner and Pelosi . However , the OCE can not take disciplinary action against the lawmakers it finds are likely to have violated ethics or federal law -- so it has to refer its most serious investigations to the House Ethics Committee . Out of the 37 cases it received from the OCE , the House Ethics Committee meted out formal punishment only on two occasions . Supporters of the OCE say it has helped put a spotlight on lawmakers ' conduct . "  The OCE has forced members of Congress to take ethics more seriously , " said Melanie Sloan , a former federal prosecutor who now directs Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington  CREW  . "  It has forced the  House  Ethics Committee to act and has let all members of Congress know that they 're not going to be able to skate by like they have for so many years , with unethical conduct just going on . " But critics say it sometimes casts too wide of a net in its investigations . "  They accept anonymous complaints made by anonymous individuals and then have the resources to conduct an investigation which can become a fishing expedition , " said Rep. Hank Johnson , D-Georgia . Rep. Brad Miller , D-North Carolina said he believes there should be a way for the American public to raise issues about the conduct of their representatives in Washington . But , he added , "  Some of what the OCE has sent to the Ethics Committee was actually really flimsy . I mean , conduct that if you have any idea what the real world is like , you would know was not ethically questionable or if it is , everything that happens in politics is ethically questionable . " And if the accusation is referred to the Ethics Committee , Miller said that 's "  like torture " for lawmakers . "  It 's like being charged with a crime , " he said . CNN 's Joe Johns and Rahel Solomon contributed to this report Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Newly sworn-in House approved independent ethics board on Thursday night Office of Congressional Ethics was created in 2008 amid a wave of scandals It 's investigated 100 instances of possible misconduct by members of Congress
CNN  -- Arizona 's divisive SB1026 -- which supporters claim protected religious freedom , and critics say served as cover for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians -- did n't come from nowhere . It took time to hash out among both state lawmakers and interest groups . In this case , advocates from the Arizona Center for Policy and Alliance Defending Freedom -- whose website says it "  coordinates legal efforts  for  Christian legal and policy organizations " all across the United States and in 31 countries -- were among those who played a part in crafting the legislation . But from where , or from whom , did the impetus come ? And who paid for the Arizona push and similar ones in a host of other states ? America may never know . The reason has to do partly with the often collaborative , coordinated way that legislation takes shape . Numerous players inside and outside government , and based inside and outside of Arizona , helped make it happen . Some of them spoke publicly ; others worked behind the scenes . Plus , it takes money to coordinate and spread such a message and legislative proposals nationwide . Good luck tracking such funds , given the ways that groups -- known as 501c4s -- can pop up overnight , spend money on causes and campaigns  without disclosing their donors  , then disappear . "  Because there are holes in the disclosure regime , " said Ian Vandewalker from New York University law school 's Brennan Center for Justice , "  there are things that we just do n't know . " Efforts under way in at least 14 states Other states have proposed legislation aimed at protecting what their authors call "  religious freedom . " Some essentially use identical language . For instance bills in Arizona , Georgia and Ohio all contain these words : " ` Exercise of religion ' means the practice or observance of religion ... including the ability to act or refusal to act in a manner substantially motivated by a ... religious belief . " This congruence is n't a coincidence . It 's not uncommon for legislation born one place to be copied -- sometimes word-for-word -- somewhere else . State-by-state breakdown of ` religious freedom ' initiatives But absent explicit proof , it 's hard to say that one person or one donor is behind any such effort . As the head of the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center 's American Religious Freedom program , Brian Walsh , says , "  a couple of dozen organizations  might be involved  with any legislation . " Walsh , who says his group "  defends religious freedom for all faiths " and has "  probably consulted on 12 to 15 different types of legislation in states over the past couple years , " says the push for such bills stems from a belief that , since 1990 , the U.S. "  Supreme Court does not protect religious freedom as a matter of constitutional law . "  His group was more deeply involved in pending legislation in places like Kansas , according to Walsh . "  At that point , ... anybody who had any degree of foresight knew you were going to have conflicts over religious freedom , " Walsh said of what he calls the fateful Supreme Court ruling , Employment Division v. Smith . In that case , the plaintiffs were denied unemployment benefits in Oregon after being fired from their jobs for using peyote in a ceremony associated with their Native American Church . The Supreme Court sided with the state , saying the plaintiffs still had a responsibility to follow state law if that law is not specifically targeted toward that religion . Not everyone agrees that there 's a crisis at hand , including conservative Republicans like Brewer . "  Senate Bill 1062 does not address a specific and present concern related to religious liberty in Arizona , " Brewer said Wednesday to explain her veto . "  I have not heard of one example in Arizona where a business owner 's religious liberty has been violated . " The money trail Regardless of whether one thinks it 's justified , there 's no doubt that many efforts are actively under way along similar lines . CNN counted 14 legislative initiatives in various states similar to Arizona 's . But it typically takes more than ideas for such a national push : It takes influence and money . But where that influence and money are coming from is hard to decipher . That 's because of how money moves , and is spent , in politics -- especially on hot-button issues that , from the standpoint of many in the public , emerge out of nowhere . For one thing , as Vandewalker notes , the federal government "  has its own set of rules and each state has its own set of rules about what has to be disclosed and what can be spent . " Under the federal rules alone , a lot of information does n't have to be released , says Robert Maguire from the Center for Responsive Politics . The groups known as 501c4s are officially corporations that , per the law , can spend as they wish . At some point , they might spell out their spending in tax forms but , by then , the issue may be over and the group -- which needs little more than a P.O. Box to set up shop -- might no longer be operational . "  With an issue like  the ` religious freedom ' issue  , where there is suddenly ... a large number of debates , it 's entirely possible that groups have popped up , and nobody knows anything about them , " Maguire said . " ... It 's becoming more common to have these churning networks of money so that nobody can track it . " He and Vandewalker both say this kind of spending is "  happening more and more " since the U.S. Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United ruling , which gave big businesses , unions and nonprofits more power to spend freely in federal elections . "  There was a kind of cultural change after that , it opened this Pandora 's box about outside spending , " said Vandewalker . "  Outside spending exploded . " What 's next ? So what are the chances that any of this -- whether it has to do with movements of religious freedom/anti-gay bills or the sometimes mysterious players behind them -- changes ? While some are demanding change , there appears to be no real momentum in Washington for significant campaign finance reform that might make it easier to determine who is behind these efforts . While some key figures may come out publicly in support of reform , it 's hard to tell who exactly is leading the way behind the scenes or even how widespread this push is . What will happen with these bills in other states , though , remains to be seen . It 's not a good sign when a Republican governor -- a conservative widely known nationally for her support for a controversial law that some felt unfairly targets Hispanics -- not only vetoes a proposal , as Brewer did in Arizona , but blasts the proposal so thoroughly as ill-timed and unnecessary . Everyone acknowledge that times are changing . The issue of gay rights is example No. 1 : Year after year , voters in state after state passed initiatives overwhelmingly to codify gay marriage bans in their states ' constitutions . But the views have been shifting . Last June , for the first time , a CNN/ORC International poll found a majority of Americans -- 55 % -- backed same-sex marriage , up 11 percentage points from 2008 . A total of 17 states now allow such legal unions , due to actions by voters , state courts or their legislatures . Federal courts have also helped move the needle on the issue , especially over the past year , with district judges striking down constitutional bans and the Supreme Court ruling that same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . Walsh , the American Religious Freedom program 's executive director , believes the "  religious freedom " initiatives now working their way through the various states can succeed even if the Arizona one did not . "  Ten years ago , the bill would have been innocuous and no one would have thought twice about it , " he said , blaming a high "  level of misinformation " for sinking the Arizona bill . "  The whole dialogue about it was unproductive . " In light of what happened , Walsh said there has to be better "  public education " to avoid a repeat of what he called "  this hysterically uninformed approach " by making sure "  the intent of what the legislation says is clear . " He added that there also has to be a deeper , broader discussion within the "  faith community " about their top priorities as well as a need for all "  to bend over backwards and take stock of the minority  faiths '  interests . " However this process unfolds , Walsh said the fight is n't over . "  The faith community , in general , needs to take stock in the state of religious freedom , " he said , " ... so that the public gets a better idea of what religious freedom is  and that it  needs to be addressed . " CNN 's Halimah Abdullah contributed to this report .	Arizona 's governor vetoes a "  religious freedom " bill that critics ripped as anti-gay It 's one of several such initiatives that have been floated in at least 14 states Federal , state disclosure laws make it difficult to determine who 's behind this push
CNN  -- I was going through my Twitter feed Monday morning when I came across this : "  Happy greatest day of the year , #Boston ! " And so it is . Or was , until about 2:50 p.m. , when explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon transformed a celebration into a scene of carnage . What matters now , needless to say , are the victims â $ " the dead , the injured and their families and friends . But if you are looking for some insight into Boston at this horrible moment , it helps to understand why our marathon matters and where it fits into our civic psyche . Why it was , until Monday , our greatest day of the year . To begin with , Marathon Monday is a holiday â $ " Patriots Day , an annual commemoration of the Battles of Lexington and Concord . Not everyone has the day off , but many do , including schoolchildren , for whom this is the first day of spring vacation . That 's why so many people descend on the marathon every year , and why so many people found themselves in harm 's way . In a city and a region obsessed with tradition , you could n't ask for more than the oldest marathon in the country coinciding with patriotic re-enactments of colonials versus redcoats , all playing out against the backdrop of the budding spring . Today was cool but sunny , and -- finally -- with not a filthy black snowbank in sight . It 's a time of year that gives us hope of better days to come . Rothkopf : In the face of terror , keep calm To complete the celebration , Patriots Day marks the annual 11 a.m. Red Sox game at Fenway Park , an utterly local tradition concocted so baseball crowds would n't get in the way of marathon crowds . The runners stream through Kenmore Square , a block away from where other , considerably better-paid athletes are engaged in more sedentary pursuits . The Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3-2 on Monday . There was n't much time to celebrate . The explosions came less than an hour later . As a spectator sport , the Boston Marathon probably hit its peak in the 1970s , when local favorites Bill Rodgers and Joan Benoit Samuelson were dominating the race . These days , it 's more of a pure spectacle , and I doubt many of those watching could name even one of the East African runners who have won in recent years . To be honest , I have never attended the marathon in person , let alone run in it . My only direct involvement came in the early 1990s , when I worked as editor of the official program for several years . It is , nevertheless , something that all of us here take pride in . Moreover , just about everyone has a personal connection . We all know people who were running in it , and perhaps we donated to the charitable cause they had registered with so they could gain entry . As the terrible news began to spread , my Facebook feed was filled with messages from people I know telling me they were all right , or asking if someone else had been heard from . I am not privy to what sort of security arrangements go into planning the Boston Marathon , but there 's only so much you can do along a 26.2-mile route that passes through seven cities and towns in addition to Boston . As I write this , there is some speculation that bombs may have been placed in trash cans . That may or may not prove to be accurate , but can you imagine securing every trash can , every manhole , every nook and cranny from Hopkinton to Boston ? Sadly , the marathon will not be the same after today . Security will be tightened , and it will transform what had been a joyful and carefree experience into something else . "  Boston is a tough and resilient town , " President Obama said in his White House remarks Monday evening . And we are . The marathon will go on . The Patriots Day tradition will continue . But it may also be a long time , if ever , before anyone again refers to this as our "  greatest day of the year . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Kennedy .	Dan Kennedy : Before Monday , the Boston Marathon marked city 's annual "  Greatest Day " It brings the marathon , Patriots Day and an 11 : AM Red Sox game ; kids are off from school Kennedy : Marathon is 26.2 miles , in future , must every mile be checked for bombs ? Celebration of patriotism , pride , Spring 's return irretrievably marred by bomb horror , he says
A convoy of British diplomats made it safely into Tunisia from Libya despite an attack on its vehicles Sunday , British officials said . "  There was an attempted carjacking of a British Embassy convoy this morning , " UK Ambassador Michael Aron said in a Twitter posting Sunday . "  Shots were fired at our vehicles but all safe . " Several Western embassies , including those of Britain and the United States , were evacuated over the weekend as heavy militia violence raged in the Libyan capital , Tripoli . The German government renewed its "  urgent call for citizens to leave Libya " because of the dangers of kidnappings and fighting . Britain warned its citizens against all travel to Libya and asked that any of them in the country "  leave now " by commercial means , which is made difficult by the limited flights out of the main airport . ` Libya is reaching a critical stage ' Fighting in Tripoli and Benghazi is the worst seen since the revolution that overthrew the regime of Moammar Gadhafi nearly three years ago . The central government has been outgunned by increasingly powerful militias . Witnesses reported heavy shelling and fighting around the Tripoli international airport Sunday , which has been under attack by an alliance of powerful militias from the city of Misrata and Islamist militias . The fighters are trying to take it from militias from the city of Zintan , which have controlled it since the 2011 revolution . Dozens of people , including some women and children , died in fighting in Benghazi in recent days , according to the Libyan state news agency . Intense shelling continued Sunday , the reports said . Violence erupted in Benghazi last Monday when Islamist militias attacked military bases in the city . The Libyan Health Ministry said at least 32 people who were killed and 62 wounded were taken to the Benghazi medical center on Saturday and Sunday . The ministry counted at least 97 killed and 404 wounded in Tripoli over the past two weeks . The casualty numbers do not count those taken to smaller field hospitals . Envoys from the Arab League , the European Union , France , Germany , Italy , Malta , Spain , the United Kingdom and the United States issued a joint statement Saturday calling for "  a ceasefire from all sides . " "  The situation in Libya is reaching a critical stage . We are deeply concerned about the ongoing violence across the country and its humanitarian consequences , " the envoys said . The statement called for "  a willingness to compromise " by all sides in "  an inclusive political dialogue on the back of the ceasefire agreement . " U.N. ` should play a leading role ' The United Nations "  should play a leading role in reaching a ceasefire in conjunction with the Libyan government and other internal partners , with the full support of the international envoys , " the statement said . The U.N. and other international organizations and businesses temporarily evacuated staff from Libya earlier this month . The envoys also said Libya 's recently elected Council of Representatives "  must have the opportunity to convene according to the time table set out in the law " and "  carry out its tasks in a spirit of inclusiveness , moderation and in the interest of the country . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , at the U.S. Embassy in Paris meeting with the Turkish and Qatari foreign ministers Saturday , called upon various factions to engage in a political process , saying "  the current course of violence would only bring chaos . " Kerry added that due to the "  freewheeling militia violence that is taking place in Tripoli " the U.S. , along with other countries including Turkey , has "  suspended our current diplomatic activities at the Embassy . " ` Robust package of military forces ' standing by The U.S. evacuated its 150 personnel , including 80 U.S. Marines , from the embassy in Tripoli on Saturday . Their convoy drove across the border into Tunisia , U.S. officials confirm to CNN . U.S. officials stress operations have been "  temporarily suspended " until "  the security situation on the ground improves . " The embassy will continue to operate from other locations . A senior State Department official said some of the staff will be sent to other U.S. embassies in the region and others will return to Washington . U.S. President Barack Obama approved the State Department recommendation to temporarily relocate personnel because of the "  ongoing violence resulting from clashes between Libyan militias in the immediate vicinity " of the embassy , a White House official said . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the United States is "  currently exploring options for a permanent return to Tripoli as soon as the security situation on the ground improves . In the interim , staff will operate from Washington and other posts in the region , " Harf said in a statement . "  Securing our facilities and ensuring the safety of our personnel are top Department priorities , and we did not make this decision lightly . Security has to come first . Regrettably , we had to take this step because the location of our embassy is in very close proximity to intense fighting and ongoing violence between armed Libyan factions . " The Pentagon had a "  robust package of military forces " in the vicinity but out of sight , ready to move in if the convoy of evacuees had come under attack . Two F-16s were on combat air patrol overhead , while a drone tracked the convoy to the border and a Navy destroyer watched from offshore in the Mediterranean , CNN learned . An "  airborne response force " of several dozen Marines was on V-22 Osprey aircraft flying nearby , prepared to land and protect the Americans if they came under attack during the transit to the Tunisian border . The Pentagon had pressed for weeks to evacuate the embassy , especially after the Tripoli airport came under repeated militia attack , leaving Americans no way to get out via commercial air , the official said . The decision to use vehicles to drive the Americans across the border was seen as the best low-profile approach to conducting the evacuation rather than sending U.S. military helicopters and troops into Tripoli . This comes nearly two years after attacks on U.S. government facilities in the Libyan city of Benghazi . The assaults of September 11-12 , 2012 , left four Americans dead , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , and spawned political controversy in Washington . Republican lawmakers have claimed the Obama administration tried to mislead the public about the cause of the attacks and should have done more to prevent them . GOP critics say they plan to make Benghazi an issue for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , under whose watch the attacks occurred , should she decide to run for president .	British diplomats are safe after attack on evacuation convoy Germany renews an "  urgent call for citizens to leave Libya " "  The situation in Libya is reaching a critical stage , " envoys say Dozens died in fighting in Benghazi on Saturday , reports say
CNN  The United States and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne , Switzerland , on Thursday that limits Iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon . Expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger . Just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to preemptively blast it before Congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the Iranian leadership warning them away from a deal . The debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light . It will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions . Let us address some of these : The most misleading assertion , despite universal rejection by experts , is that the negotiations ' objective at the outset was the total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran . That is the position of Netanyahu and his acolytes in the U.S. Congress . But that is not and never was the objective . If it had been , there would have been no Iranian team at the negotiating table . Rather , the objective has always been to structure an agreement or series of agreements so that Iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal before the United States and its allies could respond . The new framework has exceeded expectations in achieving that goal . It would reduce Iran 's low-enriched uranium stockpile , cut by two-thirds its number of installed centrifuges and implement a rigorous inspection regime . Another dubious assumption of opponents is that the Iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program . Despite sharp accusations by some in the United States and its allies , Iran denies having such a program , and U.S. intelligence contends that Iran has not yet made the decision to build a nuclear weapon . Iran 's continued cooperation with International Atomic Energy Agency inspections is further evidence on this point , and we 'll know even more about Iran 's program in the coming months and years because of the deal . In fact , the inspections provisions that are part of this agreement are designed to protect against any covert action by the Iranians . What 's more , the rhetoric of some members of Congress has implied that the negotiations have been between only the United States and Iran  i.e. , the 47 senators ' letter warning that a deal might be killed by Congress or a future president  . This of course is not the case . The talks were between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council  United States , United Kingdom , France , China and Russia  plus Germany , dubbed the P5 +1 . While the United States has played a leading role in the effort , it negotiated the terms alongside its partners . If the agreement reached by the P5 +1 is rejected by Congress , it could result in an unraveling of the sanctions on Iran and threaten NATO cohesion in other areas . Another questionable assertion is that this agreement contains a sunset clause , after which Iran will be free to do as it pleases . Again , this is not the case . Some of the restrictions on Iran 's nuclear activities , such as uranium enrichment , will be eased or eliminated over time , as long as 15 years . But most importantly , the framework agreement includes Iran 's ratification of the Additional Protocol , which allows IAEA inspectors expanded access to nuclear sites both declared and nondeclared . This provision will be permanent . It does not sunset . Thus , going forward , if Iran decides to enrich uranium to weapons-grade levels , monitors will be able to detect such a move in a matter of days and alert the U.N. Security Council . Many in Congress have said that the agreement should be a formal treaty requiring the Senate to "  advise and consent . " But the issue is not suited for a treaty . Treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories . For example , the New START treaty limits Russia and the United States to 1,550 deployed strategic warheads . But any agreement with Iran will not be so balanced . The restrictions and obligations in the final framework agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on Iran . The P5 +1 are obligated only to ease and eventually remove most but not all economic sanctions , which were imposed as leverage to gain this final deal . Finally some insist that any agreement must address Iranian missile programs , human rights violations or support for Hamas or Hezbollah . As important as these issues are , and they must indeed be addressed , they are unrelated to the most important aim of a nuclear deal : preventing a nuclear Iran . To include them in the negotiations would be a poison pill . This agreement should be judged on its merits and on how it affects the security of our negotiating partners and allies , including Israel . Those judgments should be fact-based , not based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions .	Richard Klass : Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong , but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile , centrifuges , implement rigorous inspections ; it should be judged on merits , not disinformation
Washington  CNN  -- You do not have to be an investor in the stock market or real estate or looking for a job to be alarmed when several highly regarded observers warn that the United States economy is about to be driven "  off the cliff " by increasing debt , the expiration of tax cuts and the prospect of deep spending cuts . The alarm should concern anyone who cares about our democratic system . The reason we are getting awfully close to the edge is because the Democrats and Republicans are inclined to pull the steering wheel in opposite directions . Granted , alarms are often sounded , but as we shall see shortly , this time there are strong reasons to fear that our gridlocked political system will prevent us from responding before we go over the edge . The most authoritative voice speaking out this time is that of Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve . He stated recently that , "  It is very important to say that if no action were to be taken by the fiscal authorities , the size of the fiscal cliff is such that there is , I think , absolutely no chance that the Federal Reserve could or would have any ability whatsoever to offset that effect on the economy . " Mohamed El-Erian , the highly regarded CEO of the investment management firm Pimco , wrote recently in an article in The Washington Post headline "  The Fiscal Cliff Cometh " that , "  In the next few months , possibly within weeks , markets here and abroad will be looking for signals that our politicians understand the severity of the situation and are able and willing to act appropriately . If clear signals are not forthcoming , markets could react early to the looming trouble , compounding the uncertainties that weigh on the U.S. economy . " The Economist changed the metaphor but not the point . Under the title "  cliff diving , " it predicts that Congress is unlikely to pass a "  grand bargain " before the end of the year and that " -LSB- c -RSB- redit-rating agencies may well lose patience " before lawmakers get their act together . This in turn would lead to higher interest rates that might well push the fragile economy into another recession . The main reason Bernanke and other financial and political observers are worried is that by the end of the year , we will face what might be called a triple witching hour . At that time , the Bush tax cuts will expire and the payroll tax holiday will end . Additionally , Congress has committed itself to cutting spending by about $ 100 billion next year and more than $ 1 trillion over the next decade . If the Bush tax cuts and payroll tax holiday are extended , and Congress wriggles its way out of its commitment to cut spending , the deficit will swell to the point where alarmists see us going the way of Greece . If the Bush tax cuts and payroll holiday are not extended , and Congress lives up to its commitment to cut spending , the drag on the economy will be severe . The economy is expected to decline by 3.5 % to 5 % ; that is , it will be pushed back into a serious recession . No wonder some predict "  Taxmageddon . " Dealing with this dilemma requires political cooperation between the GOP and the Democrats , between both houses of Congress and the president . Few expect the sides to reach a major deal before the elections . That is , under the best of circumstances , we will come close to the edge of the financial cliff because these matters must be settled by the first of the year , and markets often do not wait for the actual date to tank -- they anticipate . Assuming we somehow will be spared until the elections -- what will happen after November 6 ? While that depends on the election results , people should note that the current power setup will be in place until January 20 . Thus , even if Mitt Romney is elected president , Barack Obama will still be in the White House when the master deal must be struck , the Democrats will still have a majority in the Senate , and the GOP will still be able to filibuster and control the House . Ajay Rajadhyaksha of Barclays Capital aptly described the evolving conditions as "  a slow-motion train wreck . " Marion Blakey , president of the Aerospace Industries Association , asked , "  How do you plan for chaos ? It 's almost a unique moment in government because there 's so much at stake . And there 's nothing that inspires confidence that -LSB- a congressional deal -RSB- will get done . " Political theorists hold that democracies need crises to focus leaders ' and voters ' minds and get bickering parties to work together to find a solution . This is not what happened in Greece and may well not be in the cards for several other European nations that are challenged by a similar crisis . I assume we will do better , but investors may do well to pull in their horns , and citizens ought to tell their representatives in no uncertain terms that the time to act in unison is now -- we ca n't afford to risk waiting until after the November election . Fasten your seat belt , because even if it all works out well in the end , it will be a cliffhanger . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Experts warn of a drastic hit to U.S. economy if politicians do n't avert "  fiscal cliff " U.S. faces scary combination of the mounting debt , tax cut expirations , spending cuts Amitai Etzioni : We ca n't afford to wait for after the election to deal with these issues He says markets , credit agencies often anticipate events , rather than wait for them to happen
CNN  -- It 's one thing not to boast about your $ 100,000 yacht . It 's another to be so rich , you actually forget you own one . For two years , the 10-meter-long Rinker 342 Fiesta Vee boat floated in a Swedish marina , its owner nowhere to be seen . The keys were tied to railing on the deck for all to see , adding to the mystery of the abandoned boat in the village of Stromstad , on the south Norwegian border . "  You could just get on board and start it . But no , no one did , " said the area 's police Inspector Christer Fuxborg , on what 's got to be one of the world 's most honest towns . As unpaid mooring costs mounted up , fears began to grow that something terrible had happened to the owner , whom no one had ever seen . Inside the cabin were Norwegian documents dating back to 2008 , one of the few clues police had to the missing sailor . They launched a Facebook appeal , which was picked up by the Norwegian press . Eventually , their mysterious Norwegian owner came forward . It seemed the boat had simply slipped his mind . "  He had forgotten about it , " said Inspector Fuxborg , who declined to disclose the owner 's name . "  I think he must be really rich to forget he owned a boat like this . " "  He was surprised -- he thought he 'd sold it years ago . " Despite being unmaintained for two years , the swish yacht was in good condition . The owner 's biggest concern will now be paying the mooring fees . "  As a guest to the harbor you usually pay a fee of $ 30 to $ 50 per 24 hours , during summer , " said Inspector Fuxborg . "  But I do n't think he 'll have any problem paying it . " See : Stupid stunt ? Sailor walks the mast	How do you ` forget ' a $ 100k boat ? Quite easily it seems Luxury boat left in Swedish harbor for two years , keys on railing Norwegian owner comes forward , thought he sold it years ago
Baghdad  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed at least 35 people and wounded scores more Wednesday at a funeral near a Shiite mosque in northern Iraq , police said . The attack occurred in the ethnically mixed town of Tuz Khurmatu , roughly 56 miles  90 kilometers  south of Kirkuk , and also wounded at least two senior Iraqi government officials . Read related : Car bombs explode across Iraq Among the injured is Ahmed Abdul-Wahed , deputy governor of Salaheddin province , a largely Sunni region in north central Iraq . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad called the bombing "  cowardly and reprehensible . " "  This attack is meant to incite others into violence and is harmful to the interests of all Iraqis , " it said in a statement . "  We extend our condolences to the families of these victims , and hope for the swift recovery of those who were injured . " Last week , a series of car and roadside bombs targeting buses and bus stations rocked predominantly Shiite areas of Iraq and killed 19 people . More than 100 people were wounded in two separate incidents at bus stations in Karbala province , south of Baghdad . Read related : Dozens dead in second day of Iraq violence Last month , at least 208 Iraqi soldiers , police officers and -- mostly -- civilians were killed in attacks , according to figures compiled by Iraq 's Interior , Defense and Health ministries . The uptick in violence has coincided with three weeks of demonstrations in Sunni provinces , including Anbar and Mosul , with protesters demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community .	The attack occurred Wednesday in the ethnically mixed town of Tuz Khurmatu Among the injured is Ahmed Abdul-Wahed , deputy governor of Salaheddin province Last week , a series of car and roadside bombs targeted buses and bus stations Uptick in violence has coincided with three weeks of protests in Sunni provinces
CNN  -- King Abdullah II dismissed Jordan 's cabinet and prime minister on Monday , appointing a leading jurist to take over the government and undertake reforms leading to new election laws and government accountability , according to a statement from the Department of Information and Communication . Awn Khasawneh replaces Marouf Al Bakhit , whom Abdullah appointed as prime minister in February in a similar cabinet shakeout amid protests calling for reform in the Middle Eastern kingdom . At the time , the Royal Court said in a statement that Al Bakhit was to implement "  genuine political reform . " The statement issued Monday in Amman said the king told Khasawneh to form a new government with an eye to a national dialogue on electoral and political party law , the creation of an independent body to oversee elections and a comprehensive review of municipal elections . Khasawneh is also tasked with addressing government transparency and accountability , as well as "  freedom of the media without violation of national unity . " The king also named Faisal Al Shoubaki as the new head of the intelligence , according to a palace offical who was not authorized to speak to the media . He is currently Jordan 's ambassador to Morocco . Khasawneh is a Jordanian jurist and former adviser to the country 's late King Hussein . He has been a member of the International Court of Justice since 2000 , according to his biography on the court 's website . He has also served with the Foreign Affairs Ministry .	NEW : Jordan 's king calls for new government , reforms New prime minister is Jordanian jurist , diplomat Jordan 's king dismisses cabinent and prime minister King Abdullah II appointed the now ousted cabinet in February amid protests
CNN  -- With 17 Grammy awards , $ 75 million in world record sales and a fourth world tour underway , Beyonce is one of the world 's biggest names in show business . From performances at this year 's Superbowl to the presidential inauguration , few celebrities have the success , drive and international cachet of the high profile soulstress . But she does n't just dominate the music charts and the stage ... Beyonce is a global brand and works hard to keep it that way . Her name appears everywhere from fashion labels to fragrance bottles and Pepsi commercials . On the heels of her own HBO documentary ` Life Is But A Dream ' , she and husband Jay-Z were also named the pop music industry 's first billionaire couple . Watch : How Beyonce became businesswoman Forbes also ranked Beyonce as the 32nd most powerful woman in the world last year , estimating her earnings at $ 40 million , a figure likely to grow as she reaps the rewards from her Mrs Carter Show World Tour and lucrative H&M campaign . Through a carefully-managed image , the 31-year-old star shows she can do it all by portraying herself as a sexy performer , an astute businesswoman , a dutiful wife and loving mother and a girl-next-door from Texas . "  Beyonce inspires others to dream because she is always reminding us that she was just a young girl from Houston , Texas , who had a dream to be a performer , and look at her now , " says Cori Murray , entertainment editor of Essence Magazine . "  She had a dream , she envisioned it . Hard work , determination , and this is the result , " sums up Gail Mitchell , senior editor at Billboard Magazine . Family ties The daughter of a hairdresser and an IBM marketing executive , Beyonce took to the stage early . She began performing with a girl band -- later known as Destiny 's Child - at the age of eight , managed by her father Matthew Knowles and his marketing expertise . It took some years before Destiny 's Child made their major label breakthrough by signing with Columbia Records in 1999 with the album "  The Writing 's On The Wall " and two number one singles "  Bills , Bills , Bills " and "  Say My Name . " Matthew Knowles left his job at IBM and remained Beyonce 's manager into her solo career -- which began in 2003 with her album "  Dangerously In Love " -- until 2011 when the pair parted ways . Watch : Beyonce 's father says he 's ` proud ' "  It was hard for me to let her go -- it was hard for both of us to let each other go , " her father later told The Sun newspaper . "  This was not a normal ending of a business agreement . This was a dad and a daughter and it was incredibly painful and it had some difficulties . " Aside from her music , she has mastered the art of celebrity endorsements over the years by striking lucrative deals with Pepsi and L'Oreal and launching fragrances with Tommy Hilfiger . Savvy sponsorship deals Sealing a $ 50 million multi-year deal with Pepsi in December , the partnership includes commercials and print ads as well as a fund to support the singer 's chosen creative projects . Far from featuring old tunes as many ads do , Beyonce 's latest Pepsi commercial previews a new song "  Grown Woman , " which will feature on her forthcoming album . "  Beyonce 's influence in pop culture -LSB- is -RSB- not just in the music industry , but also in the beauty industry and in fashion , " says fashion stylist June Ambrose . "  She has become the poster child in terms of her brand being so well recognized . " The singer and her mother Tina Knowles run a fashion label House of Dereon , named after the star 's seamstress grandmother . She stays involved at every stage of her campaigns , giving her control over her own brand . "  This is not a woman who just lends her name to it and then she is off to her yacht , " says Murray of Essence Magazine . The control extends to her own image . In her current world tour , she refused to accredit press photographers and banned all but authorized pictures from her own entertainment company , according to several media reports . Career evolution Beyonce is executive producer of her own HBO documentary "  Life Is But A Dream " in which she tells her story through her own eyes . The film is filled with home movie clips from her childhood in Houston to her show preparations and her life with Jay-Z and 15-month-old daughter Blue Ivy . From starring in her own documentary to films such as "  Dreamgirls , " "  Cadillac Records " and "  The Fighting Temptations , " the songstress has kept her name in lights by contributing to movie soundtracks , most recently film director Baz Luhrmann 's "  The Great Gatsby . " Luhrmann wrote in Time Magazine as it named Beyonce among the world 's 100 most influential people in 2013 : "  She and Jay Z are the royal couple of culture , and she is the queen bee . Power networking "  She 's gone beyond being a popular singer , even beyond being a pop-cultural icon ... Right now , she is the heir-apparent diva of the USA , the reigning national voice . " From granting Oprah an exclusive OWN interview to supporting President Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign , Beyonce 's proven her influence extends well beyond her voice by making friends in high places . In return , Obama called the singer "  a role model for his daughters " at an election fundraiser hosted by the power couple and she performed the national anthem at his second inauguration . While stellar performances and lucrative endorsement deals far from guarantee a star 's long term future in the fickle world of entertainment , one thing is for certain -- Beyonce has proven she is a survivor .	Beyonce has built a global brand around being one of the biggest names in pop She has made her name in fashion , beauty products , film and advertising She remains closely involved in all the brands she endorses
CNN  -- Emilio Massera , a former admiral who was part of a military junta that ruled Argentina in the 1970s , died Monday in the hospital where he had been for some time , the state-run Telam news agency reported . The ex-dictator carried a legacy of being one of the most brutal enforcers during the country 's "  Dirty War , " in which the military government sought to purge leftist factions in the country . At the time of his death he was not convicted of any charges , though previously he had been sentenced to life for human rights violations . That sentence was dropped as part of an amnesty declared in the 1990s . The amnesty was later repealed , but Massera 's health had deteriorated to the point that he was found unfit to stand trial . He died of a respiratory failure , said doctors at the Naval Hospital where Massera was being treated said . He was 85 . Massera was infamous for running the Navy Mechanics ' School , one of the most notorious detention centers during the dictatorship . Known as "  Admiral Zero , " victims at the mechanics ' school were reportedly tortured and killed , and babies were stolen from some victims . Some of the victims reportedly were thrown from planes into the ocean . Massera took part in the overthrow of President Isabel Eva Peron in 1976 . Together with Jorge Videla and Orlando Agosti , Massera formed the junta that ruled Argentina .	Emilio Massera was part of the military junta that ruled Argentina He was known for running an infamous detention center Massera died in the hospital where he was being treated Massera was 85
CNN  -- Spain did n't get a mention in 2011 's hotly debated "  New 7 Wonders of Nature " roundup . So it just went ahead and cooked up its own list . The 7 Natural Wonders of Spain were announced in early June after a round of votes on the campaign 's official website . More than 82,000 votes were cast to select the top seven out of 20 Spanish destinations . It 's unclear an ancient gold mine counts as a "  natural wonders " but the seven finalists make a stunningly scenic alternative itinerary to standard travel lists of heritage sites . "  Probably one of the least-known destinations for international tourists is Gaztelugatxe , " campaign representative Sonia Rodriguez told CNN . "  In the case of Spanish tourists , the least known destinations are Las Medulas or the Lagunas de Ruidera Natural Park . " In the final stage of the campaign , organized by travel insurance company Allianz Global Assistance , a team of "  explorers " will be picked to officially inaugurate a new tourist route around the sites . All travel expenses and a "  salary " of â ‚ ¬ 1,500  $ 2,045  will be provided for each explorer to cover a two-week tour of all seven . The website will be accepting applications from Spanish speakers until June 30 . The list of natural wonders includes : Gaztelugatxe , a small rocky island ; Somiedo Natural Park , a mountain wildlife haven ; Cabo de Gata-Nijar Natural Park , a volcanic landscape in southern Andalusia ; Las Medulas , an ancient gold mine ; Lagunas de Ruidera Natural Park , a landscape of lakes ; Fuente De , a gorge in the Picos de Europa mountains and As Catedrais beach , a stunning spot on Spain 's northern coast .	More than 82,000 votes were cast to pick new natural wonders in Spain Top destinations include biosphere reserves and a cluster of lakes Campaign 's final stage includes hiring a team of "  explorers " to go on two-week trip
CNN  When Jaime FlorCruz , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief , arrived in China on August 21 , 1971 , he says it was akin to visiting North Korea today . The country was midway through the turmoil of Mao Zedong 's Cultural Revolution . Universities and schools were just re-opening and students brandishing little red books toiled in factories or on farms . FlorCruz , then a firebrand student leader from the Philippines on a study tour , found himself stuck in China after his name was placed on a blacklist by then Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos . Fearing arrest as martial law was declared in his home country in September 1972 , he stayed on along with four others from the study tour . A year later his passport expired , leaving him temporarily stateless . "  The idea was to come for three weeks and see what was going on , " he says . "  I 'm an accidental tourist . " He ended up staying for more than four decades and launching a career as a journalist just as China began opening up to the world . On his day of retirement from CNN , he reflects on his "  ring side ticket " to China 's rise : What was life like under Mao ? When it became clear we were staying in China , we wanted to study but universities were n't ready to enroll foreign students , so we asked to work . Our hosts did n't make us , but we insisted . I worked on a state farm in Hunan province . Initially , I found it a romantic idea but it did n't take long for the romance to wear off . At the end of the day , we carved out two hours to learn Chinese . Our interpreter was our teacher and by the end of those few months on the farm I could converse in Chinese . From late 1972 , I worked on a fishing boat for two years . We 'd go out on the high seas for five or six days at a time on two trawler ships pulling a huge net . It was a spartan life , very simple . It was sometimes bleak but often also exciting because of the political campaigns that were going on . We would only watch from the sidelines -- see posters and in private discussions with Chinese friends . We were told not to get involved . Tell us about some of your memories of university and your circle of classmates . I was in the class of 1977 -- the first class when college students were enrolled through a nationwide entrance examination . Among my cohorts was current Premier Li Keqiang ; he studied law . Also among them was Bo Xilai , once one of the most powerful politicians in China , now disgraced and sentenced to life in prison for corruption and abuse of power . He was in my world history class . We would stand in the cafeteria holding our bowls of food -- there were no chairs to sit on -- and he dared to come close to foreign students like me . He knew enough English to chat with me and even then was quite charismatic and opinionated . A lot of that batch of fellow students are now in important roles in the government bureaucracy . Some are top professors , scientists and entrepreneurs . I 've kept friends with many of them . They 've been good sounding boards . You 've witnessed the trial of the Gang of Four , the Tiananmen Massacre and the Olympics . What else stands out ? I covered Wham 's concert , the first Western pop group to perform in China . It was attended by thousands of Beijing residents , most of whom just looked perplexed . Police looked on sternly if anyone stood up to cheer and dance . I remember when Coca Cola went on sale for the first time -- people thought it tasted like a Chinese medicine concoction . Later on , it was a big treat to interview Yao Ming when he chosen as the number one NBA draft . I 'm a huge basketball fan and Yao turned out to be a humble and affable guy although I got a sore neck . When I was at TIME , my big scoop was breaking the news of Jiang Qing 's  Mao 's widow who went on trial as part of the Gang of Four  suicide several days before it was reported by Xinhua . But to be honest scoops like that were rare and perhaps less important than providing accurate and fair reports and analysis day after day , week after week . You 're the longest-serving foreign correspondent in China . How has covering the country changed ? It 's easier than it used to be in the 1980s . There was a then 10-day rule that required us to give notice if we wanted to leave Beijing . Technically , except for Tibet , we can now go anywhere as long as someone invited us . In recent years though , there have been signs of tightening . Many colleagues , including our own crew , have had brushes with authorities -- the hand in front of the camera . CNN comes under heavy scrutiny because it 's so closely associated with the United States and we have been accused of biased reporting on China . I 've had to explain to officials here that we 're not an extension of U.S. government ; we are independent . We report it as we see it . China is a much wealthier place than when you first arrived . Have all the changes you 've seen since the 1970s been for the better ? I echo what my Chinese friends would say . They enjoy much more personal freedom -- the freedom to travel , to choose where to live , to marry whoever they wish , to take a job or quit a job . Freedom of speech and expression has it limits but most people know where the red line lies . Of course , there are problems . Many are the unintended consequences of the reform that started 30 years ago like environmental pollution and degradation -- and the lack of a spiritual anchor for most Chinese . I see a nation of 1.3 billion seemingly rudderless , looking for direction and meaning in their lives , even those who are rich . It 's not a big secret . I think the government acknowledges this crisis of faith . You 've lived in China for 40 years and raised a family here . How do you feel about it ? I 've lived here 43 years , I 've seen where it came from . I appreciate all the quotidian changes . I tend to look at China as a glass half full rather than half empty because I 've seen it virtually empty . It was my refuge and later my training and battle ground as journalist . I feel bittersweet to be ending my time here as a foreign correspondent . It 's been a rewarding experience and not really the end . I 'll still be involved in China watching , in China , or wherever my next projects and adventures take me . In the next few months , my wife Ana and I will stay on in Beijing , where she is gainfully employed . For a change , I will be the "  trailing spouse " but later I hope to do a bit of writing and speechifying . Should you leave China , what will you miss about it ? China 's been my second home , although it will never replace the Philippines as my homeland . I 'll definitely not miss the Beijing smog , but will certainly miss the quaint , old neighborhood nearby , including the men who belt out visceral shouts early in the morning , their way of exercise , my wake-up call . I 'll miss the guttural accent of the Beijing taxi drivers and their unsolicited opinions . I 'll miss the food -- jianbing , zhajiangmian , Peking duck -- and , yes , my periodic foot massage . Of course , I 'll miss my friends , who 've accepted me as a virtual Beijing Ren  Beijinger  . What 's your advice for journalists in China ? The best stories are often of ordinary people doing extraordinary deeds . Keep up the good fight for fair , honest and nuanced reporting . China has changed dramatically . I feel fortunate to have been in the right place at the right time to have witnessed these changes up close . For better or worse , China now is a major player in the world . I never imagined China could be so prosperous , powerful and proud . Whatever China does , or does not do , has impact on global affairs and our lives . For our sake , and China 's too , I hope China will emerge as a peace-loving global power . CNN 's Katie Hunt in Hong Kong contributed to this report	Jaime FlorCruz , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief , has lived in China for four decades On his last day with CNN , he reflects on his "  ring side ticket " to China 's rise The changes he 's witnessed have been mainly positive but problems remain FlorCruz : I see a nation of 1.3 billion seemingly rudderless , looking for direction and meaning in their lives
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Growing up , Jean-Manuel Beauchamp attended no ball games with his grandfather . No barbecues , either , or bedtime stories . Beauchamp , now 20 , was 4 months old when the United States invaded Panama and seized his grandfather . Noriega was later convicted on drug charges and sentenced to 30 years in prison , reduced to 17 for good behavior . Now , three years after the end of his prison term , Beauchamp 's grandad -- former Panamanian military dictator Manuel Noriega -- remains behind bars pending Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's decision whether to sign extradition documents . That outcome will likely come sooner rather than later . The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday turned down Noriega 's request for a new hearing , setting the stage for his extradition to France , where he has been convicted in abstentia on money laundering charges and faces a new trial . "  It 's all up to Hillary now , " Beauchamp said . "  There 's not much hope in the courts any longer . " President Obama has a role to play as well , Beauchamp said , but he held out little hope that the president would intercede . "  I do n't think he 's being informed about this case , and it 's still being ignored , just like the Bush administration did , " he said . "  I 'm trying not to let this affect me . I just got off the phone with my grandfather . He was adamant about making this injustice known , " he said . Noriega 's Miami attorneys plan to send Clinton a letter Friday asking that the former Panamanian strongman be returned to his home country of Panama . Noriega 's trial judge declared him a prisoner of war after his drug and money laundering conviction in 1992 . Because of that status , he and his attorneys believe he should have been returned to Panama -- where he would face murder charges -- when his sentence ended in 2007 . But the federal courts have ruled against him , and he has remained in prison south of Miami . "  He was adamant about staying in Miami this whole time , " said Beauchamp . "  His attitude now is ` whatever happens happens . ' " Noriega is charged in France with depositing drug money in French banks and using drug money to buy apartments in Paris . He faces up to 10 years in prison there , but his attorneys believe France would not honor his status as a prisoner of war . He faces 20 years on murder and human rights abuse charges in Panama , but Panamanian law would allow him to serve his sentence under house arrest because of his age . The United States holds his fate and must decide whether to honor France 's extradition request or send Noriega home . "  They must also consider the seriousness of the charges , " said Jon May , Noriega 's appellate attorney . "  Noriega is wanted for murder in Panama . We 're not asking for sympathy from Secretary Clinton , but to recognize there are larger issues , " he said . Further , he said , "  Panama made the request first , and he is a citizen of Panama , not France . " Beauchamp also believes that Panama 's case should come first , but he is willing to go with his grandfather wherever he 's sent . "  I told him I will follow him to be with him there , in France , but he said , no , I should stay and work on my studies , " said Beauchamp . Beauchamp is a film student in New York . He says that he does n't know anything about his grandfather 's past or the drug charges that put him in prison . He was far too young to hear the stories about how Manuel Noriega was once on the CIA 's payroll . "  When I was a kid , I did n't grow up knowing he was in prison . I thought he was in school , " said Beauchamp . The two have spent quite a bit of time talking both in person and on the phone . Beauchamp said they talk about the present , not the past , and his famous grandfather has motivated him , helping him learn from his own experiences . "  I 've spent quality time with him , but not private time , " he said , alluding to prison security and the monitoring of conversations . "  He 's the smartest man I know . He 's so friendly , outgoing , knowledgable . He 's always looking to teach or give advice , " he said . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel to protect cocaine and money shipments . Panamanians remember him as a cruel dictator . But the former Panamanian leader has said his relationship with the United States soured when he refused to help the United States take part in acts of sabotage against the communist Nicaraguan government during the Cold War-era , anti-communist efforts spearheaded by the CIA in Central America during the 1980s . Noriega said that when he refused to help the United States , his country was invaded . Noriega was arrested and taken to Miami to stand trial on the drug charges . During the invasion , 23 U.S. troops were killed , as were about 200 Panamanian citizens . Beauchamp said he wants to learn more about his homeland of Panama . He grew up in Miami , but his sense is that Panama never really wanted his grandfather back there to stand trial and is still reeling from the 1989 U.S. invasion . "  Panama needs closure , and I feel Panama has not wanted him back . Panama is still suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , " he said . In the meantime , Beauchamp said that his grandfather reads and prays a lot and still has a soldier 's mentality . "  He 's ready for anything . He 's probably developed strategies , in his own mind , to emotionally prepare . He 's been packed for 2 1/2 years waiting , " he said . "  The U.S. should be escorting him back to Panama , from where they took him . "	Ex-Panamanian military dictator in jail as he awaits extradition decision Grandson pushing for Noriega to be returned to Panama France wants Noriega to stand trial on drug charges Panama wants him on murder charges , but he would be under house arrest
CNN  -- It all started with a New Year 's Eve party . The cushy gig probably sounded irresistible to singing sensations like Beyoncé , Usher and Mariah Carey : a private concert in the luxurious Caribbean island of St. Barts to ring in a new year before a group of dignitaries who were big fans . But that was before everything came to light , courtesy of WikiLeaks . Those artists and others , including Nelly Furtado and rapper 50 Cent , have recently faced sharp criticism for accepting payments for performances from the family of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . The scandal highlights how very easily stars can find themselves smack dab in the middle of a major political firestorm for simply doing what they do best : making money for their talents . In February , it was reported that cables obtained by the secrets-revealing WikiLeaks website detailed lavish spending by Gadhafi 's sons , including large sums of money paid to American singers for performances . Within the past few days , Beyoncé , Usher , Carey and Furtado have announced that they either have donated or plan to donate the money earned to charities . Carey recently released a statement saying she was embarrassed by the scandal . "  Going forward , this is a lesson for all artists to learn from , " the singer said . "  We need to be more aware and take more responsibility regardless of who books our shows . Ultimately we as artists are to be held accountable . " "  You really have to be very careful and do your research , " said Matthew "  Mateo " Rajkumar , chief executive officer of the American Talent Agency . "  You have to make sure you know where the money is coming from . " Rajkumar 's company specializes in booking urban American music artists overseas , with a heavy concentration in the markets of Africa , the Middle East and Eastern Europe . His clients have included big names in hip-hop like Fat Joe , Missy Elliott , Wyclef Jean and Busta Rhymes . Rajkumar said an intense vetting process is crucial to making sure artists do n't find themselves performing for dictators or accepting "  blood money . " He said he recently had to turn down gigs in North Africa for artists like singer Chrissette Michele because the deal did n't meet his standards . "  It 's such a coincidence in that we recently turned down a deal coming from people we have worked with in Uganda , where we had offers in Libya that we turned down , " he said . "  When I say recently , I mean before the recent uprising . We do everything we can to make sure we are protecting our artists . " The CEO said his company was one of the first to see the potential market abroad for celebrity artists and brokered a deal in 2008 for 50 Cent to appear in Angola , which snagged the rapper one of his largest paydays for a concert to date : $ 1.4 million . "  The money had to play a factor in getting an artist of his stature at that time to go over there , but there were other things that we did , " Rajkumar said of booking 50 Cent for the Angola concert . "  We tied in a visit to the embassy and did a huge AIDS awareness event with a bunch of kids , as well as a hospital and orphanage donation , so there was also an element of giving back to the country . " Fans in the United States and major countries in Europe have better access to concerts by some of their favorite acts , Rajkumar said , but the presence of these same stars in some of the smaller and more far-flung countries generates a great deal of interest that artists can cash in on . Oil companies , cell phone companies and breweries are usually the three big types of industries that sponsor such shows , as well as local governments , which want to put their country on the map and stimulate tourism . When rapper Snoop Dogg performed in Croatia in 2008 , he packed Zagreb 's Dom Sportova arena with 10,000 fans , and the event made the style section of the Croatia Tourist Center website . But the shows are n't cheap to produce , with the need for increased security and the fees paid both to the artist and for expenses like flying in the artist 's entourage and equipment needed to mount a concert . "  These events are hardly ever put on for the financial benefit , " said Rajkumar , who added that often , fans in these countries can not afford expensive tickets . "  It 's more for the exposure and publicity it generates . " Such appearances can also expand artists ' fan bases and their wallets . Peter Katsis , a music manager and a senior vice president of music for Prospect Park Entertainment , recently told CNN that the temptation is absolutely there for artists to "  just take the check . " "  The attraction is obviously the money , " said Katsis , who has worked with such performers as the Backstreet Boys , Jane 's Addiction and Korn . "  You can sometimes make as much as you can in a week on tour by doing one show . " But Katsis said the recent scandal has some artists thinking twice about where they book their shows . "  I think in light of the current situation , people are going to be asking more questions than ever before , " he said . Marketing expert Rachel Weingarten said the celebrities are smart to donate the money to charity , though they may want to also consider ways to educate people about world issues and dictatorships . Such scandals can make consumers feel very uncomfortable , she said . "  It 's someone who is a pop star right now , and you 're thinking , ` Wait a minute , I 'm downloading their music , going to see their concert and supporting them , when a year or so ago , they were performing for a dictator . ' It puts -LSB- the fan -RSB- in the equation , " Weingarten said . "  It suddenly makes people have to question their own politics if they are supporting someone who took this check . " Rajkumar said his company does massive amounts of due diligence , including flying into the country to meet with the key players , checking the source of wire transfers and meeting with representatives from the U.S. embassy there to make sure that there are no concerns about money being funneled out of the country . "  We have to track and do the research that the government that 's in place is legitimate , " he said . "  We talk to the embassy and check out political contacts to make sure our government does n't have information that the country is being run by a dictator or that funds are being directed out of the country for the leader 's benefit . " It is so easy to fall prey to a bad deal , he said , with the use of middlemen and others who may not be very scrupulous . "  You just know that any money coming out of the country is coming from Gadhafi , because he controls the wealth there , " Rajkumar said . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Several pop stars have come under fire for performing for the family of Libyan dictator CEO of agency says due diligence must be performed before stars head overseas Marketing expert says fans feel drawn into politics if they support a star caught in scandal
CNN  -- Days after Chris Brown took to his Twitter page accusing stores of "  blackballing " his new album , "  Graffiti , " the singer 's account was deleted after he left a final message to his fans . "  I WAN NA THANK MY FANS FOR ALL THE SUPPORT , " said Brown 's final tweet , posted Monday afternoon . "  I LOVE YALL . GOODBYE !!!!!!!!!!!! " Over the weekend , Brown went on a tirade after he visited a Wal-Mart store in Connecticut and did n't see his album on shelves . "  The didnt even have my album in the back ... not on shelves , saw for myself , " he tweeted . Brown said he spoke to the manager , who had no answers . "  the manager told me that when there are new releases its mandatory to put em on the shelves . BUT NO SIGN OF #GRAFFITI . BS , " he tweeted . He continued to say that Alicia Keys ' new album was stocked and ready for release , though it was n't due out until Tuesday . Fans began instantly replying with unverified stories about their attempts to buy Brown 's CD . The singer began retweeting , or forwarding the tweets out , some of which claimed when fans asked when the shelves would be restocked they were told "  never , " and allegations that managers said they did n't support "  woman-beaters . " News of his outrage spread quickly and many media outlets began reporting on his complaints . Brown began using Twitter as a way to connect to his fans after he pleaded guilty and was sentenced for beating his then-girlfriend Rihanna . Whether it was an attempt to garner favorable public relations in the wake of an image-shattering event or just a late adaptation to the microblogging craze , Brown had spent the months after the incident using his Twitter account to reach and connect with 172,366 followers . He tweeted regularly thanking his fans for their continued support and sounding off after concerts . It was unclear what specifically sparked Brown to delete his account , named "  mechanicaldummy , " He had started the day with a normal "  good morning " message to his fans .	Brown : "  I WAN NA THANK MY FANS FOR ALL THE SUPPORT . I LOVE YALL . GOODBYE !!!!!!!!!!!! " Singer accused stores of not selling , stocking his album "  Graffiti " "  The didnt even have my album in the back ... not on shelves , saw for myself , " he wrote
Two conservative lawmakers from Texas are calling on border authorities to enhance Ebola screening at airports in their state . In a letter to the Obama-appointed U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske on Friday , Sen. Jon Cornyn and Rep. Michael McCaul requested that Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport are added to the list of locations where heightened screening of travelers is conducted . Changes coming to U.S. airports "  Because those traveling from Guinea , Sierra Leone , and Liberia can transit to the United States from many other countries , we have concerns that the current decision to screen only at five airports may not adequately protect Americans and others traveling to America from the Ebola virus , " the lawmakers said in their letter , which also points out that a combined 15.6 million international travelers moved through the two Texas airports in 2013 . Latest Ebola developments The letter also raises broader questions about the government 's response to preventing the spread of Ebola -- namely , the number of people from Ebola-affected countries entering the U.S. via sea or land , who would n't be screened at airport security checkpoints . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? "  What other Ebola-related measures are being taken at other vulnerable port environments , particularly at high traffic land border ports of entry along the Texas-Mexico border ? " the politicians write in their letter . "  If none , why ? " CDC director on Ebola : ` Only thing like this has been AIDS ' This is n't the first time lawmakers on Capitol Hill have clamored for more action from the Obama administration on the Ebola crisis . Earlier this week , 26 primarily Republican members of Congress penned a letter urging the White House to prevent the spread of Ebola in the U.S. by toughening airport screening and banning travelers from West African countries where the disease is rampant . Complete coverage on Ebola	Two lawmakers from Texas want ebola screening enhanced in their homestate airports . The letter is written to the Obama-appointed U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske . The lawmakers note 15.6 million international travelers moved through the two Texas airports in 2013 .
In the mid-March chill Thursday , the victims and their stories continued to emerge as firefighters ferreted through the piles of bricks and wreckage on the East Harlem block where a powerful explosion and fire leveled two buildings . They brought life to a vibrant neighborhood of corner bodegas , churches , shops and redbrick tenements whose ordinary rhythms were shattered when the Wednesday morning blast killed at least eight and injured dozens more . The eighth body was recovered Thursday evening , a spokesman with the New York City Fire Department said . Among the victims was Carmen Tanco , a 67-year-old dental hygienist who relatives tried desperately to reach by cellphone . "  She 's sassy , spicy , which is why her and I are so close , " her niece , Marisela Frias , 44 , said before learning her aunt had died . "  We have the same temperament , character . We tell it like it is , tell you the truth , whether you want to hear it or not . What you see is what you get . " Another victim , Griselde Camacho , 44 , was a public safety officer at the Hunter College Silberman School of Social Work in East Harlem , the school 's website said . "  Griselde was a well-liked member of our community , a respected officer and a welcoming presence at our Silberman building , " said Jennifer J. Raab , the college president . "  Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , and we are committed to doing everything we can to support them in their time of great emotional need . We also know this is a difficult time for all those who knew and worked with Sergeant Camacho . All of you will be in our thoughts in the days ahead . " Camacho and Tanco were remembered by Carlton Brown , bishop of Bethel Gospel Assembly , on the church 's Facebook page . "  Our hearts are heavy as we will truly miss these two beautiful women , " Brown wrote . "  Many of us share fond memories on how they have blessed our lives with their warm smiles and caring natures . They were both faithful volunteers ... " Rosaura Hernandez , 21 , who also perished in the explosion , was a line cook at Triomphe Restaurant , general manager Robert Holmes said . "  We liked her enthusiasm and raw talent , " Holmes said . "  It 's a terrible loss . My staff has taken it hard ... She was solid as a rock , never got flustered . She was calm , even-tempered . One of our line cooks was quite close with her . When he heard she was missing , he said , ` Can I go find Rosie ? I got ta look for her . ' I said , of course . It 's a terrible tragedy . " Though authorities have said a gas leak may have triggered the explosion , Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters Thursday that the official cause was under investigation . "  We know there was an explosion , " he said , "  but we do n't know everything about the lead-up to it . " The other fatalities were Andreas Panagopoulos , 43 ; George Ameado , 44 ; Rosaura Barrios , 44 ; and Alexis Salas , 22 . One fatal victim remains unidentified . On Wednesday , one woman tried in vain to find her husband , Jordy Salas , who may have been on the second floor of one of the collapsed buildings . She fainted and was taken to a hospital . Desperate search for survivors Near 116th Street and Park Avenue , once the heart of New York 's large Puerto Rican community , firefighters tore at mounds of bricks in a search for survivors from the collapsed five-story buildings , which housed a piano store and an evangelical church , in addition to apartments . "  We  had  probably about two-and-a-half floors of debris , so we have it now down to about one , one-and-a-half floors , " Edward Kilduff , fire chief of department , told de Blasio during a tour of the site . "  The victims have primarily been found on the left-center side about 20 feet in . " On Thursday , Con Edison officials said the utility received a call reporting a gas leak around 9:13 a.m. Wednesday from a resident at one of the newer buildings on Park Avenue . The utility dispatched a truck two minutes later , but it arrived after the explosion . The caller reported smelling gas the night before but did not call the utility at the time . Two gas repairs were made on the block in January 2011 and May 2013 following complaints of a gas odor , Con Ed CEO John McAvoy said . The utility looked back at 10 years of checks and repairs on the gas main on the block and found no "  historical condition , " he said . In addition , Con Ed checks for leaks in the area on February 10 and February 28 detected no problems . Fire officials said they received no reports of gas leaks in the area in the last month , while police reported receiving no calls since 2010 . Fire marshals , police arson investigators and the National Transportation Safety Board -- which probes gas explosions -- worked to determine the cause of the explosion . "  In one word , devastating , " was how Robert Sumwalt of the NTSB described the scene Thursday afternoon . He called it an "  active search and rescue operation . " "  You have , basically , two five-story buildings reduced to essentially a three-story pile of bricks and twisted metal . " Sumwalt said the agency was "  operating under the assumption that a natural gas leak led to an explosion , " but that his team of investigators had not yet examined the crater where the buildings once stood . De Blasio said 66 people , including 14 families with children , had received temporary shelter . Some wreckage was still smoldering Thursday , with the fire whipped by the cold wind , de Blasio said . "  Our biggest concern now is the free-standing wall in the back , " Kilduff said . "  That was a little more solid last night , but it burned overnight . " The massive explosion shook Manhattan 's East Harlem section around 9:30 a.m. Wednesday . Surreal scenes after explosion Colin Patterson said he was watching TV when a thunderous blast suddenly sent pianos hurling through the air in the shop where he works . "  They flew off the ground , " said the piano technician , who also lives in the building in East Harlem . He told CNN affiliate WABC that he crawled through the rubble and managed to escape unharmed . A building department official said one of the two Park Avenue buildings that collapsed received a city permit last year for the installation of 120 feet of gas piping . The work was completed last June . In 2008 , owners of the adjacent building , which also collapsed , were fined for failing to maintain vertical cracks in the rear of the building . The condition was not reported as corrected to the buildings department . There were a total of 15 units in the two buildings , officials said . Building department records detailed a litany of violations , dating back decades , for one of the collapsed buildings , including a lack of smoke detectors , blocked fire escapes and faulty light fixtures . The mayor told reporters that the report of the gas leak , which he said came about 15 minutes before the explosion , was "  the only indication of danger . " Blast shook Manhattan for blocks Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano said responding firefighters barely missed the blast . "  If we were here five minutes earlier we may have had some fatalities among firefighters , " he said . "  Not being here may have saved some lives . " Once a predominantly Italian neighborhood , the stretch of East Harlem saw a large influx of Puerto Ricans in the 1950s . It went on to be called Spanish Harlem and El Barrio . In the 1990s , many Mexican immigrants began to move into the area , which has been gentrified in recent years , with many mom-and-pop shops replaced by restaurants and bars .	An eighth body is recovered , says a fire spokesman Police identify another victim , Andreas Panagopoulos "  In one word , devastating , " is how NTSB investigator describes scene At least five people are unaccounted for , city officials say
CNN  -- Copenhagen 's red light district pulsates with neon lights . Women stand on nearly every corner -- many from Africa -- aggressively making their pitch to men walking by . Inside one particularly loud bar , young Thai women sit on the laps of male customers . And Stockholm ? Well , you might walk right by its equivalent and never notice . Malmskillnadsgatan is a commercial area , the address of several banks . In its heyday , dozens of girls used to ply their trade here . Now , you can find only three or four women who work the street . That stark difference may explain why Sweden is being hailed as a model of how to combat sex trafficking , while Denmark has been called the "  Brothel of Scandinavia " . So , what happened ? In 1995 , Sweden passed a tough bill that cracked down on prostitution . What made this law different , however , was who would be held responsible for the crime of prostitution . It 's not illegal to sell sex . It is , however , illegal to buy sex . The law was enacted as part of Sweden 's push for gender equality . From a Swedish legal point of view , any woman selling sex has been forced to do so , either by circumstance or coercion . Anyone caught buying sex faces hefty fines , an embarrassingly public police notification and possible time in prison , with a maximum four-year sentence . So far no one arrested has served time . According to the Swedish justice ministry , more than 70 % in recent polls supported the law . Buying sex is looked down upon . There is even a slang term for those who buy sex . "  They 're called a "  cod , " a fish , " says Lise Tamm , a Swedish prosecutor of organized crime . "  It 's the same word as a loser , or -LSB- someone who -RSB- gets called by the police , or runs out of gas in his car . You 're a loser if you buy sex in Sweden . "  We see it as a human right to have sexual integrity , physical integrity , and not to be forced to sell your body to strange men , 10 times a day . That 's human rights to us . " At first , Sweden 's neighbours in Europe dismissed the idea . But the law had an interesting knock-on effect , decreasing demand for prostitution and thereby sex trafficking . Kajsa Wahlberg , Sweden 's National Rapporteur on Human Trafficking , has undertaken annual assessments on the problem since the law was enacted . She recalls attending international meetings back in 1998 when Sweden was ridiculed for its approach . "  I mean , I was told you ca n't do that . It 's impossible , " she recalls . "  People could not even get it into their minds that it would have any effect on trafficking . But now I get the impression that people have stopped laughing and actually are looking seriously into what can we do . " Police say it 's working ; that customers do n't want to risk punishment and that intelligence indicated pimps and traffickers quickly realized it was not worth bringing women into Sweden . Simply , there is not enough money to be made and the risk is too high . But trafficking still exists and women still sell sex in Sweden . One young woman told CNN she was promised a cleaning job in Sweden -- but within hours of arriving in the country she was locked in an apartment , raped and beaten and had her passport taken away from her . While street prostitution has dropped dramatically , selling sex over the internet is still a thriving industry . But Stockholm police estimate that there are only about 200 prostitutes now working in a capital city of more than 2 million people . It 's all in stark contrast to Copenhagen . Denmark decriminalized prostitution in 1999 . The idea , in part , was that making it legal to sell sex would also make it easier to police . There are conditions , however : pimping is illegal and only legal residents can work as prostitutes . Since then , Copenhagen 's red light district has grown . The women walking the streets have also changed . About half used to be Danish , according to national police . Now most are African or from eastern Europe . There are no hard numbers on how many have been trafficked but social workers believe the vast majority are "  vulnerable " to trafficking . Michelle Mildwater , an anti-trafficking activist with Hope Now , walks the streets of Copenhagen almost every night , hoping to reach out to victims . She says she has seen the number of prostitutes from Africa triple in just two years , although specific numbers are difficult . "  What we 've got on the streets is the tip of the iceberg basically , " she says . The reality in Copenhagen is that the majority of prostitutes are managed by pimps , even though it 's illegal . Complicating matters , many of the pimps and traffickers are themselves prostitutes , attempting to work their way out of the street by managing new recruits . "  We thought that these women would be trapped and kidnapped and they wanted to be saved and rescued and they wanted to go back home , " says Anne Maskell of the Danish Centre Against Human Trafficking . "  But what we found out is that this is a much more complex phenomenon . " Danish police have to figure out which prostitutes are in the country illegally , which prostitutes may be victims of trafficking and which prostitutes may also be pimps and traffickers . They believe that 95 % of the prostitutes in Denmark are already familiar with prostitution when they arrive , know they need to cooperate with pimps to get on , and are not used to working with law enforcement . The police try to establish which of the prostitutes are there legally : those who are not will be transferred to the department that deals with illegal immigrants . Denmark 's National Centre Against Trafficking coordinates police and social services to effectively identify trafficking victims . When police raid a brothel , social workers are on hand . When they have identified a possible victim of trafficking , they are placed in a safe house for a "  reflection period " of up to 100 days . If , at the end of that time , the victims have not cooperated with police to prosecute their traffickers , they are deported . "  Of course , we tell them -LSB- that -RSB- in the hope that they will tell us at least a little bit of the true story , " says Maskell . "  Because of course many of them are scared to tell their stories . And they 're also scared that the authorities get to know about them . " But most victims fail to cooperate , too scared to testify against their traffickers , walking out of safe houses and disappearing just before their "  reflection period " ends . Politicians in Denmark are now debating whether to adopt a Swedish-style approach to the problem . In Sweden justice ministry officials say they have had an increase for requests from other countries to explain how their anti-prostitution law works and how it might be adapted . "  The important thing is that any country should think about the question on demand . " says Beatrice Ask , Sweden 's minister of justice , "  because you ca n't fight this organized criminality , which is often behind prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes . You ca n't fight that by only looking to one side of the coin . If we could get rid of slavery , then I think this type of buying human beings is something that we have to fight too . "	Scandinavian neighbors Denmark and Sweden have taken different approaches to sex trafficking Swedish law says it is not illegal to sell sex -- but it is illegal to buy sex In Denmark prostitution has been decriminalized with the aim of making it easier to police Politicians in Denmark are now debating whether to adopt a Swedish-style approach
CNN  Sometimes , people pretend to die . That 's pretty much the basic idea behind "  Still Lives , " a thought-provoking series of portraits by photographer Eliot Dudik . These images reveal a whole new perspective on America 's Civil War re-enactors . But they also aim to spark conversations about two things that touch us all : life and death . For generations , enthusiasts and history buffs have been spending their weekends re-staging historic clashes of the War Between the States , pretending to lose their lives on the battlefield . Dudik uses his camera to study these faces while they fake death . Some have their eyes closed . Some , open . Some looking away , others looking directly at us . The subject is unsettling . But because we know they 're really alive , it 's somehow captivating . "  I think there 's a shifting back and forth between life and death as you look at them , " Dudik said . "  When there 's this oddness and this shifting , I think it holds our attention a little longer , which hopefully brings us into each of our own individual conversations about what life and death means and what war means to us as individuals . " Admittedly , the concept is a heavy one . To make it more approachable , Dudik injected a bit of humor . He started collecting reasons why re-enactors choose to live or die during their performances . After "  dying " on battlefields 148 times , longtime re-enactor Ed "  Doc " Keith told Dudik he has decided to quit dying . Now , Dudik said , Keith "  leaves the dying to the young . " "  That statement really stuck with me , " Dudik said . And it propelled him to jump feet first into the project . Another re-enactor told Dudik at historic Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , that "  he does n't die very often because he 's one of the few that are actually in shape and can make it all the way across the battlefield . " A third re-enactor said he dies "  almost every time because he finds it more realistic , " Dudik said . "  Another guy told me he does n't die in the high grass because he has allergies . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . 2015 marks 150 years since the war 's end . The death toll totaled nearly 500,000 Union and Confederate soldiers , according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . Dudik 's project helped him understand and respect the solemn reasons behind the re-enactments . "  Still Lives " was inspired by its sister project , "  Broken Land , " which focuses on landscapes linked to the Civil War . "  I 've always been fascinated by war in general since I was little -- not so much in a romantic way -- but more in a frightening way , " Dudik said . "  It 's always kind of scared the crap out of me , basically . " The dramatic rift the nation felt in the 1860s reminds him of today 's political landscape . "  I feel like the country is basically paralyzed by the divide in politics , " Dudik said . When it comes to equipment , this guy leans totally old school . Dudik shot the project entirely on film , using what photographers call a view camera , which has a basic design dating back to the 19th century . Projects can become more collaborative with a view camera , Dudik said . During the "  Still Lives " portrait shoots , he enjoyed explaining to the re-enactors how the camera works and its long exposure time . Dudik photographed each re-enactor as they laid on a suspended platform , giving the impression they were hovering above the ground . Dudik then climbed up a ladder to access his camera , which was aimed down toward the re-enactor . Once underneath the camera 's "  dark cloth , " he opened the shutter and captured an image . "  I personally do n't enjoy digital photography that much , " Dudik said . "  I do n't have anything against it . I think it works marvelously for lots of applications . But for me , I 'm pretty devoted to film for ... the way I work with it ... and the way it looks . " Dudik , 32 , spent most of his first 16 years growing up on a sheep farm in central Pennsylvania before moving with his family to Maryland . His interest in taking pictures eventually led to college degrees in South Carolina and Georgia . He has been published several times and last year he won the PhotoNOLA Review Prize . Lately , Dudik admits life has become a little crazy , as he juggles teaching at Virginia 's College of William and Mary while helping create the school 's first formal photography program . "  Teaching and being intimately involved in an academic art department is a great inspiration and motivation and it provides an incredible collaborative community , " Dudik said . "  And I 'm very thankful for that . " Eliot Dudik is a photographer and professor at the College of William and Mary . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Photographer Eliot Dudik 's "  Still Lives " series features Civil War re-enactors His images aim to spark conversations about life and death 2015 marks 150 years since the war 's end
CNN  -- Australian authorities have declared several coastal areas near Brisbane disaster zones after a massive oil spill earlier this week , according to the Queensland government . Large stretches of Queensland 's coastline are being affected by the oil . "  This is a very serious situation , " Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said , according to a news release on Friday . "  It appears the volume of oil involved is much greater than originally reported by the Pacific Adventurer . And the effect of the oil spill is more widespread . " The Pacific Adventurer sustained damage early Wednesday when Cyclone Hamish struck the waters of eastern Australia with more than 125 kph  77 mph  winds . The cargo ship lost 30 of its 50 containers of ammonium nitrate about 13 kilometers  8 miles  off the coast of Cape Moreton . Those containers are still missing . The damaged ship also spilled a large amount of oil that is covering at least 60 kilometers  37 miles  of beach in and around Brisbane , according to Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . Watch sludge washing up on shorelines " The ship 's owner , Swire Shipping , initially said no more than 42,000 liters  11,100 U.S. gallons  of oil escaped from the ship , but now says that "  substantially more oil was spilled , " ABC reported Friday . The ship is currently in the custody of Australia 's Maritime Safety Authority in Brisbane , as the investigation into the spill continues . A massive clean-up effort is also under way . So far , 13 oil-covered birds have been recovered , according to the Queensland government .	Pacific Adventurer sustained damage when Cyclone Hamish struck Damaged ship spilled large quantity of oil and chemical cannisters Ship now in the custody of Australia 's Maritime Safety Authority
A mother 's plea to the terrorists holding her son hostage : No individual should be punished for events he can not control . The mother is Shirley Sotloff , and she speaks directly to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a video broadcast Wednesday on Al Arabiya Network . Her son , freelance journalist Steven Sotloff , appeared last week in an ISIS video showing the decapitation of American journalist James Foley . The militant in the video warns that Steven Sotloff 's fate depends on what President Barack Obama does next in Iraq . A day after the video was posted , Obama vowed that the United States would be "  relentless " in striking back against ISIS . "  Steven is a journalist who traveled to the Middle East to cover the suffering of Muslims at the hands of tyrants . Steven is a loyal and generous son , brother and grandson , " Shirley Sotloff said in the rare public appeal . "  He is an honorable man and has always tried to help the weak . " The journalist has no control over what the United States government does , and he should not be held responsible for its actions , she says . "  He 's an innocent journalist , " she said . Friends of ISIS captive Sotloff speak out admiringly of his talent , passion The mother appeals to al-Baghdadi 's self-declared title of caliph of the Islamic State . As caliph , he has the power to grant amnesty to Steven Sotloff , the mother said . "  I ask you to please release my child , " she said . Steven Sotloff disappeared while reporting from Syria in August 2013 , but his family kept the news secret , fearing harm to him if they went public . Out of public view , the family and a number of government agencies have been trying to gain Sotloff 's release for the past year . Sotloff , 31 , grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He majored in journalism at the University of Central Florida . His personal Facebook page lists musicians like the Dave Matthews Band , Phish , Miles Davis and movies like "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  The Big Lebowski " as favorites . On his Twitter page , he playfully identifies himself as a "  stand-up philosopher from Miami . " In 2004 , Sotloff left UCF and moved back to the Miami area . He graduated from another college , began taking Arabic classes and subsequently picked up freelance writing work for a number of publications , including Time , Foreign Policy , World Affairs and the Christian Science Monitor . His travels took him to Yemen , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Turkey -- among other countries -- and eventually Syria . The following is the full text of Shirley Sotloff 's video statement : I 'm sending this message to you , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi ... the caliph of the Islamic State . I am Shirley Sotloff . My son , Steven , is in your hands . Steven is a journalist who traveled to the Middle East to cover the suffering of Muslims at the hands of tyrants . Steven is a loyal and generous son , brother and grandson . He 's an honorable man and has always tried to help the weak . We 've not seen Stephen for over a year , and we miss him very much . We want to see him home safe and sound and to hug him . Since Stephen 's capture , I 've learned a lot about Islam . I 've learned that Islam teaches that no individual should be held responsible for the sins of others . Stephen has no control over the actions of the U.S. government . He 's an innocent journalist . I 've always learned that you , the caliph , can grant amnesty . I ask you to please release my child . As a mother , I ask your justice to be merciful and not punish my son for matters he has no control over . I ask you to use your authority to spare his life and to set the example of the Prophet Mohammed , who protected people of the Book . I want what every mother wants : to live to see her children 's children . I plead with you to grant me this . Opinion : Foley is a reminder why freelance reporting is so dangerous	Shirley Sotloff pleads directly to the leader of ISIS "  Please release my child , " she says Steven Sotloff disappeared while reporting in Syria last year
CNN  -- Like he does every week , Chris Hardwick hosted "  Talking Dead " on Sunday night -- but this time , he was coping with a heartbreaking loss . His father , Billy Hardwick , died of an apparent heart attack a day earlier . Chris Hardwick , who hosts the aftershow for AMC 's most-watched series , "  Walking Dead , " said he decided to continue with his duties because it was an appreciated distraction . He said he was grateful that he had a chance to tell his 72-year-old father that he loved him , and encouraged viewers to appreciate their families . Billy Hardwick was a Hall of Fame bowler who also appeared on his son 's podcast , nerdist . "  My dad was my favorite podcast guest . He was amazingly open and it brought us closer , " Chris Hardwick tweeted Saturday . According to the Professional Bowling Association , Billy Hardwick 's career took off after "  one of the greatest turnarounds in professional bowling history . " He went from a rookie in 1962 to winning four titles the next season . After he retired , he opened Billy Hardwick 's All-Star Lanes in Memphis , Tennessee . People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	His father dies of an apparent heart attack The father was a Hall of Fame bowler Billyu Hardwick had appeared on his son 's podcast
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least seven people died and 15 were wounded when a car bomb exploded in a tunnel in northwest Pakistan , police said Saturday . The blast occurred late Friday , said Kazi Hamid , a Kohat city police officer . It was in the Kohat Tunnel , a thoroughfare to metropolitan cities such as Karachi . Kohat is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , which borders Afghanistan . From journalist Nosheen Abbas	The blast took place in a thoroughfare to cities such as Karachi A police officer says a bomb was planted in a car
CNN  -- A potential deal that would reopen the federal government and stave off the prospect of a U.S. debt default appears to barely touch the core of Obamacare , the health insurance program congressional Republicans set out to cripple . Although the terms of a deal that would end a two-week partial shutdown of federal offices and raise the government 's legal borrowing limit were n't final Tuesday , Democratic sources told CNN one possible change being weighed by Senate leaders could delay a fee on employers , unions and other health-plan sponsors that compensate insurance companies for taking on high-risk customers in the first year of the program set up under the Affordable Care Act . Another could strengthen verification measures for people seeking federal subsidies to help them purchase health insurance required by the law . Both of those are far short of the target set by conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives , who hoped to wipe out funding for Obamacare , as the program has become known . "  This does n't , frankly , do a whole lot to Obamacare , " said Lawrence Jacobs , director of the University of Minnesota 's Center for the Study of Politics and Governance . The computerized insurance exchanges at the heart of the program have had a rocky rollout since they went live on October 1 , and there are some provisions that could stand to be fixed , Jacobs said . But he said those issues are being "  overwhelmed " in the GOP push to eliminate it . How many have signed up for health care ? Well , it depends Getting rid of the $ 63 a head high-risk charge , known as the transitional reinsurance fee , is a proposal "  that would deserve serious attention " in other circumstances , said Jacobs , co-author of a 2010 book on the politics of health care . States like Minnesota , which already has the largest catastrophic reinsurance program , are effectively double-taxed by the proposal . Getting rid of it would mean the costs would be passed along to insurers and consumers , he said . "  There are no states that are happy with it , " he said . But he said the fee is "  more of a techie issue , to be honest . I 'm surprised it 's on people 's radar . " Meanwhile , calling for tougher verification rules "  is a little confusing , " Jacobs said . "  The IRS has been working pretty hard on this , and with all the problems that the federal exchanges had in launching , this was not one of them , " he said . "  That part of the process seems to be working pretty well , so I think this is more of a political thing in adding another level of protection , or red tape . I think from a policy perspective , the question is , what needed fixing ? " In the House , a Republican counterproposal floated Tuesday morning would have suspended a tax on medical devices for two years and removed federal health care subsidies for legislators and top Obama administration officials . But the medical device tax provision had been dumped by Tuesday afternoon , House GOP sources said . That levy is projected to raise about $ 29 billion over 10 years to subsidize health insurance programs , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Jacobs said getting rid of it would leave a "  crater " in the program 's finances and create "  a kind of avalanche " as other health-care industries -- hospitals , drug manufacturers and insurers -- lined up for a similar reprieve . "  I do n't think there are too many folks volunteering for that tour , " he said . If there 's a deal , what next ? The latest developments come less than two days before the United States bumps up against its statutory debt ceiling , raising the risk that Washington would be short of funds to pay all of its bills in full and on time . And it comes on the 15th day of the partial government shutdown that has idled more than 800,000 federal workers and cost the economy an estimated $ 20 billion to date . The shutdown began after House Republicans passed a temporary spending bill that would have eliminated funding for Obamacare -- a bill swiftly rejected by the Democratic-controlled Senate . President Barack Obama has insisted that Congress fund government operations and raise the debt ceiling without any "  ransom , " and polls show public opinion turning sharply against the GOP as the standoff drags on . Republican leaders began to look for other concessions from Democrats and the administration last week , and some -- particularly in the Senate -- have begun to criticize the colleagues who led them into the impasse . Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , told CNN 's New Day that Republicans have now wasted weeks "  focused on something that was never going to happen . " "  To be candidly candid , it 's an embarrassment to me that we have spent all this time on a rabbit trail , leading us to where we are , " Corker said . But Rep. Ted Yoho , a tea party-backed Florida congressman , told CNN 's The Lead that he and many of his fellow House Republicans would be letting down their constituents if they did n't keep battling the Affordable Care Act . "  I 'm a member of the House . It 's a house of the people . We 're the voice of the people , " said Yoho , who has also downplayed the potential impact of a government default . "  I ran on defunding , burying and getting rid of Obamacare ... a lot of the members of our house , of our conference , ran on the same thing . So for us not to speak up is not to speak up for the American people . " Hope for a smoother ride on Healthcare.gov CNN 's Dana Bash , Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	"  This does n't , frankly , do a whole lot to Obamacare , " analyst says Democratic sources say a $ 63-per-person fee on health plans could be dropped "  We 're the voice of the people , " GOP congressman says But polls show Republicans are taking the blame for the standoff
CNN  -- As the powerhouses of the rugby world continue to battle over the Web Ellis trophy in the knockout stages of the World Cup , some of the sport 's less-fancied teams are making their way home after a valiant , if unsuccessful , fight in the group stages . Since the tournament began in 1987 , only four nations have walked away as world champions : New Zealand , South Africa , Australia and England . Canada 's Canucks , Georgia 's Lelos or the U.S. Eagles were never the bookmakers ' favorites to win the Cup and for obvious reasons . These emerging nations do not compete anywhere near as regularly as the elite sides and , along with tactical and experience deficiencies , face a daunting challenge to emerge from the bruising challenge of the pool matches in the world 's most prestigious event . But these teams do have heart and motivation and -- perhaps most of all -- they have the joy and passion of national pride . Whether or not they walk away with wins , it 's being there , representing their nations and improving the standard of rugby within their countries , that matters most for them . "  When that flag is waving and the anthem plays before the game , if that does n't get you going , you need to see a cardiologist , " former Eagles player and coach Jack Clark told CNN . "  It 's just one of those moments where you feel not only a lot of responsibility , but you feel really privileged to have that responsibility . " Lelos making strides Georgia did not make an appearance in the Rugby World Cup until 2003 , but the they became an overnight sensation during that year 's tournament with their passionate play , despite not actually winning a match . The Lelos , named after an indigenous Georgian sport similar to rugby , also qualified for the 2007 finals and nearly caused a sensation by coming within a whisker of beating established nation Ireland . Just 11 days later , they beat Namibia 30-0 to record their first World Cup success . For a nation that considers rugby to be a minority sport , Georgia are supported by an intensely loyal fan base and host a number of players who regularly compete in France , adding to their level of conditioning . "  The strength of our team is in our physicality , " media manager Lasha Khurtsidze told CNN . "  We always have very good forwards and our scrum is considered to be in the top five in the world . Our players have a very strong sense of pride and courage . They play like they are on a battlefield protecting their country . " Georgia qualified for this year 's tournament after defeating Russia 36-8 and winning the European Nations Cup in 2010 . "  We are determined to show the world that we are not underdogs , " Khurtsidze added . "  We want to prove that we deserve a place among the elite teams . We aim more at playing with dignity rather than winning , however , to win one or two matches is very important because expectations are very high here in Georgia . " In this year 's tournament , Georgia narrowly lost to Scotland , England and Argentina , but beat Romania 25-7 . "  I think Georgia surpassed expectations in this year 's World Cup , " Alex Payne , a Sky Sports broadcaster who regularly covers rugby , told CNN . "  I would have expected them to have lost more heavily to Scotland , England and Argentina , given those teams would have been very aware of what Georgia are capable of . Georgia were not taken lightly by any of those teams , and yet still , the margins of victory were more than respectable for a side that does n't get that much competitive play . "  Georgia have come a long way in a short state of time , " Payne added . "  If they can add a bit more creativity and flair behind what they 've got up front , then they will push forward . " Eye on the Eagles The U.S. Eagles have participated in each World Cup since 1987  except 1995 , when they did not qualify  , but going into this year 's Cup , they had only ever won only two matches , both against Japan . Although they are a national team , the Eagles are not considered part of the professional game . The U.S. players were exposed to rugby in high school or college and many are former American football players . "  These are regular people with normal jobs who have learned to challenge themselves outside the usual lifestyle , " Julie McCoy , coach of the USA sevens side , told CNN . "  The majority of those players have come through the high school and college All-American system over the last 10 years . They finally have a pathway . It 's not just a bunch of guys saying ` Hey , who wants to go represent the U.S. in the World Cup ? ' That was the mechanism 10 years ago . " While other countries were holding training camps in July , the Eagles were unable to practice as a team , according to head coach Eddie O'Sullivan . When the players do get together , they have to make up for lost time in addition to preparing for a global tournament . "  It 's a pretty meager existence , but we make those sacrifices so we can get our proper training and conditioning in , " Eagles center Paul Emerick told CNN . "  It 's a testament to the guys who are dedicated . Everyone wants to be here and put their time in . " The main core of the current U.S. squad played together in the 2007 tournament , and the players have managed to maintain a tight chemistry . That , combined with the pride they take in representing their country on a world stage , provides Team USA with its greatest strengths . "  The ultimate thing you want to do is represent your country , " Eagles lock Scot LaValla told CNN . "  That 's the dream , the goal , the end result if you 're really committed to your sport . One of the things I 'm constantly impressed with is the chemistry on the team . Physically you have a team here who is strong as any other team , but our commitment to each other is an asset . " The Eagles fell to Ireland and Italy , and were thrashed 67-5 by Australia . However , they achieved an important goal by defeating Russia 13-6 , a result that saw them finish fourth in Pool C , ahead of the Russians . "  I would expect that they wanted to beat Russia by more , " Payne said . "  The disappointing thing for them will be the hammering at the hands of Australia . That is the kind of gap they will want to close in the future . They will be disappointed not to have made more of a statement at the Cup , but they showed that they 've got some really talented players . " Canucks still improving Canada have appeared in every World Cup since 1987 and have already qualified for the 2015 tournament . in England . Going into this year 's tournament , the Canucks were the top qualifying Americas team and have continued to improve in rank throughout the year . But they have only made it past the pool phase once , in 1991 , where they were knocked out in the quarterfinals by New Zealand . Canada entered this years tournament in good stead with victories over the U.S. and maintained that form with a 25-20 success over Tonga . Defeat against France followed , before a tense 23-23 draw against Japan . Former Canadian international Gareth Rees told CNN : "  They 've been really honest and hardworking in this tournament despite not everything being perfect . In terms of their attitude and setting up for the next four years , it 's been an outstanding World Cup . " Canada were thrashed 79-15 by host nation and tournament favorites New Zealand in their final match and Rees believes if the Canucks want to improve on the international stage , they need to re-evaluate their structure , beginning with a bigger pool of players to choose from . "  The biggest issue is we have is to be playing at a higher intensity , " he said . "  We need more regular games at a higher level , so when we get to the pool games , the intensity and the mental preparation is n't quite as much of a shock to the system . "  I 'd like to see us knocking on the door , like when Tonga upset France . I 'd like it if Canada could be that team upsetting other teams -- I think we can get up there to being at the top of the Tier 2 nations . "	Canada , Georgia and the U.S. are emerging as leading contenders in world rugby Georgia are building on their reputation for being competitive and physical The U.S. Eagles are a tight cohesive outfit that display deep national pride
In the mid-19th Century , two devastating floods of the Yellow River , and the famine that followed , ravaged northeastern China . Outlaw bands , known as nien , attracted young men in unprecedented numbers , aggregating into militias that wrought chaos on the troops and infrastructure of the ruling Qing . Although this Nien Rebellion and the larger Taiping rebellion in the South were eventually crushed , they devastated the Chinese economy and contributed to the ending of the Qing dynasty . According to political scientists Valerie Hudson and Andrea den Boer , widespread female infanticide during the famine meant that as many as one quarter of young men in the region were "  bare branches " -- as the Chinese expression goes -- unlikely ever to bear fruit . The Nien rebellion , they argued , was propelled by these surplus young men who had so few other prospects . This story of the Nien Rebellion foreshadows one of the biggest issues that China will face in coming decades : the dramatic excess of young men . A long history of son preference , particularly among the Han majority , has led to female infanticide and the neglect of daughters in some parts of China . But in recent decades , the spread of cheap ultrasound  enabling sex-determination in early-mid pregnancy  and easy access to abortion courtesy of the government 's one-child policy , has led to the widespread abortion of female fetuses . As a result , approximately 30 million more men than women will reach adulthood and enter China 's mating market by 2020 . The scale of this current sex-ratio bias dwarves that in the Nien rebellion , and the consequences could turn out to be more catastrophic . Young men with poor prospects of ever starting a family spell danger to themselves and to their societies . Over millions of years of evolution , large numbers of women and even larger numbers of men left no offspring at all . Yet everyone alive today descends from ancestors who managed to avoid that fate . Our male ancestors were the ones who strove most frantically for status and the respect of their peers , and who won the chance to mate . As a result , young men are hair-trigger sensitive to their circumstances , and when the number of men who will never find a mate rises , so does the intensity of the striving . Young men discount their futures and take ridiculous risks in order to improve their prospects . They also become more violent , rising more readily to perceived slights and insults , and starting more fights -- often over trivial issues . These are the triggers for most man-on-man assaults and homicides . Many factors contribute to the number of men who will never find a mate . Economic inequality , for one , leaves a great many poor young men unable to attract a wife . When a society allows powerful men to take several wives , too few women remain for many poor men to take even a single wife . But most dramatically of all , male-biased sex ratios consign the excess men to never having a family of their own . Under each of these scenarios , large numbers of young men competing for dominance elevate local rates of violence , homicide and lawlessness . Martin Daly and Margo Wilson 's studies show that local income inequality can explain variation in homicide rates on a number of scales : from Chicago neighborhoods to American States and Canadian provinces . Throughout history , a surplus of young men often heralded violence . The American frontier earned its "  Wild West " reputation for lawlessness because its towns overflowed with men , yet marriageable women were vanishingly rare . In The Chivalrous Society , historian Georges Duby argued that European expansionism , from the Crusades to colonialism , was fueled by a surplus of ambitious and aggressive young men with otherwise poor reproductive prospects . China is already feeling the effects of so many bare branches . The economist Lena Edlund estimates that every one percent increase in the sex ratio results in a six percent increase in the rates of violent and property crime . In addition , the parts of China with the most male-biased sex ratios are experiencing a variety of other maladies , all tied to the presence of too many young men . Gambling , alcohol and drug abuse , kidnapping and trafficking of women are rising steeply in China . The bare branch problem will be compounded as income inequality rises . China 's Gini coefficient of income inequality has risen from less than 0.3 , 25 years ago , to almost 0.5 today . On the Gini scale , 0 represents perfect equality while a score of 1 represents complete inequality . It would be difficult to overstate the urgent need for China to emulate South Korea in eliminating sex-biased abortion and neglect . But just as urgently , China needs creative large-scale solutions to the problems that unprecedented cohorts of bare branches will cause as they come of age over the next two decades . Those millions of disaffected young men will not only present a danger to themselves , but those living alongside them . And , as Hudson and den Boer have been arguing for some time , the bare branches will also make perfect fodder for political agitation , fundamentalism and possibly terrorism . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion	"  Dramatic excess of young men , " key challenge for China , writer argues China 's one child policy penalizes couples who have more than one child in certain areas Access to cheap ultrasound and abortions has increased abortion of female fetuses In China , around 30 million more men than women are expected to reach adulthood by 2020
CNN  A winter storm dumping snow and disrupting travel in the central United States is headed toward the Northeast . The storm put the metropolitan Chicago area 's more than 9 million people under a blizzard warning Sunday , and another 65 million people are under a winter storm warning across 18 states . More than 2,000 U.S. flights were canceled Sunday , many of them in and out of Chicago , according to Flightaware.com , an online flight-tracking service . Already for Monday , more than 1,000 flights have been scratched . Chicago could get as much as 15 inches of snow from the storm system , CNN meteorologist Michael Guy said . "  The streets will stay plowed and passable so people will be safe and secure , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel promised at a news conference Sunday . More than 350 pieces of equipment , including plows and salt spreaders , fanned out across the city , officials said . Still , Chicago Public Schools canceled classes for Monday , according to its Twitter page . Up to a foot of snow was forecast in parts of Iowa , Illinois , Michigan and Wisconsin . The storm will move east and affect major metropolitan areas such as New York City and Boston on Monday , Guy said . "  New York City could see a wintry mix of precipitation just in time for the morning commute with a possibility of sleet and ice , " and Boston will "  get another round of wintery weather with new snow accumulations from 10 to 12 inches , " he said . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio issued a severe weather warning and hazardous travel advisory for Monday . "  The biggest threat in this case would be ice . We would expect a lot of icing on our roads and sidewalks -- up to a quarter inch of ice in some places , and a lot of that would happen in the early morning hours , so we 'd want people to be very , very cautious tomorrow , " he told reporters . Slippery driving conditions could start as early as Sunday night . "  For anyone leaving Super Bowl parties , you 're going to have to be ready to be careful at that point , " said de Blasio . "  I want to urge people to think ahead . " CNN 's Kimberly Hutcherson , Joe Sutton , and meteorologist Derek Van Dam contributed to this report .	Chicago Public Schools cancel classes for Monday A foot of snow is forecast for some states and local accumulation could go higher
CNN  -- Former Real Madrid and Monaco striker Fernando Morientes has returned to French football after joining Marseille on a free transfer Morientes has joined Marseille after enduring a disappointing spell with Primera Liga side Valencia . The 33-year-old , who was released by cash-strapped Primera Liga side Valencia at the end of last season , links-up again with Marseille coach Didier Deschamp , who brought the forward to Monaco in a loan spell in 2003/04 . During that time , Morientes built up a great relationship with Deschamps as the principality club reached the final of the Champions League , losing 3-0 to Porto . Top 20 summer transfer targets Morientes has also played for Albacete , Real Zaragoza and Liverpool . He left Liverpool in 2006 to join Valencia but made only 19 league appearances for Los Che last season , scoring one goal . Deschamps has been busy in the summer transfer market as he prepares his side for life in the Champions League following their second-placed Ligue One finish to Bordeaux last season . Moreintes is Deschamps ' eighth summer recruit after Lucho Gonzalez , Stephane Mbia , Souleymane Diawara , Edouard Cisse , Cyril Rool , Elinton Andrade and Charley Fomen . Morientes has not trained since being released by Valencia but the former Spanish international striker believes he will be fully fit in time for the new season . "  I have stopped for two months but I hope to be good in two weeks , fit in quickly and bring my qualities , " Morientes told a news conference . "  At 33-years-old I have a lot of experience , I can bring a lot on the pitch and in the dressing room . "	Striker Fernando Morientes has completed his free transfer move to Marseille Former Spanish international was released by Valencia at end of last season Morientes links-up again with Didier Deschamps , who was his Monaco coach
Bobbi Kristina Brown , daughter of Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown , is engaged . The groom-to-be is Nick Gordon , who was taken under Houston 's wing at age 12 and raised alongside Bobbi . The two grew especially close after Houston 's death in 2012 and are soon to be married . Bobbi took to Facebook to respond to the haters who think their relationship is a little ... Cullen-esque .  "  They live together , it 's weird . " EW : Whitney Houston - Remembering a music legend Her post was very clear -- she 's in love , and she 's not listening to the opinions of others . She said her mother approved of and encouraged their relationship , and she is very happy with Gordon . See the full post below : "  YES , we me nick are engaged . I 'm tired of hearing people say "  eww your engaged to your brother or if Whitney was still alive would we be together or would she approve of this . " Let me clear up something , we are n't even real brother and sister nor is he my adoptive brother . My mom never adopted him . In fact , mommy was the one who even said that she knew that we were going to start dating . My mom knows me better than any of you . A lot of yall are saying that yall are only saying this all out of love . Which is bull because if that was so , all you would want is for me to be happy . People need to seriously stop judging my relationship . Pretty sure it 's my own decision who I want to be with . Yes , my relationship may not be perfect . We will have rough patches , just like every other relationship . And we have had our rough patches . You may or may not agree with my relationship . You may or may not respect it . Judge me , go ahead . Your opinions are yours and mine are mine . It is my life and not yours . The decisions I make have nothing to do with you . Goodnight " See the original story at EW.com .	Brown went on Facebook to respond to critics of her relationship She said her mother would have approved of her and Gordon "  It is my life and not yours , " she said
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The description of a Los Angeles street gang seems right out of Hollywood . In the square mile between the University of Southern California and an edge of downtown where an NFL stadium is being planned , a group of thugs called Harpys or Harpys-Dead End gang runs extortion rackets , "  taxes " businesses , robs students and threatens to kill snitches , federal prosecutors allege . Authorities arrested 18 defendants Thursday named in three federal indictments as part of 2 Â 1/2 - year investigation called Operation Roman Empire , a play on words referring to imprisoned gang kingpin Danny Roman , spokesman Thom Mrozek of the U.S. attorney 's office said . In all , the indictments name 29 defendants . Five are fugitives or have yet to be fully identified , officials said . The remaining defendants are already in state custody on other charges , prosecutors said . Roman , now serving a life sentence without parole , allegedly controls Harpys and more than a dozen Latino gangs across south Los Angeles , but he is not charged in the indictments , prosecutors said . Roman is a member of the Mexican Mafia , and he allegedly gave orders from prison to his daughter and her husband , both of whom were arrested Thursday , prosecutors said . The couple visited Roman in Pelican Bay State Prison in northern California , and their orders allegedly included collecting "  taxes " on businesses and gangs under the threat of violence and murder , prosecutors said . The money was allegedly funneled back to Roman in prison . The 18 defendants arrested Thursday were to be arraigned later in the day , prosecutors said . Among those regularly extorted were vendors at an indoor Spanish-speaking marketplace called the Alameda Swap Meet , which is in the territory of another unit allegedly controlled by Roman called the 38th Street gang . The indictment alleges that Roman 's gang empire distributed methamphetamine , cocaine , crack cocaine and heroin ; murdered a gang member who owed a debt ; committed armed robbery against three USC students ; and plotted to kill a state court witness against a member of another gang , prosecutors said . Roman 's daughter Vianna Roman , 37 , of Los Angeles , and husband Aaron Soto , 40 , of Los Angeles , relayed the imprisoned leader 's orders to a "  shot caller " and other high-ranking members of Harpys , prosecutors alleged . The shot caller also allegedly enforces collection of taxes from other Latino gangs under Roman 's control and allegedly delivers orders to the other gangs on drug sales and the use of violence , prosecutors said . During the investigation , officials seized about 8Â 1/2 pounds of methamphetamine , a half-pound of heroin , a pound of cocaine , 23 pounds of marijuana and 22 guns , prosecutors said . During Thursday 's arrests , two more firearms were seized and 10 children were removed from several residences by the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services ' Multi-Agency Response Team , prosecutors said . All except one defendant face a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted .	Harpys gang controls turf between USC and downtown Los Angeles , feds say The gang extorts , robs students , deals drugs and threatens to kill in square-mile area An imprisoned Mexican Mafia member allegedly ran gang through daughter Feds arrest 18 of 29 defendants ; five are fugitives ; remainder already in custody
CNN  -- Former motorsport chief Max Mosley is adamant the re-instated Bahrain Grand Prix will not go ahead because Formula One 's 12 teams are unlikely to ratify the decision . The Gulf kingdom was due to host the opening race of the 2011 season in March but it was postponed because of civil unrest in the country . The body that governs F1 -- the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  -- unanimously decided to reschedule the race for October 30 , and move the inaugural Indian Grand Prix to December . But Mosley , a former head of the FIA , told CNN any move to change the racing calendar needs the full support of all 12 teams that compete in the sport , and that there are bound to be objections . Bahrain 's F1 race rescheduled for October Mosley told CNN : "  I 'd be astonished if it happened . I think the decision was the wrong one and I think it is bound to be reversed . I do n't think there 's any chance there will be a Bahrain Grand Prix on October 30 and I think its most unlikely there will be one this year . Webber : F1 wrong to reinstate Bahrain "  When you 're going to change something in the middle of the season , like the proposal to move the Indian race for example , that needs the unanimous agreement of all the teams . I do n't think there 's the slightest chance of that actually being given . "  The teams have complete power in this particular case because although the governing body can cancel an event for reason of force majeure - as happened in the case of Bahrain -- when you want to put an event on or move an event , that 's a change to the conditions under which the teams entered for the season and that 's like any contract -- you can only change it if both sides agree . "  All 12 teams would have to agree to change the Indian date and go back to Bahrain , so it only takes one team to say ' I do n't agree ' and that 'll be the end of it . It would not be possible for it to happen . " FIA president Jean Todt and vice-president Carlos Garcia visited Bahrain before announcing their decision , but it drew criticism from The Bahrain Center for Human Rights and current Red Bull driver Mark Webber . The Australian said he thought going back to Bahrain would only cause more tension . "  Like it or not , F1 and sport in general is n't above having a social responsibility and conscience , " he told his personal web site . Mosley said there would be no long term damage done to Formula One if the move was swiftly scrapped . If it was n't , protests could ensue , he suggested . "  I think if it gets reversed quickly and people understand what is going on in Bahrain and act accordingly , I do n't think it will do any damage at all , it will just show a mistake was made that was quickly put right , " he told CNN . "  If F1 were to persist in the idea of having a race in October I think it would do enormous damage because I think there would be protests at European and other races , some of the sponsors would come under pressure from their customers and therefore put the teams under pressure . "  I think it would be very difficult to predict how far it would go . On top of that I think there 's a high likelihood , I think Mark Webber 's right , you 'd have some really unfortunate incident when the race took place . Happily , I think that 's academic . "  It would be contrary to the rules , contrary to article 66 of the international sporting code , it would , apart from any other consideration , send a completely wrong message about what F1 is there for and what our sport is all about . " Mosley even suggested next year 's race in Bahrain could be in jeopardy if problems persist . Next year : "  They must be given a chance but I do n't think anybody would want to go there when people are in prison without trial , when doctors and nurses have been arrested simply for treating injured people , " he said . "  All of those things are very disagreeable . We have to wait and see how things develop and not pre-judge it . "	Max Mosley tells CNN the re-instated Bahrain Grand Prix is unlikely to go ahead Former head of FIA says decision wo n't be ratified by all 12 Formula One teams Original race was due to be season opener but was canceled due to civil unrest Red Bull driver Mark Webber criticized decision to reschedule the race
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Spiritual leaders of New York 's African-American Muslim communities lashed out Friday at a purported al Qaeda message attacking President-elect Barack Obama and , using racist language , comparing him unfavorably to the late Malcolm X. Ayman al-Zawahiri said Obama was the "  direct opposite of honorable black Americans " like Malcolm X . The imams called the recorded comments from al Qaeda second-in-command Ayman al-Zawahiri "  an insult " from people who have "  historically been disconnected from the African-American community generally and Muslim African-Americans in particular . " "  We find it insulting when anyone speaks for our community instead of giving us the dignity and the honor of speaking for ourselves , " they said in a statement read during a news conference at the Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial , Educational and Cultural Center . The al Qaeda statement , an 11-minute , 23-second audio message in Arabic with subtitles in English , appeared on the Internet on Wednesday . Its authenticity has not been confirmed . The message said Obama represents the "  direct opposite of honorable black Americans " like Malcolm X. Watch al Qaeda official criticize Obama " The speaker also said Obama , former and current Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice and "  your likes " fit Malcolm X 's description of "  house slaves . " An English translation of the message used the term "  house Negroes , " Malcolm X 's term for blacks who were subservient to whites . The term refers to slaves who worked in white masters ' houses . Malcolm X said those slaves were docile compared with those who labored in the fields . iReport.com : Should Obama react to comments ? Malcolm X , the fiery African-American Muslim activist from the 1950s and 1960s , was an early member and leader of the Nation of Islam . He left that group in 1963 over disillusionment with its then-leader , Elijah Muhammed , but remained a Muslim . After months of death threats , he was assassinated in 1965 by members of the Nation of Islam , who shot him 16 times at close range . The three men who were convicted of the crime have been paroled . On Friday , Imam Al-Hajj Talib ` Abdur-Rashid , recalling Malcolm X 's legacy , said that he "  stood for human rights and the principle of self defense ... international law . He would have rejected , and we who are Muslim African-Americans leaders reject , acts of political extremism . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations also condemned Zawahiri 's comments in a statement issued Thursday . "  As Muslims and as Americans , we will never let terrorist groups or terror leaders falsely claim to represent us or our faith , " the statement said . "  We once again repudiate al Qaeda 's actions , rhetoric and world view and re-state our condemnation of all forms of terrorism and religious extremism . "	U.S. Muslim leaders respond to comments reportedly made by al Qaeda official Official said President-elect Barack Obama fit Malcolm X 's definition of "  house Negro " Official also denigrated Secretaries of State Colin Powell , Condoleezza Rice
CNN  -- Racism is headline news again . This time , America 's conversation on race is focused on whether Donald Sterling is a racist -- and on his apology . But I 'm not clear where we go with that conversation : It feels like a never-ending cycle of accusation and defense and less about long-lasting solutions . After all , Sterling is invested in not being seen as a racist and saving his business . When a debate becomes about whether one person is racist , what are the rest of us supposed to do with that ? If we want to have a more useful discussion on how to move beyond racism in America , there are more productive ways to do it . First , we have to resist concluding that condemning racist slurs is all that is required to end discrimination . Second , to achieve racial equity , we need to be able to do three things : talk explicitly about race ; focus on the impact of policies and practices and the intentions behind them ; and support power-building in marginalized communities . Racism has evolved over the past 50 years , and our collective understanding of what constitutes justice , how discrimination functions and how to best address it needs updating . Racial bias is often hidden , unintentional and systemic . That means that it is actually possible to create racist impact , even if there 's no easily identifiable racist behind the curtain . The notion that racism is always intentional , individual and overt feeds the false assumption that colorblindness is then the appropriate solution . But the absence of apparent , or even coded , hostility does not necessarily indicate the presence of fairness . That 's why we have to be able to ask explicit racial questions . Rather than avoiding racial difference , we should engage it , with the goal of creating actual equity in our workplaces , schools and all the other spaces in which we spend our lives . In the food industry , for example , there is widely accepted racial hierarchy in high-end restaurants . Anyone walking into a three-star restaurant can see that often , the people who have speaking parts at the front of the house are white , while those working for lower wages in the back of the house are employees of color . The Restaurant Opportunities Centers United  ROCUnited  has documented such segregation in New York City , New Orleans and Miami . The organization has challenged prominent restaurant owners and chains to address racial exclusion through new employment practices , which often involve actually formalizing hiring practices such as posting jobs internally first before going external or holding performance reviews . Informality works against equity by making room for all kinds of problematic individual judgments , such as discrimination against applicants with non-European foreign accents . The lack of rules is in itself a kind of policy . A good example is Tom Colicchio , the owner of Craft and a host of "  Top Chef . " He has a combination of formal employment practices and full intention to build an integrated workforce . Saru Jayaraman of ROCUnited notes that Colicchio "  has a good reputation among workers in the industry for being a conscientious employer in this regard , and diners in his restaurants get a visibly different experience of the workforce . " An employer 's clear intention to make room for people of color and willingness to apply that intention to recruitment , hiring , training and promotion of employee is the combination that enables real change . The second thing we need to create genuine racial equity is to look at the impact of our institutional practices . When the rules of an institution are written down , we call them policies , but unwritten rules also shape institutions , in the form of repeated individual behavior , traditions , rituals or common approaches to problems . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid called for the NFL to take a stand against owner Dan Snyder -- who insists on preserving a team name that many consider racially insensitive -- the way the NBA did against Donald Sterling . Snyder has continued to defend his recalcitrance in the name of "  tradition " and to prove his lack of animus toward Native people by establishing a foundation . If I stretch , I can accept that Snyder has no real animus toward Native Americans . Yet , the fact is that stereotypical sports mascots dehumanize the people they represent . Holding onto such a symbol bolsters an image of Native people on which other people negatively act . Lastly , we have to recognize that people who have been marginalized need power to generate racial equality . The tools that create the presence of equity , not just the absence of hostility , have little chance of being implemented in situations where people of color are not organized for collective power . One such tool is the Racial Equity Impact Analysis , which allows us to predict bad outcomes and change course . It works like an environmental impact analysis , which requires any building project to account for potential pollution , noise , traffic and other environmental factors . This worked in Minneapolis , when the Education Equity Organizing Collaborative , a coalition of communities of color , pressed the school board to conduct a racial impact review of proposed school closings . In a rare reversal , the analysis led them to cancel the closing of a community school serving Somali students and to expand the school options available to Native Americans . Now , the Minneapolis Board of Education has adopted a policy of conducting impact analysis on all decisions that affect student learning and resource allocation . None of that would have happened if communities of color were n't organizing themselves . If we want racial equity , we have to want that kind of power-building , too . As we debate issues such as voting rights and affirmative action , the effect on a community 's ability to assert its interests has to be part of our calculation of what makes good policy . As a nation , we 've come a long way on race , as evidenced by the fact that Sterling was not only condemned by individuals but also sanctioned by an institution . There 's nothing stopping us from using these news stories to launch a forward-looking , highly effective , unifying approach to our persistent racial problems . We can generate fairness -- not just punish hostility -- if we have the courage to be explicit , focus on the rules and their impact and encourage power building among people of color . That 's what it means to be brave . It 's an American virtue . We can feel encouraged to see it in action every day , and we should never stop pushing for more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rinku Sen.	Comments by public figures such as Donald Sterling have provided fuel to discuss race More could be learned from these incidents , says Race Forward President Rinku Sen Sen : Honesty about race and empowerment of the marginalized are key
CNN  -- Paris Hilton entered guilty pleas on two misdemeanor counts in a Las Vegas court and was placed on probation for a year Monday morning under a plea deal to settle a cocaine possession charge . Hilton admitted to the judge that cocaine found in a purse she was carrying after a traffic stop last month was hers and that she lied about it . "  I said that the purse was n't mine to the officer , your honor , " Hilton said . A felony cocaine possession charge was dropped in exchange for Hilton 's guilty pleas on misdemeanor charges of drug possession and obstruction of an officer . The celebrity-socialite will have to stay out of legal trouble for the next year or face time in a Las Vegas jail , Judge Joe Bonaventure told her . Any arrest , other than a minor traffic citation , would trigger a probation violation ruling , he said . "  The Clark County Detention Center is not the Waldorf Astoria , " Bonaventure said to Hilton . The judge also ordered Hilton to complete an intensive substance abuse program . "  We 've arranged for Ms. Hilton to be in an outpatient program , " defense lawyer David Chesnoff told the judge . Hilton also will have to pay a $ 2,000 fine and complete 200 hours of community service , the judge said . She will not have to report to a probation officer . "  You have to understand When you break the law here , there are consequences , " the judge said . Bonaventure said it is not unusual for such felonies to be reduced to misdemeanors for defendants with no criminal record . "  This is a typical negotiation , " he said . "  I know that Ms. Hilton is contrite and accepts responsibility for her actions , " Chesnoff said . Hilton was arrested after a traffic stop on the Las Vegas strip on August 27 . A motorcycle officer reported smelling the odor of marijuana coming from the Cadillac Escalade driven by her boyfriend , Cy Waits . A small plastic bag of cocaine fell out of a purse she was holding and into the hand of a police lieutenant while Hilton was being questioned , according to the police report . Hilton does have a criminal record , including a Los Angeles drunken driving arrest in 2006 . She was arrested three times in the following months for driving on a suspended license . She spent two days in jail in June 2007 before Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca released her , saying she could complete her 45-day sentence at home . The next day , however , a judge ordered her to return to jail , where she remained 18 more days .	Judge to Hilton : "  You break the law here , there are consequences " Hilton will enter an outpatient drug treatment program She was sentenced to a year probation and 200 hours community service Another arrest would send her to jail , the judge said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Thursday called on Congress to approve billions of dollars in additional funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan before lawmakers leave for their Christmas break . President Bush wants Congress to approve his request for war spending before the holidays . He said the Army will have to shut down bases and start furloughing between 100,000 and 200,000 civilian workers by mid-February if Congress does not clear the funds . "  Pentagon officials have warned Congress that the continued delay in funding our troops will soon begin to have a damaging impact on the operations of this department , " Bush said Thursday . "  The warning has been laid out for the United States Congress to hear . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates already has ordered the Army and Marine Corps to plan for cutbacks , including civilian layoffs , termination of contracts and reduced operations at bases , The Associated Press reported . A $ 50 billion war spending bill , which would have required U.S. troops to begin leaving Iraq within 30 days , passed the House but stalled last week in the Senate -- with Republicans balking at the withdrawal provision . Speaking at the Pentagon , Bush called on Congress to approve the funds "  without strings and without delay . " Watch Bush issue his stern warning " In May , Bush vetoed another spending bill that included a non-binding goal of having combat troops out of Iraq by early next year . Majority Democrats in Congress eventually approved funds without that provision . The $ 50 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan that was approved by the House is about a quarter of what the administration requested . Congressional Democrats have disputed that , saying the Pentagon could shift existing funds to continue the efforts . "  The president demands more money to continue his failed war policy , yet he and his enablers in Congress have rejected our proposal for an additional $ 50 billion provided they work with us to change course in Iraq , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  He can not have it both ways . " Rep. John Murtha , a Pennsylvania Democrat who chairs the subcommittee that oversees Pentagon spending , said Thursday that House leaders may be open to a compromise on the spending plan . Just back from a visit to Iraq , Murtha -- a retired Marine colonel and Vietnam veteran -- said leadership may consider pushing back the deadline for troop withdrawal . "  We can get the troops out , but we ca n't get the equipment out probably in less than in two years , " Murtha said . "  It 's not logical unless we leave an awful lot of equipment there to think we can . " At a briefing with reporters , Murtha said the situation in Baghdad has improved . "  I think the surge is working , but that 's only one element , " he said . Murtha stressed that the administration needs to improve diplomatic efforts and provide Congress with an outline for how troops would be redeployed after an Iraq withdrawal . A spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday the speaker has no intention of backing off a goal of having U.S. troops out of Iraq by next December and does not plan to revisit war funding before the end of the year . "  The speaker has said we will not initiate any funding legislation for the war this year , " said spokesman Nadeam Elshami . "  The House has already passed $ 50 billion . " E-mail to a friend	Dems have said they plan to hold Bush 's request for war spending until next year $ 50 billion war spending bill passed the House but stalled last week in the Senate Bush called on Congress to approve funds "  without strings and without delay " Pentagon says Army will have to make major cutbacks if it does n't get the funds
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- Boko Haram insurgents killed 35 people in coordinated early morning raids on three villages in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno , a military source and residents said , the latest deadly attacks by the militant group . Dozens of Boko Haram gunmen dressed in military uniforms raided Gumushi , Amuda and Arbokko Wednesday in all-terrain vans and on motorcycles , opening fire on residents and torching homes with Molotov cocktails . At least 26 people were killed in Gumushi alone , a military officer in Maiduguri said on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak about the incidents . "  The insurgents hurled petrol bombs into homes , setting them ablaze and shot residents as they tried to escape , " said the army officer about the 6 a.m. raid . Attacks on the neighboring farm villages of Amuda and Arbokko earlier , around 2 a.m. , left nine people dead and several homes destroyed . Arbokko resident Josiah Ali said people were asleep when Boko Haram struck . "  The gunmen fired at people as they rushed out of their homes in a bid to escape , " Ali said . Thirteen people were seriously injured in the attack in Amuda , resident Pirda Takweshe said . Borno state police commissioner Lawan Tanko confirmed the attacks , but did not give details on casualties . Monday , Boko Haram stormed a military base and a police station in Yobe state , also in the northeast , security sources said . The attacks in the town of Buni Yadi left 18 soldiers and 15 police officers dead , the sources said . The group has stepped up its deadly raids on villages in Borno state in recent months . Boko Haram , which means "  western education is a sin , " is still holding more than 200 girls it abducted last month from a school in Chibok , also in Borno state . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south .	35 killed in latest Boko Haram attacks on villages in northeast Nigeria Militants threw Molotov cocktails at homes and shot residents who tried to escape The group still holds more than 200 schoolgirls it abducted in April
CNN  -- Two months after a California mall was closed following a devastating fire , authorities had to close it again Monday night after Christmas singers clogged the shopping center . "  The enthusiasm for the Halleluiah event tonight was far greater than anticipated by organizers , " said a statement from the Westfield Galleria at Roseville . "  Out of an abundance of caution , the center was evacuated . We apologize for this inconvenience . " The Sacramento Choral Society was holding what police called a "  well-publicized " event to sing the "  Hallelujah Chorus " in the mall 's food court , scheduled for 7:30 p.m. "  Come join our large Chorus of area Singers as they burst into Handel 's Hallelujah Chorus much to the surprise and delight of Shoppers in the Food Court of the recently reopened Westfield Galleria at Roseville , " the society 's website trumpeted ahead of the event . But less than an hour beforehand , too many people had crowded into the mall . "  At 6:45 p.m. , the Roseville Police and Fire communications center received reports that people in the food court heard popping noises and felt floor movement , " a police statement said . Engineers later checked the structural integrity of the mall and found it to be safe . The holiday crowd and choral singers eventually got to raise their voices in song , but in the parking lot . Police said the mall , located about 18 miles northwest of Sacramento , will reopen Tuesday at 8 a.m. . A large section of the mall burned on October 21 , after a man set it on fire while barricaded inside a video game store , during a standoff with police . An investigation later showed that the sprinker system was shut off for more than an hour during the blaze . The damage was so severe that California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency at the time . The governor 's order suspended the normal one-week waiting period for mall employees to seek unemployment benefits .	A massive fire shut down the mall in late October Christmas singers clog the mall People in the food court report popping noises and floor movement
CNN  -- Every day , thousands of children are living and working on the streets of Vietnam 's cities . Michael Brosowski is trying to give many of them a chance at a brighter future . Through Brosowski 's Blue Dragon Children 's Foundation , more than 350 Vietnamese children have been given safe shelter and enrolled in school . The organization has a network of programs in cities throughout Vietnam , and it recently broadened its efforts to combat child trafficking . So far , it has rescued more than 100 trafficked children . Brosowski recently spoke with CNN about the struggles facing Vietnam 's street children . CNN : Who are Vietnam 's street kids ? Michael Brosowski : When we were starting out back in 2002 , the kids were pretty much all boys coming from rural areas . And they were coming to make a little bit of money to supplement the family income . Mom and dad can hardly afford money to send the rest of the kids to school , ca n't afford to get enough food on the table , so they think , well , you might as well go to Hanoi and work . These days , we 're mostly coming across runaway children , and it 's where kids are having some kind of family problem . Poverty is usually part of the problem , but it 's not the only problem . Very often , there might be alcoholism , sometimes drug use . It might be that one of the parents has died and the remaining parent has remarried and then that new husband and wife couple do n't want the kids from the previous marriage . So kids are ending up now on the streets of Hanoi more because they feel unwanted at home rather than coming here to earn money to support the family . CNN : What dangers do the kids face on the streets in Vietnam ? Brosowski : The dangers now are much greater , and there are more of them than when we started out . There 's a lot more gang activity on the streets and a lot more cases of trafficking . One reason that street kids here in Vietnam are mostly boys is that the families have this view that the girls should be somewhere safe and secure , but the boys are fine  and  they can wander around at will . In reality , they 're not fine . In reality , the boys are facing gangs , they 're facing arrest . And the longer they 're out on the street , the worse habits they learn . There are gangs selling heroin , and heroin here is very cheap , widely accessible and a lot of people 's job is to get young people hooked on it so that then they 've got to start buying it . Meanwhile , the girls ... they 're going to end up in positions that can very often be exploitative or abusive . So we 've also got to think about how to protect the girls . Watch Brosowski meet a girl who was almost trafficked CNN : What are some of the challenges you and your group encounter when working with street kids ? Brosowski : As satisfying as  this work  is , it 's not easy . One of the things I always tell my staff is , "  It 's never the end of the story . " Today , there might be a kid who is getting in trouble , has broken the law , he 's had a fight in our center , he 's told the staff to get lost . Tomorrow , that same kid might really start to make a change in their life . But equally there can be a kid doing really well today -- doing his best at school , behaving well . And tomorrow he might be out there stealing with a gang . So our work is never finished , in a sense . There 's always something more that could happen , and I think that 's the biggest frustration for us . Sometimes there are kids we 've worked with for a year who 've then come back at night , broken in and robbed us . That 's what hurts us all the most , because we take that personally . We put so much of ourselves into the kids . But we 've had kids do that and then come back to us later really sorry . And they 've actually come back to make amends . And that 's more powerful still to have someone who 's been with us and then gone astray and then come back , because I think that shows the power of our work . See the full story on CNN Hero Michael Brosowski : Giving Vietnam 's street kids a chance CNN 's Danielle Berger and Alex Zolbert contributed to this report .	CNN Hero Michael Brosowski is helping Vietnam 's street children turn their lives around Many of them are runaways who feel unwanted at home , Brosowski says Among the dangers they face are gangs , drugs and child traffickers
EW.com  -- Newsflash : '80s icon Molly Ringwald is still cool . Like , really cool . "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " star just did an "  Ask Me Anything " interview on social news site/intense Internet community Reddit , and by all accounts , it was a smashing success . Over the course of a few hours , Ringwald shared anecdotes from her John Hughes-directed heyday , proved she knows a thing or two about the site 's unique memes , and poked fun at Woody Harrelson , whose own AMA interview went disastrously wrong this past February . Ringwald does n't have a project to promote ; "  Secret Life " is in the middle of its fourth season , and though she 's working on a jazz album , it wo n't be released until next spring . Maybe that 's why she was so loose and funny on Reddit . Here , for example , is how she responded when a user asked about her famous "  Breakfast Club " lipstick trick : "  Regarding lipstick , it 's all movie magic . There is a story behind that : John Hughes wrote it but never actually thought about me having to do it . He kept putting it off until the end of filming that long scene . I kept bringing it up , like , ` Hey . We got ta figure this out . Are we going to have robotic breasts ? ' Finally we decided it was better to see less and let everyone assume that I was particularly skilled . " Robotic breasts ! When someone asked for details about a proposed "  Sixteen Candles " sequel : "  I do n't remember much about it , but the script eventually became ` Avatar . ' " The best part of the interview , though , came when accioc asked , "  How did you manage to get hotter with age ? " Though I 've already spoiled Ringwald 's answer here , it 's worth repeating anyway : "  I drink the blood of Kristen Stewart . "  Also worth noting is user cheryldad33â $ ² s response to Ringwald 's response : "  I had assumed that blood would be stale and lifeless . " This , celebrities , is how you can convince the Internet 's cynical denizens that you 're more than an empty vessel : Do your research , do n't be afraid to stray from talking points , and above all else , show off your personality .  Unless you 're not funny in real life , I guess . Read Ringwald 's full interview -- there 's plenty more stuff about her '80s movies in there , as well as a truly great "  American Psycho " reference -- then tell us : What 's your favorite part of this AMA ? Oh , and P.S. -- Molly Ringwald is also on Twitter now . Just do n't try to get her attention by tweeting , "  What 's happening , hot stuff ? " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Molly Ringwald just did an "  Ask Me Anything " interview on Reddit Ringwald shared anecdotes from her John Hughes-directed heyday "  Secret Life " is in the middle of its fourth season
CNN  -- Kevin McCarthy , whose 65-year-long acting career included the horror classic "  Invasion of the Body Snatchers , " died Saturday . He was 96 . The chiseled-jaw character actor appeared in hundreds of films and television shows , starting in 1945 , according to the Internet Movie Database . McCarthy died of natural causes at Cape Cod Hospital in Hyannis , Massachusetts , according to hospital spokeswoman Robin Lord . In addition to "  Body Snatchers " in 1956 , McCarthy was known for his role as Biff in the film adaptation of Arthur Miller 's "  Death of a Salesman , " released in 1951 . He was nominated for a best supporting actor Oscar and won a Golden Globe for that performance . McCarthy also frequently appeared on Broadway , including his one-man show "  Give 'Em Hell , Harry ! " in which he played President Harry Truman .	McCarthy died of natural causes in Massachusetts McCarthy was in hundreds of movies , TV shows , stage plays He won a Golden Globe and got an Oscar nod for "  Death of a Salesman "
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has won the Deutsche Bank Championship by one stroke after shooting a final round 67 at the TPC Boston on Monday . The Northern Irishman finished on 20-under par , one stroke in front of overnight leader Louis Oosthuizen , who fired a final round 71 . The victory takes McIlroy 's career tally of PGA Tour victories to five , three of which have come this season . Tiger Woods finished third on 18-under par thanks to a final round 66 with Phil Mickelson  66  and Dustin Johnson  70  tied for fourth on 14 under . McIlroy , who regained the world No. 1 spot with victory in last month 's U.S.PGA Championship , surged to the top of the leaderboard early on in his final round , firing five birdies on the opening nine . It was a lead he never relinquished , despite the best efforts of Woods and , in particular , Oosthuizen -- the South African had a chance to force a playoff on the final green , but missed his birdie putt . The win sees McIlroy replace American Nick Watney at the top of the FedExCup points standings while in finishing third , Woods passed another milestone in his remarkable career . The 14-time major winner picked up $ 544,000 , helping him become the first player to surpass $ 100 million in PGA Tour earnings .	Northern Irishman shoots a final round 67 to claim a one stroke victory Overnight leader , Louis Ooshuizen finishes second ; Tiger Woods two shots back in third Woods becomes first player to earn $ 100 million on the PGA Tour
A weekend midair collision over northern Wisconsin sent one small plane careening into the ground while another limped safely back to the runway . Fortunately , both planes were carrying skydivers -- meaning that for the 11 people aboard the two aircraft , the collision resulted in nothing more than minor injuries to two of them , firefighters reported . "  It 's definitely a reminder of the danger of the sport that we all love , " Skydive Superior instructor Mike Robinson told CNN affiliate KQDS . The crash happened Saturday evening over Superior , Wisconsin , near the Minnesota state line . It happened as the two planes were flying close by as the skydivers prepared to jump in formation , Superior Fire Department Battalion Chief Vern Johnson told CNN . Robinson said the lead plane , which crashed , had four skydivers aboard along with its pilot ; the trailing plane had five parachutists . Johnson said the pilot of the lead plane told firefighters that before the jump , he heard a loud bang and his windshield shattered . The plane caught fire and broke up in midair , but the skydivers and the pilot all parachuted to safety . Plane carrying skydivers crashes in Belgium "  Everybody got out safely . The pilot got out safely , used his emergency parachute and landed , " Robinson said . "  In the trail plane , all five jumpers got out of the airplane safely and landed safely . " The pilot of the plane that crashed "  was visibly bloodied about his face and shirt and had one hand wrapped in a garment , but was otherwise lucid , alert and oriented , " Johnson said . The pilot of the trailing plane landed safely and picked up the pilot of the crashed aircraft along the runway as he taxied in , Johnson said . Another Superior Fire Department official , Battalion Chief Steve Edwards , said one other person also suffered minor injuries . Wingsuit flier dies after cliff crash horror Skydive Superior posted a message on its Facebook page thanking supporters "  during this very difficult time for us . "  The jumpers and pilots have been through a very surreal experience , and they are lucky and thankful to be alive , " it said . In August : Skydiving instructor dies , student critically injured after jump gone awry	Skydiving planes collide over Wisconsin ; one crashes The pilot and his passengers all parachuted to safety "  It 's definitely a reminder of the danger of the sport that we all love , " instructor says
CNN  -- Starting Monday , same-sex couples will be allowed to marry in New Jersey . The New Jersey Supreme Court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages last week , clearing the way . Some ceremonies already are planned . U.S. Sen.-elect Cory Booker , the current Newark mayor , plans to recognize the marriages of several same-sex couples at 12:01 a.m. . The couples will be married at City Hall , according to the Facebook page of gay rights group Garden State Equality . Troy Stevenson , executive director of the group , said last week that the high court 's decision means "  the door is open for love , commitment and equality under the law . " "  This is a huge victory for New Jersey 's same-sex couples and their families , " added Hayley Gorenberg , deputy legal director of gay rights group Lambda Legal and the organization 's lead attorney on the case . "  Take out the champagne glasses -- wedding bells will soon be ringing in New Jersey ! " That enthusiasm was not shared by everyone . "  It is extremely disappointing that the New Jersey Supreme Court has allowed the ruling of an activist judge to stand pending its appeal through the court system , " said Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , last week . "  All in all , today 's ruling is another sad chapter in watching our courts usurp the rights of voters to determine issues like this for themselves . " Gov. Chris Christie 's administration appealed -- and asked the court to delay -- a lower court 's September 27 order that the state must allow same-sex couples to marry beginning October 21 , rather than give them the label "  civil union . " The appeal will be heard in January . But the state Supreme Court on Friday declined to delay the September order in the meantime , writing that "  the state has not shown a reasonable probability that it will succeed on the merits " of the appeal . "  When a party presents a clear case of ongoing unequal treatment , and asks the court to vindicate constitutionally protected rights , a court may not sidestep its obligation to rule for an indefinite amount of time , " the 20-page decision read . "  Under those circumstances , courts do not have the option to defer . " New Jersey has recognized civil unions between same-sex couples since 2007 , after the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that the state must allow same-sex couples all the rights and benefits of marriage . As far as state rights and benefits went , civil unions and marriages differed only in label . New Jersey is one of four states that offer civil unions , but not marriage , to same-sex couples . The others are Colorado , Hawaii and Illinois . Same-sex marriage is legal in 13 U.S states -- California , Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington -- as well as the District of Columbia . Same-sex marriage is banned in every state not mentioned above , except for New Mexico , which has no laws banning or allowing it .	Newark mayor plans to recognize the marriages of several same-sex couples A court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages last week New Jersey has allowed same-sex civil unions since 2007
CNN Student News  -- March 24 , 2014 President Obama is covering a lot of ground and serious subjects on an overseas trip . Today , we 'll take a map-filled trek through his itinerary . Also : Will Scotland once again become an independent nation ? And if so , how could that affect the Union Jack ? We 'll explore the possibilities , and we 'll bring you a Character Study of a baseball player who helped save an umpire 's life . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources might you consult if you wanted to see what issues were most important to leaders of countries outside your own ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . landslide 2 . Union Jack 3 . CPR Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is President Obama heading on his latest trip outside the U.S. ? What are some of the issues that will be discussed in meetings there ? Why might it be difficult to convince some European leaders to support further sanctions on Russia 's government ? With whom is the president meeting in Rome ? 2 . Where is Scotland ? What major issue will the people of Scotland decide in six months ? What are some of the arguments for and against secession ? If Scotland votes for independence from the UK , how might it affect the economies of Scotland and Great Britain ? What is the Union Jack ? How might a vote for independence affect this symbol on the British flag ? What did respondents to a recent survey decide ? Why do some say that the flag would n't change at all ? 3 . What kind of natural disaster struck two towns in the state of Washington on Saturday ? What conditions prompted these events ? What challenges are rescuers facing ? 4 . What did Alex Norwood do when he saw an umpire having a medical emergency on the field ? What did his coach have to say about what Alex did ? What does Alex think of the action he took ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How do you think that President Obama prepares for meetings with other heads of state ? Who do you think helps him to prepare for these meetings ? What is diplomacy ? How is high-level diplomacy , like a presidential visit , an important part of a country 's foreign policy ? What , if anything , do you think such visits accomplish ? 2 . What do you think is gained and lost when voters choose to create a new , independent country ? What challenges might come with forming a new government and protecting the new country ? What steps might the new leaders take to encourage their country 's success ? 3 . What is CPR ? Have you ever taken a CPR training class ? If so , do you think you 'd be able to use it if it were needed to save a life ? If you have never taken a CPR class , is this something you 'd ever like to learn ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani protesters flooded onto Constitution Avenue in Islamabad for another day of demonstrations Sunday , demanding a solution to the growing political crisis wracking the country . At least three people have died in the fighting so far , according to Dr. Ayesha Isani , the spokeswoman for the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences in Islamabad . Local news crews , including cameramen from three different channels , were attacked by police trying to disperse protesters Sunday . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is vowing to remain on the job , despite the violent demonstrations against his government . Security is tight on Constitution Avenue , Pakistan 's main political artery , where the nation 's major state institutions , including Parliament and the Supreme Court , are located . Protesters again threatened to march on the prime minister 's house in Islamabad , as they did Saturday . Sharif has failed to negotiate a solution with the protesters and last week asked the military for help brokering an end to the crisis . About 450 people have been injured in clashes , according to the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences and Polytechnic Hospital . Pakistan 's defense minister defended the use of tear gas . "  Tear gas is a normal practice undertaken all over the world to disperse a crowd . It is something that is an alternative to using force , " Minister Khawaja Asif said . "  The situation had precipitated to a point that if action had not been taken then it would have been a free fall for the government . " At least 8,000 people have rallied in the city 's center after allegations of vote-rigging during last year 's election . Negotiations between Sharif 's government and his opponents , some of whom are calling for his resignation , have reached an impasse . Sharif has said he will not resign -- a demand he has called "  unconstitutional . " Imran Khan -- an enigmatic former cricket star who leads one of Pakistan 's largest political parties -- has led the two-week protests . Khan is demanding new elections , while outspoken cleric Tahir ul-Qadri -- who wants to overhaul the country 's political system -- is demanding much more sweeping reforms . "  The leaders of this country should forget that we will ever back down , " Qadri told the media Sunday . As the protests have grown in size and scope , the army has stationed personnel at government buildings in case protesters try to occupy them . In Karachi , the scene was stable but tense Sunday as the Muttahida Quami Movement party called for a day of mourning . Shops were closed , and there was little activity on the streets of Pakistan 's largest city . Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Joshua Berlinger and journalist Adeel Raja contributed to this report .	NEW : Three people have died in the violent unrest since Saturday NEW : News crews from several lslamabad stations have been attacked by police About 450 people were injured in clashes , health officials say Protesters have taken to the streets in Islamabad for two weeks
CNN  -- Nobody likes politicians . Ever since Jimmy Carter won his way to the White House in 1976 by assuring voters that they could trust him in contrast to the more experienced opponents he faced , both Republican and Democratic candidates have tended to boast about every part of their resume that can distinguish themselves from the Washington status quo . In 2008 , then-Sen . Barack Obama undercut the "  inevitable " Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton by running as the candidate who was the least corrupted by the bargaining ways of Capitol Hill . Through its portrayal of Sen. John McCain 's selection of Sarah Palin , the HBO film "  Game Change " effectively captures just how far political candidates are willing to go to have this appeal . This year , the story is the same . Although President Obama is boasting of his accomplishments in the White House as the nation 's leader , he is also using Congress as a foil to lambaste the way that the "  real " insiders in the capital do their business . Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum have tried to transform themselves from pillars of the congressional Republican establishment into conservative mavericks , while front-runner Mitt Romney talks frequently about how he would bring the skills of a CEO to Washington . The problem is that doing well in Washington requires a very different kind of skill set than the ones that business executives or mavericks bring to the table . Each of these claims is flawed -- as Obama himself discovered -- given the world in which presidents must operate . Presidents govern in a porous world that makes every move and decision visible to the public within a relatively short time span . Constant scrutiny from the media means the president essentially works inside glass walls . A CEO enjoys a certain amount of space in which to work through the different options on the table , and even some room to make some mistakes in the process , before announcing a final decision . Both Presidents Carter  with "  Lancegate "  and Obama  with the Solyndra scandal  have found out how impossible it is to maintain the image of the maverick once under the constant scrutiny of the media . Moreover , the experiences of the CEO and the outsider do little to prepare a candidate for the government 's separation of power . The fact is that the president only gets partial control of the mechanisms to run Washington . In his second year as president , John Kennedy admitted , "  The fact is that I think Congress looks more powerful sitting here than it did when I was in Congress ... when you are in Congress , you are one of a hundred in the Senate or one of 435 in the House , so that power is divided . But from here I look at a Congress and I look at the collective power of the Congress ... and it is a substantial power . " While the CEO does have to report to a board of directors , chief executives do n't have to share their own authority with a legislature such as Congress -- two other decision-making authorities that carry great weight , each of which has very different incentives and interests . A recent piece by The New York Times made Romney 's gubernatorial experiences sound a lot like Carter 's presidency , as the former businessman had immense trouble interacting with members of the state Legislature in Massachusetts . According to one Democratic state senator , "  Romney did n't want to deal with legislators . Typically , the governor wants to have a productive relationship with the legislature . That is not something that happened with him . " Similarly , like it or not , it is hard to act as an outsider once daily life involves dealing with hundreds of insiders with considerable power . A president can talk about reforming government and working outside the system , but will only be able to accomplish things by making deals with the very forces and through the very processes they detest . Once presidents start to do so , they look more like the Washington insiders against which they ran . Finally , presidents have millions of bosses . While the CEO can focus his or her energy on pleasing shareholders or the board of directors and the outsider often does not have to report to anyone at all , the president is being judged by millions of bosses -- the American voters -- each with different interests and objectives . Notwithstanding the constant discussion of a "  red " and "  blue " America , the reality is much messier than that . In certain respects , if the nation was divided so clearly along these lines governance would be easier . As presidents start to make tough choices about what legislation to propose and what bills to sign into law , the challenge of having to please so many bosses becomes evident . Indeed , Obama has struggled in recent months to rebuild the coalition that frayed as many of his decisions angered core supporters and alienated the moderate voters he won over in 2008 . In the end , presidential politics is about surviving and thriving in Washington . The kinds of talents that so many candidates like to boast about these days really have little to do with the institutions that the winner will have to govern . It 's time to recognize that having a deep political resume is more of a virtue than a vice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Mitt Romney stresses that his career outside Washington is a plus In 2008 , Barack Obama ran as an outsider who was capable of fixing Washington Zelizer : The reality is a president has to be able to operate inside the political system A long political resume should be seen as a plus , not a negative , Zelizer says
Editor 's note : Journalist Karl Penhaul spent several weeks tracking the gangs of the Mexican underworld , the corrupt officials who support them and the cops trying to halt the violence . This is the second of three exclusive reports . Part one looked at the violent rules gangs live by . The faithful leave this "  Holy Death " statue offerings including cigarettes and cocaine , visible in the nose . CULIACAN , Mexico  CNN  -- A baseball cap dangles from a cement cross . The slogan on the hat reads "  power , money , respect . " On the brim there 's the logo of the classic gangster movie "  Scarface . " Etched on the gravestone , the words : "  Jesus Guadalupe Parra . 12 December 1986 to 25 August 2008 . " "  Lupito , " as friends and family knew him , went down in a hail of bullets before he reached 22 . Authorities said he died alongside three others in a gunfight with a rival drug gang high in the Sierra Madre mountain range that is the backbone of Mexico 's Pacific coast state of Sinaloa . A printed banner draped over his tomb offers a deeper insight . It shows a photo of him alongside a marijuana plantation and an AK-47 assault rifle fitted with a 100-round ammunition drum . The drab grave of this cartel triggerman , at the Jardines de Humaya cemetery in state capital Culiacan , stands in stark contrast to the mausoleums of dead capos , or drug bosses . Those are elaborate two - and three-story constructions , some perhaps 25 feet high , made of bullet-proof glass , Italian marble and spiral iron staircases . A bricklayer at work in the cemetery told me the fanciest cost between $ 75,000 and $ 150,000 . He said grateful drug barons often pay for loyal hitmen to be buried here , the city 's toniest graveyard . Like so many other people we 've met over the last few weeks , he declined to give his name or speak on camera . "  I ca n't . El patron -LSB- the boss -RSB- would kill me , " he said . Days later I track down Lupito 's cousin , Giovanni Garcia , on the phone . He 's an undertaker and by coincidence he took the call that Lupito had been shot . "  My cousin loved that way of life , " Garcia said briefly before turning down a recorded interview . "  We ca n't talk . You must understand how things are around here these days . It 's not a good time . " That Sunday , I linger at Lupito 's graveside . Three young men show up . They look about the same age as the dead gunman , the same cropped-hair , one heavily scarred around his eye . In the breeze they struggle to light a dozen foot-high candles . I introduce myself . A few grunts later and I can see this conversation is going nowhere fast . "  We could n't make it to the burial . This is the first time we 've come to pay our respects , " one of them explained . He never offered his name . Drug rivalries have been known to spill over at funerals so many mourners opt to stay away leaving only the closest relatives to bury their dead quietly and without public complaints . I stick around hoping to meet more talkative mourners . My wait is cut short . A fourth man appears between the tombstones some 20 yards away , apparently having seen me . As he talks into a phone I hear him say : "  Hey , take your chance . Go grab f**king baldy . " I look around . No other bald men in sight -- just me . Time to leave . At Jardines de Humaya and across town at the 21 de Marzo cemetery , rows of recently dug graves are filled with the young foot soldiers of Mexico 's drug war . A crosscheck of their names in the obituary columns of the local newspaper reveal tales of men in their late teens and early 20s , gunned down in firefights , shot in cold blood on their doorsteps or killed in prison clashes . Jesus Gaston earns around $ 40 for every three graves he digs . But he can see the lure of easy money in the drug trade is little more than a mirage . "  The easy money lasts for just a few days because it 's all about time before they kill you too . You kill somebody and somebody will come back for you , " he said . "  Some how , some way they will find you . " When the reality boils down to kill or be killed , it 's unsurprising the hitmen and the narco-traffickers want to improve their odds of survival . Most days , you can hear a brass band or a cowboy trio thumping out tunes in a small building on a Culiacan side street . It 's a shrine to a highway robber called Jesus Malverde . In the century since he died he 's become known as the patron saint of the drug trade . Watch men pay respects to their narco-saint " Men in cowboy hats and ostrich-skin boots duck in and out of view . Some try to conceal their faces behind a musician 's trombone or tuba . The day I dropped in , one man was paying around $ 600 for a band to play for three hours . Off camera he told me it was his way of repaying a favor to Malverde . I asked him about that favor and he said he was celebrating a bumper harvest -- of beans and corn . He said he was shy about appearing on camera . I told another man , who gave his name as "  Rosario , " that he looked like a stereotypical narco . He had the ostrich-skin cowboy boots and shaved head . Besides that he seemed to be spending a small fortune , by Mexican standards , on live music , foot-high candles and fresh flowers to place at Malverde 's altar . Rosario laughed off my suggestion and laughed again in my face as he told me he was paying tribute to Malverde after a good few months working as a carpet fitter in Arizona . It was refreshing to find a straight-talking trombone player at the shrine , Jaime Laveaga . He makes his living playing music and he 's clear about who his main clients are . "  It sounds bad to say it but Culiacan is a city with a big drug mafia . They like brass band music and they love to celebrate -- 15th birthdays , weddings , family birthdays . They even celebrate their dogs ' birthdays , " he explained . Needless to say , the Catholic Church takes a dim view of those who worship Malverde and another growing cult known as the "  Holy Death , " which critics say is also popular among thieves and narcos . "  People are looking for easy solutions where they do n't have to make any sacrifices . If they do n't find any support for their killings or their drug trafficking from the Catholic Church then they look for other options , " Father Esteban Robles , spokesman for the Culiacan diocese told me . "  They 're looking for something that will justify their actions . " Tomorrow , Penhaul examines how the gangs dispose of their victims and what officials are doing to stem the violence .	Graveyards in Mexican town show tributes to gang leaders and hitmen "  Lupito , " who a relative said loved hitman life , was killed when he was 21 Cartel bosses are buried in mausoleums surrounded by bullet-proof glass Followers pay bands , leave tributes including cocaine at shrines to cult heroes
CNN  -- When the University of California regents were looking for a new president for perhaps the best public university system in the world -- with 10 campuses and more than 230,000 students -- they chose Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano ? What ? Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio was n't available ? At UCLA , UC Berkeley , and the other UC campuses , students who are undocumented immigrants -- the so-called DREAM ` ers -- should be packing their stuff and seeking sanctuary at the nearest community college . One day , all UC students might need to produce their green cards , birth certificates , or proof of citizenship when they enroll . Soon there will be a new sheriff in town . One who makes Wyatt Earp look like Andy Taylor . It 's easy to see why Napolitano might wants this plum assignment -- outgoing president Mark Yudof makes $ 591,000 , triple her salary at DHS .  Yudof 's total compensation : $ 847,149  . The real question is why should Californians want her ? After all , this is a state where the population is more than 38 % Hispanic . And , in the first three years of the Obama administration , with Napolitano -- a former Arizona governor -- at the helm riding herd over Obama 's immigration policy , Hispanics were vocal in expressing their anger with them . The president was heckled at the National Council of La Raza conference in July 2011 over the failure to honor his campaign promise to make immigration reform a priority , the record number of deportations on his watch , and his refusal to grant deferred status to DREAM ` ers . In Dec 2011 , a survey by the Pew Hispanic Center found that Hispanics disapproved of the administration 's handling of the immigration issue by a ratio of more than 2 to 1 -- 59 % to 27 % . In June 2012 , Obama announced an accommodation for DREAM ` ers where they could apply for deferred status , get a work permit and avoid deportation for two years . But those early years , 2009 to 2011 , were terrible , and Napolitano took much of the flak . She is still persona non grata in parts of the Hispanic community . In a statement last week , Arturo Carmona , executive director of Presente.org , a grass-roots organization that goes to bat for immigrants and seeks to give Latinos a voice in politics , was refreshingly direct . Napolitano will , he said , "  go into the halls of history as President Barack Obama 's go-to person for implementing the most repressive anti-Latino and anti-immigrant policies our nation has ever seen . " Meanwhile , Obama said this : "  Since Day One , Janet has led my administration 's effort to secure our borders , deploying a historic number of resources , while also taking steps to make our immigration system fairer and more consistent with our values . " At current rates , by the end of 2014 the Obama administration will have deported 2 million people , forced local police departments across the country through the Secure Communities program to enforce federal immigration law in an Arizona-crackdown style , divided hundreds of thousands of families , and -- according to data recently obtained by the Chicago-based National Immigration Justice Center through the Freedom of Information Act -- held hundreds of immigrant minors in adult detention facilities without access to legal counsel , for periods ranging from three days to six months . Are these the values you 're talking about , Mr. President ? Napolitano is a convenient villain for the Left . Yet she merely carried out the president 's immigration strategy , which is three parts heavy-handed enforcement to one part feel-good rhetoric about supporting immigration reform with little action to back up the words . This is the game that Obama and Napolitano have been running . Obama would talk about how he 'd like to suspend the deportations ; then Napolitano would deliver the reality check and say : "  No way , Jose . " Obama would address a Latino group and assure them -- falsely it turns out -- that the only people being deported are violent criminals ; and Napolitano would brag to Congress about how her department has deported record numbers of people with all sorts of backgrounds and promise to remove more next year . Obama was the good cop , and Napolitano was the bad cop . Now the bad cop is on her way out , and we 're going to see how "  good " the good cop really is . Now that Napolitano is headed to California , many of us are holding our breath . Who knows what is coming our way ? Meanwhile , immigration reform advocates should hold their applause . Her boss is still in Washington , and he is still in charge of an immigration policy that has , for the last four and a half years , wreaked havoc on countless lives . Regardless of who replaces Napolitano , expect more of the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Napolitano DHS deportation record should worry students at UC He says her boss , Obama , lagged on immigration reform , but not on record deportations He says Napolitano has been "  bad cop " to Obama 's empty "  good cop " rhetoric on immigration He says reform advocates should be concerned over whom Obama taps next for her job
Washington  CNN  -- Forget about pushing voters to the polls in the final 72 hours . Republican war rooms are now just as focused on turning voters into votes weeks before Election Day . In their multi-front battle to win back the Senate and hold on to governor mansions , Republican operatives do n't want their supporters to wait until Nov. 4 , and they 're investing real money , technology and manpower to try to match Democrats , on a playing field the left has dominated in recent contests . Many credit an early voting advantage by Democrats for playing a key role in the 2012 presidential elections . The practice has upended the traditional electoral calendar and Republicans have revamped their approach , at a time when 33 states and the District of Columbia now offer some form of early voting . In key battleground states like Georgia , where early voting begins Monday , Republican operations are pouring more resources than ever into get-out-the-vote efforts ahead of Election Day . In Iowa , where residents have been voting for the last two weeks , Republicans are already starting to close the gap with Democrats after investing more than $ 1 million to mobilize early voters . That 's a stark contrast to past election cycles when Republicans "  focused barely any resources on it , " Iowa Republican Party spokesman Jeff Patch said . "  This midterm election cycle in particular has been the most early vote centered than any other election in previous history , " Patch said . "  I think we 're going to make a huge dent . " In just the last week , Republicans have requested absentee ballots at a faster rate than Democrats -- more than doubling their count compared to just a 40 % increase for Democrats in the last 10 days , according to numbers provided by the Iowa Secretary of State 's office . Registered Republicans have also mailed in their early ballots at a faster pace than Democrats . And while both parties have gotten their voters to submit more ballots than in 2010 so far , early Republican votes have more than doubled from 2010 while Democrats have only posted a 36 % bump . But Democrats still lead overall by more than 11,000 early votes and while Republicans expect to continue closing the gap , they do n't believe they 'll undo their rivals in the early vote count -- at least not this cycle . "  They 're playing catch up , " Iowa Democratic Party communications director Christina Freundlich said . "  They 're trying to teach their base about -LSB- early voting -RSB- . So we 're already a couple steps ahead of them on that . We know that our base is going to be voting early . " Like her Republican counterparts in Iowa and other states , Freundlich declined to share early voting targets and program specifics . But Democrats are doing well , increasing their early voting turnout from the 2010 midterm as Democratic ballot requests already account for more than half of all requests . And in Georgia , Republicans have spent months in the ramp up to early voting season building what Georgia GOP spokesman Ryan Mahoney called "  the largest grassroots operation the party has had in modern history . " "  This is by far the most infrastructure that we 've had in place , " Mahoney said . "  In years past , this would be the point where everyone would start opening up headquarters and making calls . " Instead , Republicans in the state have already cranked out about 700,000 calls and have about 1,000 "  grassroots leaders " working a strengthened fieldwork operation thanks to smartphone "  walk apps " that have replaced bulky walk books that had to be manually logged into the database . Compounded with a "  robust mail program , " automated phone calls , emails and a social media push , Republicans in the state are hoping to mobilize more supporters to vote early for Gov. Nathan Deal and Republican Senate candidate David Perdue , who are both locked in competitive races . Those efforts have helped Republicans identify those supporters in a state with no partisan voter registration -- and now the race is on to turn them out , and early . Those supporters will now hear from fieldworkers next week -- many for at least the second time -- reminding them that early voting has started . "  We just have a lot on the line . We have highly competitive gubernatorial race and U.S. Senate race going along for almost six months . Republicans wanted to be a part of this -LSB- early voting push . -RSB- We wanted to make sure that we set a precedent , " Mahoney said . "  We want to let voters , the national media and also Democrats know that this is a red state and we 're not going to give an inch . " Democrats are n't rolling over to let Republicans catch up , though , and the DNC 's Vice Chair of Voter Registration and Participation Donna Brazile said the Democratic turnout operation has been operating in every state that has early voting . "  These elections are all about turning people out , " Brazile said . "  Democrats definitely can not afford to have the kind of drop off we saw in 2010 . We 're redoubling our efforts . " RNC officials are also laser-focused on ramping up their early vote turnout operation , Republican National Committee spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said . "  We know that we need to increase our voter base to win in November and that means turning out voters who do n't typically vote in mid-term elections , " Kukowski said in an email . "  We 've always done absentee and early vote GOTV but we 've put a new emphasis on it and broadened our efforts . " This year Republicans launched a voter mobilization website that helps people figure out where they can vote early and encourages them to take up the "  vote challenge " on Facebook to encourage their friends to vote -- Ã la ice bucket challenge . And the increased and more targeted data in RNC databases is going right into fieldworkers ' hands , integrating email and social media campaigns that encourage Republicans to vote early with boots on the ground for the first time , Kukowski said . In the perennial battleground state of Iowa , Republican officials have even brought in outside helping , hiring strategist David Kochel to boost the party 's early turnout operation . "  We 're confident that we 're going to have the kind of results that will make it very difficult for Democrats to get the kind of lead that they need to win statewide elections this year , " Kochel said . Kochel said his efforts are part voter mobilization , part stimulating cultural change among Republican voters who tend to prefer the traditional , polling booth method of voting on the first Tuesday of November . Even Kochel said he still prefers to vote on Election Day , and does . And Kochel said Republicans are looking to capitalize on a high-energy midterm election that is expected to generate higher turnout than the 2010 midterm -- pushing voters to mail in their vote ahead of Nov. 4 will help Republicans better manage Election Day efforts . "  You never know what 's going to happen late in the campaign , " Kochel said . "  There are twists and turns that happen in the campaign . You 'd rather chase your voters early and get them in the door . " And state party officials say Republican candidates Joni Ernst and Gov. Terry Branstad have also been more visible in driving voters to flood the early vote . The focus on early voting in Iowa came this summer when the governor 's campaign pushed the state party to make early voter mobilization a priority . " -LSB- Branstad -RSB- made it really clear that this is how they thought that Republicans needed to run their campaigns and their party to get back to winning not just the U.S. Senate race but state senate races as well , " Patch said . But even Patch concedes that Republicans have been playing catch-up , not just on the early voting front , but also in overall fieldwork this summer . "  Ultimately , I do n't think anyone in the Republican Party is going to say we had a better ground game than the Democrats did in June or July , " Patch said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we 've rapidly raised the resources to be competitive . "	Republican operations are pouring more resources than ever into early voting . Democrats say they 've had the early voting advantage and that the GOP wo n't bridge the gap . Iowa Republicans have invested $ 1 million specifically for mobilizing early voters . Early voting starts in Georgia on Monday .
URUMQI , China  CNN  -- Chinese police had detained at least 1,434 people by Tuesday morning following weekend demonstrations by ethnic Uyghur residents in Xinjiang province , Xinhua reported , citing government officials , as protests spread to more cities . Chinese riot police patrol a street in Urumqi in Xinjiang province on July 6 . Streets had reverted to calm and curfews were in force in major districts of Urumqi as the death toll mounted from rioting . Police halted people who had gathered in nearby Yili Kazak Prefecture and Aksu City and dispersed more than 200 people who had tried to gather in nearby Kashgar at the Id Kah Mosque , the largest mosque in China , the news agency said . Along the road into Kashgar from the airport , many areas were deserted ; residents said police had set up blockades in some areas and were rerouting traffic . The regional public security department put the toll from riots at 156 deaths and more than 800 injuries , according to Xinhua , the state-run news agency . Watch more on violence in Xinjiang " That was an increase from the 140 deaths reported at noon Monday . "  Among the 16 newly reported dead , some died in hospitals and others were recovered from street corners , the police said , " according to Xinhua . With a massive presence of soldiers and anti-riot squads , the government said Tuesday , the unrest in this capital of China 's far-west Xinjiang region had been brought under control . See a map of Xinjiang " In a rare public display of dissatisfaction , thousands of Uyghurs -- many of whom feel they are treated as second-class citizens and complain of being discriminated against by the majority Han Chinese -- took to the streets Sunday chanting and screaming , which prompted a police lockdown of the city . "  Traffic control was partially lifted Monday morning in parts of Urumqi ... but tension still exists in the city , " Xinhua said . "  Debris has been cleared from the roads and normal traffic has resumed . Workers are still pulling away damaged vehicles from the worst-affected roads in the city . " Watch victims describe the riots in Urumqi " Most businesses in the area where the violence took place remained closed Monday , Xinhua said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video , commentary State-run media reported that protesters attacked passersby , burned public buses and blocked traffic Sunday . The report did not say how many people took part in the protest or what their grievances were . But a witness in Urumqi told CNN that soon after the protest started about 5 p.m. , hundreds of protesters "  grew into easily over 1,000 -- men , women and children , all ethnic Uyghurs -- screaming and chanting . " Police arrived quickly and tried to control the swelling crowd by erecting barriers in the street , but "  people pushed them over , " the witness said . "  They were throwing rocks at passing cars and buses . " As the violence escalated , hundreds of riot police arrived , the witness said . "  They used tear gas and fire hoses to disperse the crowd . I saw fire trucks , ambulances , armed personnel carriers and what looked like tanks . I heard random gunshots . " Late Sunday , the witness said , Urumqi was in a lockdown , with hundreds of People 's Liberation Army soldiers in the streets . He reported seeing riot police chasing protesters into alleys and rounding up many of them . The witness speculated that the protest , which took place in the predominantly Uyghur-populated Bazaar district , may have been a reaction to racial violence in southern China . The violence reportedly happened at a toy factory in Guangdong province , where many migrants , including Uyghurs , have moved in search of work . A massive brawl reportedly broke out between workers of Uyghur and Han nationalities . Two Uyghurs reportedly died . Xinjiang is home to many Uyghurs . China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . However , ethnic tensions run deep . Minority groups such as the Uyghurs complain that they are subjected to discrimination by the majority Han nationality . The World Uyghur Congress , a dissident Uyghur group based in Munich , Germany , condemned the crackdown on what it described in a written statement as Sunday 's "  peaceful protest " by Uyghurs . "  The Chinese authorities should acknowledge that the peaceful protest was sparked by the unlawful mob beating and killing of Uyghur workers at a Guangdong toy factory more than a week ago , " it said . "  The authorities should also acknowledge that their failure to take any meaningful action to punish the Chinese mob for the brutal murder of Uyghurs is the real cause of this protest . " It accused Chinese authorities of having "  used tear gas , automatic rifles and armored vehicles to disperse the Uyghur protesters . During the crackdown , some were shot to death , and some were beaten to death by Chinese police . Some demonstrators were even crushed by armored vehicles near Xinjiang University , according to eyewitnesses . " The government in Xinjiang blamed "  foreign forces " for Sunday 's rioting . "  The violence is premeditated , organized violent crime , " said Nur Bekri , chairman of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region , the equivalent of a governor . "  It was instigated and directed from abroad and carried out by outlaws in the country . " Bekri accused the World Uyghur Congress of spreading rumors and inciting anger that led to the rioting , in a speech carried by Xinjiang television . The World Uyghur Congress denied the charge . It is led by Rebuya Kadeer , a businesswoman of Uyghur ethnicity who was detained in 1999 and accused of harming China 's national security . She was freed on bail in 2005 and was allowed to leave for the United States for medical care . Bekri accused Kadeer of instigating the unrest via the Internet and said the fight at the Guangdong toy factory was exploited to incite ethnic strife . "  We should bear in mind that stability is to the greatest interest of all people in China , including the 21 million-plus people from all ethnic groups in Xinjiang , " he said .	NEW : Chinese police detain at least 1,434 suspects NEW : Police halt people gathering in Yili Kazak Prefecture , Aksu City , Kashgar 156 people killed and more than 800 others injured after violence Ethnic Uyghur residents in Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang region , take to streets
CNN  -- Police in Raleigh , North Carolina , arrested 19 people at a rancorous school board meeting Tuesday afternoon where protesters accused the Wake County School Board of adopting a plan that will resegregate the school system . The Wake County School School Board voted in March to stop the decade-long practice of socio-economic school assignment and assign students to their neighborhood schools . The system plans to transition into the new practice in the next 15 months . Currently 85 percent of the system 's 143,000 students attend a school within five miles of their home , said system spokesman Michael Evans . Another 12 to 13 percent attend magnet schools and the remaining 3 percent are assigned based on their income level and growth issues . Wake County is a booming school system with unprecedented growth that often requires the students to attend different schools , Evans said . The discontent among opponents , which included the Wake County superintendent who recently resigned as well as the state schools superintendent , has been mounting and also resulted in arrests at a school board meeting in June . Tuesday 's meeting agenda did not address the issue , but it was raised by speakers during public comment , Evans said . "  This board can not and will not permit these distractions to divert our attention away from our priority , and that is of increased achievement for all students , " school board chairman Ron Margiotta has said . The Rev. William Barber , head of the North Carolina NAACP , was one of the first arrested before he entered the school board building . He led a crowd chanting "  What do we want ? Justice . When do we want it ? Now , " as they descended on the school board building . Before the meeting Barber also spoke at a protest rally that drew about 1,000 people to the state capital . "  This is not a game , Mr. Margiotta , " Barber said . "  You have in your hands the future of 140,000 young people ... you know educationally , legally and morally your policy changes are wrong . " Another minister , David Forbes , also spoke at the rally , saying , " ` Neighborhood schools ' is a trick word to re-segregate a city that worked hard to bring about a progressive new possibility . " Barber and two others were arrested before the meeting for trespassing . Police said they arrested 16 others during the board meeting for trespassing and disorderly conduct . Evans said the protesters locked arms and started singing during the public comment section . "  The board has made decisions . I think they are the right decisions ... there is a big misinterpretation , " board member Debra Goldman has said . The March vote to return to community schools attendance zones was 5-4 .	Police arrested 19 , including the state NAACP chairman , at school board meeting The board chairman says the return to neighborhood schools is needed Opponents of the move say it would create re-segregation of schools
CNN  -- A Syrian city known for its relative calm during the Syrian uprising has been stormed by security forces , an opposition activist group said Tuesday . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria -- a network of opposition activists -- said security and government forces entered the Tal Refaat neighborhood of Aleppo . Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , is the economic center of the country , and the city 's merchant class had been largely unaffected by the country 's upheaval . Meanwhile , the city of Al-Rastan was being bombarded by the army and "  heavy machine guns mounted on tanks , " on Tuesday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The observatory said 20 people were wounded , seven of them seriously , in the Homs province city . Since protests began in March , demonstrators have demanded true democratic elections and the ouster of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , but such protests have often been met with force . Almost 3,000 people have died in the government 's crackdown , according to some accounts . CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted access to many parts of the country by international journalists . The Syrian government has been battling opposition activists for what it calls a campaign against terrorists . At the United Nations , Foreign Minister Walid Moallem blamed "  foreign incitement " for the troubles , which he said were fueled by U.S. and European sanctions . "  This course can not in any way be reconciled with pronouncements about concern for the interests , security and rights of the Syrian people , " Moallem told the General Assembly . "  It further runs counter to the basic principles of human rights in defense of which these states base their interference in our internal affairs . " He said Syria had been "  a model of peaceful co-existence " among its people 's religious and ethnic groups , and that disturbing that peace was aimed at "  spreading Western hegemony over the countries of the Mediterranean and serving Israel 's expansionist interests . " On Monday , the state-run news agency SANA published a report citing an unnamed military source saying that authorities found Israeli weapons , explosives and stolen military uniforms in Homs and recovered weapons , ammunition detonators and other military supplies hidden in a drum and a water tank in the garden of a house in Naseeb , a city in Daraa province . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : The city of Al-Rastan was being bombarded , group says Aleppo had been relatively calm during the Syrian uprising Syria 's foreign minister blames "  foreign incitement " for anti-government protests State media reports discovery of weapons , ammunition and bomb materials in Homs and Daraa
New York  CNN  -- The oldest female contestant in the 2013 ING New York City Marathon died just hours after completing her 25th consecutive appearance at the race , her daughter says . Eighty-six-year-old California resident Joy Johnson completed Sunday 's race in just under eight hours . The following afternoon she was resting in her New York City hotel room and never woke up , her daughter Donna Graffis told CNN . Around mile 20 of the 26.2-mile marathon , at close to 5 p.m. , Johnson fell and hit her head , Graffis said . She was brought to the first aid tent , where responders suggested that she go to the hospital . Graffis said that her mother -- who was able to speak coherently and with a clear head -- continued on , more determined than ever to finish the run . Johnson finished with a time of 07:57:41 , according to Chris Weiller , a spokesman for the New York Road Runners , the organization that puts on the marathon . The following morning she ventured to NBC 's "  Today Show " with her sister , Faith Anderson , to talk to Al Roker , whom she called "  her buddy " after more than a decade of yearly appearances on the show . After her visit to the Rockefeller Center , Johnson headed back to the Roosevelt Hotel to rest . Around 3 p.m. , her sister was not able to wake her up . It is unclear what the exact cause of death was . Though 2013 was not her best time , and nearly three hours more than the first time she ran the race in 1988 with a time of 4:22:59 , she was very happy to have finished , Graffis says . She was one of 18 octogenarians in this year 's race , and one of only four women in that age group , according to Weiller . Johnson was also the oldest female in the 2011 marathon , and won her age group a total of six times over the past quarter century . "  We are going to miss her and she was an inspiration , " Weiller said . "  For 25 years she has been lining up and finishing , and in 2014 it wo n't be the same without her . " Johnson , who was born in Minnesota , moved in her 20s to California , where she became a physical education teacher and track and volleyball coach , Graffis said . It was not until after retiring in her mid-50s that she picked up distance running . Graffis called her mother "  an inspiration to everyone that you can start something at that point in your life . " At home , Johnson ran with what she called the "  Willow Glen Track Pack , " her daughter said . The group is named after the neighborhood she lived in in San Jose , California . She liked to jokingly call the other octogenarians in her age group "  whipper-snappers . " Graffis said that Johnson loved running , her family and her faith . "  We 're all stunned and sad but in a way , when you talk to a lot of people who knew her , this is the way she wanted to go , " Graffis said . "  A little bit of us is smiling , because we know she is very happy . The only thing is , she would have liked to keep running , pass her running shoes on . "	"  This is the way she wanted to go , " says the daughter of 86-year-old Joy Johnson Sunday was her 25th appearance in the 26-mile New York Marathon Johnson fell about six miles from the end race , but she kept going to finish She appeared Monday on the "  Today " show and was resting in her hotel when she died
CNN  -- Italian champions Inter Milan have unveiled new signing Samuel Eto'o , with the Cameroon striker immediately being forced to deny suggestions from the Italian media that he has ever had a problem with new coach Jose Mourinho . Samuel Eto'o parades his new Inter Milan jersey after completing his move from Barcelona . Eto'o , who completed his switch from Barcelona on Monda , denied he has issues with Portuguese coach Mourinho and insists he never insulted his team 's style of play after a Champions League match between Barca and Chelsea . "  I never said those words that were attributed to me , " he told a press conference . "  There is also a tape which proves it and , in any case , that was after an intense game . Top 20 summer transfer targets "  Now I am happy to be here , for me it is a great honor to play for a coach like Jose . It has been years that I have been trying to play under Mourinho and I have never managed it . " Mourinho also laughed off suggestions the pair do not see eye to eye , insisting they have very similar personalities . "  I have met Samuel six times in three years , and I never cared to know if he really said something not very nice about me , " said the Nerazzurri coach . "  Why ? Because he is like me : after losing an important match he does n't go home happy . The year after this game I wanted to take him to Chelsea , but I was n't allowed to . I am very happy to have him with us and I 'm not talking only as Jose Mourinho but on behalf of the whole squad . Eto'o has signed a five-year contract with Inter as part of a swap deal that saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic move the other way . Inter will also receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  but the 28-year-old , who only had a season left on his contract with Barca , has shrugged off suggestions this proves Ibrahimovic is the more highly rated of the two . "  Ibra is a great player but I am Samuel Eto'o and my past and my victories talk for me , " said Eto'o . "  I do n't like parallels being drawn . "  I believe the victories I have earned until now can contribute to giving my name the right value . " Eto'o scored 125 goals in 144 games for Barcelona , firing them to a string of titles , including three leagues , two Champions Leagues and a Copa del Rey success , in his five seasons with the club . Eto'o has spent his entire career in Spain since leaving Cameroon in 1997 , playing for Real Madrid , Leganes , Espanyol , Mallorca and Barcelona . However , he expects he will adapt easily to the Serie A style . "  It 's true I have always played in Spain but I have great experience of international matches , " continued Eto'o . "  Here in Serie A there are big players because great players are in teams where they know they will be able to win things . I am here because it is a very competitive league . "  It 's true Ibra and Kaka have left Italy , but there are lots of great players in Italy and I am convinced I have made the best choice . "	Inter Milan unveil Samuel Eto'o after he completes his transfer from Barcelona Eto'o has signed five-year deal and moves in a swap deal for Zlatan Ibrahimovic Cameroon striker denies any past dispute with his new coach Jose Mourinho
CNN  -- Women at two Kansas colleges are on edge after warnings that the same man may have raped 13 women at the schools in the last eight years . Kansas Attorney General Steve Six says each victim has described her attacker in a similar way . The University of Kansas and Kansas State University have alerted students to possible danger for those who stay in town during spring break , which starts Monday . Thirteen rapes have happened during breaks in the school year in the last eight years near the colleges . Eight happened near Kansas State University in Manhattan . Five happened about 85 miles away , in Lawrence , where the University of Kansas is located . Investigators say the same person may be responsible for all 13 rapes . Students like Carly Wagner , a senior at Kansas State , are taking precautions . She said she and her roommates already make sure to look out for each other . "  None of us ever walk alone at night . We go pick each other up or make sure that there 's no case where you have to be alone at night , " she told CNN affiliate WIBW . The Kansas attorney general , Steve Six , said Wednesday that similarities in the attacks lead investigators to believe they may be looking for the same person . Those similarities include "  the age of the victims , the location of the rapes in off-campus housing " and "  the fact they occurred during breaks in the school session . " In addition , each victim has described her attacker in a similar way . Investigators are looking for a white man in his twenties of average height and weight . He has also been reported to have covered his face during the attacks , Six said . The University of Kansas sent an e-mail to students Monday warning those staying on campus for spring break . "  If staying in Lawrence , students should take reasonable precautions , as some reported sexual assaults and other crimes have occurred during breaks , " read the warning , which did not refer specifically to the past rapes . The University of Kansas also posted recommendations on its Web site , including checking locks on home and apartment doors , walking in groups and knowing the location of campus emergency buttons . The specific dangers during college breaks have been on the university 's radar for some time , says Jill Jess , a university spokeswoman . Before winter break , the university offered free self-defense classes to students as a result of the past attacks , she said . Kansas State warned its students , faculty and staff of the past attacks in an e-mail last month . It was the second e-mail that campus officials have sent out in recent years regarding the rapes . "  It 's scary to walk around campus or be on a college campus not knowing at night what goes on and who can be around , " one student told CNN affiliate KTKA . The Kansas State Women 's Center has also been working diligently over the past year to make students aware of the rapes , said Mary Todd , the center director . She has worked with some of the victims and has learned from their accounts that there was often no sign of forced entry . This has led her to believe the attacker entered residences during the day , when a lot of students feel safe leaving doors unlocked . By emphasizing such details , she said , the center hopes students will keep their doors locked . The Women 's Center and a group called Wildcats Against Rape have distributed pamphlets at campus buildings as well as several off-campus locations . The attorney general 's office warned the entire community Wednesday . "  We encourage women to be safe , but we encourage everybody in the community to also look out , " Six said . "  Look out for your friends , call if you see something suspicious and just be vigilant during the spring break time . "	Police believe same person may be responsible for 13 rapes Attacks took place near two college campuses in Kansas during spring break The rapes began eight years ago , police say Students at University of Kansas , Kansas State have been alerted
CNN  -- Three inmates who escaped from prison in Indiana last week then allegedly stole a truck , money and guns were captured Thursday in Nebraska after a high-speed car chase , authorities said . The three escapees ,  from left  Jerry Sargent , Christopher Marshall and Bobby Cockerell , were captured in Nebraska . Nebraska State Patrol spokesman Mike Meyer said officers apprehended Christopher Marshall , Jerry Sargent and Bobby Cockerell in Alliance , Nebraska , after a nearly 60-mile chase with speeds reaching up to 100 mph . According to Meyer , law enforcement officers tried twice to spike the tires of the minivan the men were traveling in . They succeeded on the second try about five miles east of Alliance , but the suspects kept driving on flat tires until they were inside the city limits . The men started running when the vehicle stopped . Two were caught , but the third tried to carjack a vehicle at gunpoint before being arrested by an Alliance Police officer , according to Meyer . It is not yet known which escapee tried to take the vehicle at gunpoint . No shots were fired and no one was seriously injured , Meyer said . The three men broke out of the Branchville Correctional Facility near Tell City , Indiana , last week , authorities said . Tell City is about 80 miles west of Louisville , Kentucky . Police believe the three stole guns during a home-invasion robbery in Sanders , Kentucky , earlier this week . New arrest warrants charge them with possessing stolen firearms as well as felony possession of firearms , said George Huffman , spokesman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Because they were convicted of violent crimes , he said , they are not allowed to possess firearms at all . Police suspect the three of stealing a truck from a town near the prison and robbing three brothers in Sanders , about 65 miles east of Louisville , early Monday . The brothers were attacked , bound and held in their home for about an hour and a half while their assailants made off with guns and money , according to the Kentucky State Police . One of the three brothers was hospitalized after the attack , while the other two were treated and released . CNN 's Melissa Roberts contributed to this report .	The men were captured in Alliance , Nebraska , after a car chase Kentucky State police say men assaulted three brothers , took guns , cash and clothes The suspects broke out of Branchville Correctional Facility near Tell City , Indiana
Wired  -- The early hours of "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 " take gamers around the world and back again , but the new game 's story hits close to home . Military scenarios , violent police actions and straight-from-the-big-screen massive firefights take place in such far-flung locales as Afghanistan , Kazakhstan and Brazil . But things do n't really get interesting until the action moves to Russia and the player is embedded in a squad of terrorists . And then , inevitably , the fight comes to U.S. shores . "  Modern Warfare 2 , " a first-person shooter released Tuesday for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC , is a greatly immersive experience that embeds players in the battlefield . Limited edition of Xbox 360 There 's no place in the world where a skirmish ca n't go down , from airport security lines to the neighborhood burger joint to your own backyard . It 's an unsettling notion and one sure to inspire plenty of parental hand-wringing , particularly for those who buy their kids the live-the-action box set that includes a pair of night-vision goggles . Night-vision goggles experience Spoiler alert : The moments I 'm about to relate describe the plot of "  Modern Warfare 2 " -- not where the game finally goes , but the early incidents that establish the conflict and tension of the game . Some readers may consider these to be spoilers . Russia is where the already-controversial "  No Russian " scene goes down . As Army Ranger Pvt. Allen , players go undercover with Vladimir Makarov -- an underling of the villain from "  Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare . " Along with Makarov and other terrorists , the player finds themselves in the midst of a terrible situation . The fully armed Makarov and crew waltz into a Russian airport and open fire on civilians standing in a security line . As Allen , the player can take part in the bloodshed or simply walk alongside the cold-blooded killers as they execute hundreds of innocents . Either way , the scene is powerful . It 's also the oldest trick in the book : The quickest way to turn audiences against your villain is to show them doing dirty deeds , and Makarov 's murderous spree is a doozy . Allen does n't walk away from the bloodbath . Once outside the terminal , players must fend off waves of incoming SWAT teams . If there 's any kind of karmic debt that Allen owes for his role in the slayings , the guy pays it : At the end of the tarmac firefight , Makarov puts a bullet in Allen . He knew all along that the Ranger was a rat . Allen 's body at the scene of the tragedy triggers Russian outrage and , eventually , a "  Red Dawn " - style invasion of the United States . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Military scenarios , violent police actions , firefights play out in ` Modern Warfare 2 ' Locales in game include Afghanistan , Kazakhstan , Brazil and Russia The player in ` Modern Warfare 2 ' is embedded in a squad of terrorists In the game , fighting comes to shores of United States
New York  CNN  -- Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , the influential publisher who transformed The New York Times in his long tenure , has died at age 86 , the newspaper reported Saturday . Sulzberger died Saturday at his home in Southampton , New York , after a long illness , the paper said , citing his family . He started in 1963 as both publisher of the paper and chairman and chief executive of The New York Times Company . He left the publisher 's job in 1992 and the chief executive 's job in 1997 , handing both reins to his son , the paper reported . The Sulzberger family has helmed the paper since 1896 , when it was bought by Adolph Ochs , Sulzberger 's grandfather . With the family having such a long history at the Times , some staffers felt like part of the family , too . "  For those of us working at the NYT , the passing of Arthur O. Sulzberger has the sharp feel of a death in the family , " wrote Times national correspondent John Schwartz on Twitter . Jim Roberts , an assistant managing editor at the Times , called the late publisher a "  monumental contributor to journalism . " U.S. President Barack Obama said he was saddened by news of Sulzberger 's death "  He was a firm believer in the importance of a free and independent press -- one that is n't afraid to seek the truth , hold those in power accountable , and tell the stories that need to be told , " Obama said in a statement . When Sulzberger took over the paper in 1963 , the paper was respected and influential , often setting the national agenda , the Times said . But it also had financial troubles . Under Sulzberger 's tenure , the Times was transformed into a paper with a national scope , sold on both coasts , and at the heart of a diversified , multibillion-dollar media operation that included newspapers , magazines , TV and radio stations , the Times said . "  Mr. Sulzberger 's insistence on independence was shown in his decision in 1971 to publish a secret government history of the Vietnam War known as the Pentagon Papers , " Times columnist Clyde Haberman wrote in Saturday 's obituary . "  It was a defining moment for him and , in the view of many journalists and historians , his finest . " The Nixon administration demanded the Times stop its series of articles on the papers , citing national security , but the newspaper refused on First Amendment grounds . It won its case in the U.S. Supreme Court , in a landmark ruling on press freedom . Sulzberger was also responsible for expanding the newspaper from two sections to four , separating metropolitan and business news and introducing new ones geared toward consumers , the Times said . The sections were SportsMonday , Science Times , Living , Home and Weekend . They were a gamble , aimed at attracting new readers and advertisers , but they became an instant success and were widely imitated , the Times said . A billion-dollar investment in new printing facilities enabled the paper to have a national edition , regional editions , and the daily use of color photos and graphics , according to the Times . "  Punch , " as many called him , remained on the board of directors until his retirement in 2001 . "  Punch will be sorely missed by his family and his many friends , but we can take some comfort in the fact that his legacy and his abiding belief in the value of quality news and information will always be with us , " wrote his son , Arthur Sulzberger , Jr. . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	NEW : Obama calls Sulzberger "  a firm believer " in a free press He served as publisher for nearly three decades He expanded the Times and increased profits He decided to publish the Pentagon Papers in 1971
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face longtime rival Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters on Saturday in a rematch of the event 's past two title matches . Defending champion Nadal crushed fellow left-hander Michael Llodra 6-2 6-2 on Friday , needing just 75 minutes to clinch his 35th successive victory on clay against a French player appearing in his first top-level quarterfinal on the surface . Federer , who beat the Spaniard in the 2009 final , later overcame Robin Soderling -- who inflicted Nadal 's last defeat on clay at that year 's French Open . The world No. 3 triumphed 7-6  7-2  6-4 against the Swedish fifth seed in one hour 42 minutes After successive titles in Monte Carlo and Barcelona , Nadal 's progress has been simpler this week following a third-round walkover when rejuvenated former world No. 4 Juan Martin del Potro pulled out with a hip injury . "  Today it was quite good , especially here with the altitude it 's a little bit more complicated because it 's more difficult to go over him , " Nadal told the ATP Tour website after conceding only eight points on his serve and breaking Llodra four times . "  It 's a bit more difficult with the serve . I felt quite good on the court , I served well . In the second set there were quite a lot of rallies and not so many in the first , and I think I played really well . " Friday 's opening quarterfinal saw Thomaz Bellucci continued his giantkilling run by ousting seventh seed Tomas Berdych , beating the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up 7-6  7-2  6-3 . The 23-year-old became the first Brazilian since Gustavo Kuerten in 2003 to reach the last-four stage in the Spanish capital as he followed up his earlier shock win over British fourth seed Andy Murray . Bellucci , ranked 36th , reached the semis of a Masters 1000 event for the first time . "  Of course , yesterday 's match gave me a lot of confidence that I was needing , " he said . "  I was losing some games and was n't playing very well , but yesterday I played my best tennis . "  Today I had a lot of confidence on the court and I managed to get a victory . I played well and I have got even more confidence for tomorrow 's match . " Bellucci next faces either world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who is unbeaten in 29 consecutive matches this year , or Spanish sixth seed David Ferrer -- the losing finalist in Monte Carlo and Barcelona last month . "  They are losing very few matches , but they are not invincible , they can also lose , " Bellucci said ahead of the duo 's clash in Friday 's late match . Germany 's Julia Gorges continued her fine form in the women 's event in Madrid , with the Stuttgart champion beating Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova to reach the semifinals . She won 6-4 6-2 to follow up her second successive win over world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and set up a clash with fourth seed Victoria Azarenka . The Belarusian battled past unseeded Czech Lucie Safarova 6-3 3-6 6-2 to move to within one win of claiming the No. 4 ranking -- which no woman from her country has done before . Her last meeting with Gorges ended in disappointment in Stuttgart last month when the 21-year-old Azarenka had to retire hurt with a shoulder injury after winning the first set . Chinese sixth seed Li Na also went through to the last four , beating American Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-4 3-6 6-4 . Both players had beaten Italians in the previous round , with Mattek-Sands upsetting third seed and French Open champion Francesca Schiavone . Australian Open finalist Li will take on Czech 16th seed Petra Kvitova for a place in Sunday 's title match . Kvitova , 21 , came from behind to beat Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova 3-6 6-3 7-5 to follow up her earlier win over Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva . Cibulkova eliminated former No. 1 Maria Sharapova in the previous round .	Defending champion Rafael Nadal through to semifinals of Madrid Masters Spaniard will play world No. 3 Roger Federer , who beat him in the 2009 final Thomaz Bellucci upsets Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych to also reach semis Australian Open finalist Li Na of China through to last four of women 's event
CNN  When Andy Roddick played tennis , the grand slam winner and former world No. 1 never shied away from conversing , or arguing with chair umpires . The American famously blew up at the Australian Open in 2008 in a five-set loss to Philipp Kohlschreiber , telling the crowd in Melbourne : "  Stay in school , kids , or you 'll end up being a chair umpire . " By no means was it the lone outburst of his career . Having retired in 2012 and now watching the game as a pundit , Roddick , perhaps unsurprisingly , says there is not enough interaction between players and umpires . His solution ? Roddick would scrap Hawk-Eye or severely alter the system currently in place . "  This is completely different to what I thought as a player , but I would get rid of the challenge system , " Roddick told CNN 's Open Court on the sidelines of the charity event Mylan WTT Smash Hits in December . "  I feel like we 've lost a lot of our personality . If someone is really having a go at the umpire , you are not going to change the channel . It 's an impossibility . "  It 's about eyeballs on TV sets , " he said . The overwhelming majority of players currently on the tennis tour have welcomed the instant replay system , which was first introduced at a top-level tennis tournament late in 2005 . By that time , Hawk-Eye had already been used in cricket , with football 's Premier League subsequently adopting Hawk-Eye to help determine whether goals have been scored . Roddick -- a big sports fan who touches on several sports in his role for Fox Sports in the U.S. -- is n't alone in his dislike of Hawk-Eye . Roger Federer , the 17-time grand slam champion who could be labeled a traditionalist , asked Hawk-Eye to be switched off during the 2007 Wimbledon final against arch-rival Rafael Nadal . And two years ago in Dubai , the Swiss told reporters : "  What I like without Hawk-Eye is just the players challenging the umpires more often . " He did add , though , that he got the "  point " of Hawk-Eye . "  We love our guys in the game now , Roger , Rafa and the way they carry themselves but there 's some entertainment value on the guys that do n't carry themselves so well , " Roddick said , mentioning himself , retired two-time grand slam winner Marat Safin and the man dubbed ` Super Brat , ' John McEnroe . "  Johnny Mac is out here all the time still going nuts and people love it , " said Roddick , referring to the 55-year-old McEnroe competing in seniors ' events . Enric Molina , a former elite umpire who was in the chair for grand slam , Davis Cup and Olympic finals , did n't entirely disagree with Roddick . Molina officiated before Hawk-Eye and then when it was implemented at tournaments . "  I think Hawk-Eye is a great addition to the game , because the fans love it , and at the end of the day , the players have a chance to make sure the calls are right , " Molina , the CEO and founding partner of sports management company Big Match Player , told CNN.com . "  From an umpire 's point of view , this is very satisfying because the worst feeling you have in the chair is when you think you 've made a mistake and there 's nothing you can do about it . "  But having said that , I see where Andy is coming from . It has taken away the discussion , the element of confrontation between the players and umpires , and that may be a sad thing of course for some fans -- but not necessarily for those in the chair . " If discontinuing Hawk-Eye is too harsh , Roddick suggested limiting the number of challenges in a match to one . The challenge would remain an option so long as the player is proved right when going to the instant replay . Currently in matches where Hawk-Eye is employed , players are allowed three incorrect challenges per set , plus one more in a tiebreak . Another change in the game Roddick would make is keeping play going when there are lets . For Roddick , the entertainment factor is indeed key . "  We are fooling ourselves if we do n't think sports are entertainment , " he said . "  The first goal is winning and that 's where you have a job . I am not saying we parade around and go all Hulk Hogan and enter the court in feather bows or anything , but if we play tennis with regular umpires forever and a day and it worked -- it was n't like it was broken at all . "	Andy Roddick says he would abolish or significantly alter the challenge system in tennis Roddick feels that some of the entertainment value is gone from tennis Roger Federer , considered a traditionalist , has never been a fan of Hawk-Eye Roddick also says he would do away with lets in tennis , with play continuing
PEOPLE.com  -- After suffering the miscarriage of their 20th child , Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar will hold a memorial service on Wednesday , December 14 , for the baby girl they have named Jubilee Shalom Duggar . The reality TV stars of TLC 's "  19 Kids and Counting " had discovered on Thursday at a routine ultrasound appointment that their 20th child , due next April , no longer had a heartbeat . Advised by her doctor to let the miscarriage occur naturally , Michelle , 45 , was being cared for at home by her family . Following the miscarriage late Sunday night , Michelle began to feel lightheaded and as a precaution was taken to the hospital , where she was kept for observation , according to a family spokesperson . Michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on Monday , the spokesperson adds . RELATED : Michelle Duggar Resting at Home , Plans to Name Child "  We have had many tears today , " says Jim Bob Duggar , 46 . "  This is life , and I understand that we are going though something that many others have . You think about the what-ifs , but God gives us strength to go on . We wo n't be able to see this child 's life and the phases that we 've seen for our other children , but we know we will see this child in heaven one day . We are thankful for each child , and we are blessed to have the children we have here and the ones we will meet someday in heaven . " Jubilee Duggar 's memorial service will be for friends and Duggar family members , who on late Sunday already held a private service in their home . "  We would like to thank everyone for their prayers , emails and outpouring of love , " Jim Bob wrote in a letter he shared with PEOPLE . "  As our whole family is grieving , we also know that God promises to work all things for good in our lives . Our prayer is that Jubilee 's passing will help us all realize that this life is short , and our relationship with Jesus is the most important thing . He gives us a peace in our hearts as He guides us through whatever we might face . " Though the family is in mourning , Jim Bob says they are grateful for the health of youngest daughter , Josie , who turned 2 on December 10 . Josie survived against all odds after being born at just 25 weeks and 1 lb. , 6 oz . and has developed normally with no lasting impairments . "  We were looking forward to this birthday because it is a milestone for her , " he says . "  It is wonderful that she is with us and doing so well . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar will hold a memorial service for their 20th child Following the miscarriage Sunday night , Michelle was taken to the hospital Michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on Monday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has urged the Philippines to "  guarantee the safety and legitimate rights " of fishermen who have been taken into custody for poaching after their vessel ran aground on the protected Tubbataha Reef -- the latest incident in often tense relations among nations in the South China Sea . Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei made his comments on Thursday , state-run Xinhua reported , a day after Philippine authorities formally charged 12 fishermen with poaching and attempting to "  corrupt public officials , " the Tubbataha management office said in a news release . The 12 Chinese nationals were arrested on April 8 after their ship ran aground on the reef . The fishermen also faced administrative charges for for illegally entering Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park and for damage to the reefs . Crews will be sent to remove fuel from the 500-ton vessel to attempt to float it off the seabed , according to park authorities . The coral reef was the same that a U.S. Navy minesweeper ran aground and damaged the reef on January 17 . Earlier this week , Philippine officials said they would be sending the U.S. government a $ 1.5 million bill for damage to the reef . READ MORE : Navy owes $ 1.5 million for damage to reef Tubbahata Reef is a UNESCO World Heritage site that is home to about 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral as well as whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds . Elsewhere in the region , an agreement between Japan and Taiwan on fishing rights among disputed islands in the East China Sea has angered Beijing . Lei told reporters Beijing is China is "  seriously concerned " about the fishery agreement , Xinhua reported . The islands -- known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China -- is a periodic flashpoint between Tokyo and Beijing , which have competing claims to ownership . Anti-Japanese demonstrations in China turned violent last September , with Japanese businesses and cars damaged , dragging relations between Asia 's two largest economies to their lowest level since World War II .	China has urged the Philippines to "  guarantee the safety " of fishermen accused of poaching 12 Chinese nationals were arrested on April 8 after their ship ran aground on a reef The coral reef was the same marine park where a U.S. Navy minesweeper ran aground Tubbahata Reef is a UNESCO World Heritage site with restricted access
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek President Karolos Papoulias is to hold talks in the next day with party leaders in a bid to create a national unity government , his office said Saturday . Evangelos Venizelos , leader of the country 's socialist party , PASOK , met with the president Saturday after it became the third party to fail to form a coalition , a week after parliamentary elections gave no one a majority . Speaking after the meeting , Venizelos said PASOK , New Democracy and the Democratic Left have said they would be willing to go into a grand coalition on the condition of remaining in the euro , offering a possible way out of the impasse . But this could still be problematic as the Democratic Left has previously said it will only join a coalition if the party which placed second in Sunday 's election , the Coalition of the Radical Left , or Syriza , also joined . Papoulias described this as a "  grain of hope . " He said he hoped he could help form a unity government , adding that "  things in Greece are quite difficult . " Papoulias is expected to meet with the leaders of PASOK , New Democracy and Syriza at noon Sunday , his office said . He will meet with other party leaders later . If the president 's bid to form a unity government does not succeed by May 17 , fresh elections must be called . They would take place next month . Deep uncertainty surrounds the political situation in Greece after large numbers of voters in last Sunday 's election backed parties opposed to the country 's bailout deal . Severe austerity measures are required under the terms of the bailout , agreed by the outgoing coalition government of PASOK and New Democracy . Headlines in Saturday 's papers talk about "  Elections on the Titanic " and "  Opening the door to an exit from the euro . " A poll earlier this week suggested that if new elections are held , Syriza would come first with 28 % of the vote , although without achieving a majority . Syriza came in second in Sunday 's election with 16.8 % . The party is opposed to the terms of the bailout agreed with the European Union , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund , and has even suggested implementing a moratorium on part of the repayments . The country 's lenders have said that if Greece does not comply with the bailout terms then payments will stop . Greece has been forced to impose punishing austerity measures to get international loans that have kept it from defaulting on debts so far . But this week 's election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the economic measures , which include policies to cut spending and raise taxes to reduce public debts . Seven parties won seats in parliament , but none captured more than 19 % of the vote , leading to a week of political turmoil . The stakes are potentially huge for the rest of the eurozone , the group of 17 European countries that use the euro as single currency . There is concern that the lack of leadership could jeopardize Greece 's bailout agreement . That could lead to a disorderly default by Greece , which would force the nation out of the eurozone . A default by Greece also could drag down other troubled governments such as Spain and Portugal . The eurozone economy is fragile , and any financial shock could plunge the region into a deep recession , a development that would ripple across the globe .	NEW : Greece 's president will meet with party leaders on Sunday Socialist leader Venizelos says three pro-euro parties may be willing to form a grand coalition President Karolos Papoulias says this offers a "  grain of hope " for Greece The three top-placed parties in Sunday 's election have each failed to form a coalition
CNN  -- One of the most surprising moments of this year 's Oscars came at the very end , when first lady Michelle Obama showed up on video to help announce the best picture winner . If you 're anything like us , you immediately wondered what the significance could be , especially since she was announcing the award from the White House . But when you think about it , having Obama help draw the Oscars ceremony to a close was a fitting way to end this politically saturated awards season . The real-life drama of D.C. politics can be absorbing enough on its own , but mix in Hollywood machinations and you could create a must-see movie . Political themes have been popular at the Academy Awards in the past , but this year 's list of best picture contenders was rife with them . There was "  Zero Dark Thirty , " which was nominated in a number of big categories on Sunday and ended up in a tie for the best sound editing Oscar . Regardless of its lack of statues , Kathryn Bigelow 's project remains one of the most talked-about movies of 2012 thanks to its plot centered on the hunt for Osama bin Laden . The script , written by Mark Boal , lit the match for fiery debates on torture . Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln , " a recounting of how the 16th president brought the Civil War to an end and passed the 13th amendment , was a giant in the walk-up to the Oscars . Daniel Day-Lewis ' portrayal of Abraham Lincoln won him the best actor Oscar , and Day-Lewis was sure to thank the man who inspired his role .  His beard in the film , by the way , was real . And of course there was "  Argo , " the year 's best picture winner , which followed a secret CIA operation to rescue six American diplomats during the Iranian hostage crisis in 1980 . The film was not only a critical success , but it was thought-provoking , too . Since its release last fall , its historical accuracy has been called into question and its depiction of Jimmy Carter 's term has been picked apart .  The Los Angeles Times ' ran a cartoon of a shocked Lincoln memorial after the Oscars ceremony . "  Argo ?! " the cartoon read . "  You mean I lost to the Carter administration ?! "  That 's not to mention "  Argo 's " international reach , as it sparked criticism from Iranian authorities . We know Hollywood 's version of politics well -- which celebrity said what , when , and to whom -- but it seems this awards season shifted our focus somewhat to grander themes . These "  best picture contenders , " wrote CNN contributor John Avlon , "  have managed to pay off at the box office even as they brought politics and history to the big screen -- proof that we 'll take smart over stupid as long as we 're entertained while educated . "	First lady Michelle Obama helped announce the best picture Oscar She was just one example of where politics met Hollywood this awards season Political themes were prevalent in films like "  Argo , " "  Lincoln " and "  Zero Dark Thirty "
CNN  -- Fans around the world have gathered at arenas and record stores , big screens , parks and makeshift shrines , to watch the memorial service of Michael Jackson and pay homage to their idol . A Michael Jackson fan in Berlin watches footage of the memorial concert . As thousands of fans joined Jackson 's family and closest friends at Los Angeles Staples Center arena , millions more followed proceedings on television and online . In Germany , at least 8,000 Jackson fans watched events in Los Angeles unfold at a Trauerfeier , "  translated as Sadness Party  at Berlin 's O2 World arena , reported CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen . Fans began arriving at least three hours before the event was due to begin , Pleitgen said . "  He -LSB- Jackson -RSB- connects races , religions and ages , " said one fan , "  his music connects the world . " Many fans were moved to tears when Jackson 's daughter Paris Katherine wept as she called the singer "  the best father you could ever imagine . " Pleitgen added : "  A lot of people got very wet eyes . " Watch fans gather in Berlin " South African former president Nelson Mandela paid his respects to Jackson in a statement read to the audience at the Los Angeles memorial by singer Smokey Robinson . Watch Smokey Robinson deliver Mandela 's message . " "  Michael became close to us after he started visiting and performing in South Africa regularly . We grew fond of him and he became a close member of our family . We had great admiration for his talent and that he was able to triumph over tragedy on so many occasions in his life , " Mandela said . "  We mourn with the millions of families worldwide . " In the southern Chinese enclave of Hong Kong , fans carried flowers and Jackson paraphernalia , such as a doll and record , at a memorial . Watch Jackson tributes pour in from around the world " "  I can not accept MJ has already left us , and I think we should come here and do something for him and express our feeling to show that we really miss him , " said one man . Hundreds of British fans in London braved torrential rain to watch a giant screen outside the city 's O2 Arena , where Jackson was scheduled to play a series of 50 concerts from July 13 . Many more fans are expected to converge on the venue next Monday to mark what would have been the first of his concert dates . See images of Jackson fans from around the globe " "  I am still in denial , " said Jenny Keme , 21 . "  We 're going to stay here to the end of the ceremony even though it 's pouring . He had such a gentle soul , that 's what I love most about him . " Celeste Dixon , 28 , added : "  He is the King of Pop , not was . No one will ever be worthy of him , he is bigger than life . Without Michael Jackson breaking barriers , Barack Obama would never have made it . " Elsewhere in London the cast of musical "  Thriller - Live " paid their own tribute during the evening performance at the Lyric Theatre , with cast , crew and audience observing a minute 's silence . "  Many of them were in tears during it , " reported CNN 's Phil Black . The theater has become a shrine to Jackson , with devoted followers holding vigils and leaving cards and messages at the building 's entrance . In Japan , meanwhile , hundreds of fans gathered at a Tower Records store -- where Jackson twice visited -- in Tokyo to watch his videos on a big screen . Followers were even offered the chance to take a photograph next to a cast of a footprint left by Jackson when he last visited . Watch fans gather in Tokyo " In a bar in New Delhi , the Jackson memorial gathering was small -- only a dozen or so people . On the wall of the bar that usually only plays hard rock , Jackson 's music was blasting , candles were lit underneath two framed pictures of Jackson and customers had written messages saying goodbye . The bar manager said : "  We all grew up with Michael Jackson . Other generations had The Beatles , or Elvis Presley . Michael is our generation . " And on the streets of Beijing , people were greeted by a Jackson look-alike , 28-year-old Wang Jie , who performed ahead of the memorial . Though Jackson never himself performed in China , he is loved in the country . Members of the official Michael Jackson Fan Club rented a hotel room so they could watch his funeral broadcast live . Thousands of other fans worldwide following the coverage online via CNN and Facebook , with many again moved by the comments of Jackson 's daughter about her father . "  Never cried so much ever since my dad passed away , " said Facebook user Rinoa S Koh from Singapore , while user Nomar Levey in Jamaica added : "  OMG Tears are really pouring . " Facebook user Manu Tyagi from India said : "  The first English songs I ever heard in India were MJ songs ... grew up with his music ... and never though we would see him die so soon . He achieved his destiny before he passed to the kingdom of god ! Really hope he rests in peace . He was the best . " As Jackson 's coffin casket was carried out of the Staples Center , Facebook user Marika Papazoglou in Greece said : "  RIP Michael . We love you more . " Anouk Lorie contributed to this story	"  Sadness Party " held in Berlin , where fans follow service live from Los Angeles In London , Jackson fans brave torrential downpours and hail to pay tribute In Japan fans gathered at record store , have photo taken next to cast of footprint Online fans pay tribute to King of Pop , comment as service progresses
CNN  -- Globe-trotters everywhere , it 's time to raise your champagne glass and toast to all the wonderful new journeys you 'll take in the new year . But where exactly should you go in 2012 ? As always , some places will stand out above the rest when it comes to unforgettable things to do and see . To help you decide , we sought out recommendations from four travel experts : Robert Reid , U.S. travel editor for Lonely Planet ; Martin Rapp , senior vice president of leisure sales at Altour ; Anne Banas , executive editor at SmarterTravel ; and Jeanenne Tornatore , senior editor for Orbitz.com . We also sprinkled in a couple of suggestions from Travel + Leisure and Budget Travel . Here are nine of the top destinations for 2012 : England The royal wedding made it one of the world 's most buzzed about destinations this year , but England is about to get even hotter . There will be so much going on in 2012 that it 's hard to keep count . The country will celebrate Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee -- marking her 60 years on the throne -- with a river pageant on the Thames and a concert at Buckingham Palace at the beginning of June . Then all eyes will be on London as it hosts the Summer Olympic Games in July and August , and the Paralympic Games in August and September . Looking for more ? There will be festivals , tours , performances and exhibitions to mark the 200th birthday of Charles Dickens . "  I love London . I think it 's kind of the greatest city on Earth , " Reid said . "  A lot of people think it 's too expensive but ... there are all kinds of fantastic free attractions in London , so it makes it more affordable than you think . " Lonely Planet : 20 free attractions in London Banas predicted travelers will have more choices than ever to stay in and get around the city , with new lodging options and better transportation in place for the Olympics . World of the Maya Some see it as an approaching apocalypse , others as the beginning of a new era . Whatever your beliefs are about December 21 , 2012 , interest is skyrocketing in the Maya , the ancient civilization known for the great cities it left behind in Mexico and Central America . The date marks the end of a 5,126-year cycle on the Long Count calendar developed by the Maya , and there will be events on the occasion in Belize , Guatemala , Mexico and Honduras , Banas said . If you want to see incredible ruins , Reid recommended skipping the tourist hordes at Tulum and Chichen Itza in Mexico and instead head to places such as Tikal , Guatemala  which George Lucas used as a location in the original "  Star Wars "  , and Chiapas , Mexico . Reid was once exploring a site near Comitan , Mexico , and said he was astonished to discover he was the only person there . "  I had a pyramid to myself , " Reid said . "  You 're just looking out over this mountainous valley , and you have the complete Mayan site to yourself . It 's an unreal travel experience . " Myanmar  also known as Burma U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said this month that she sees signs the country -- ruled by a military junta for almost 50 years -- may genuinely be opening up . The changes mean tourists who did n't feel they could support the regime can finally start planning a trip to Myanmar , Rapp said . "  It is extraordinary , " he said . "  It is really as close to authentic and unspoiled as you can get in that part of the world . " Reid also found it unforgettable . "  There 's really no place in the world that you will find sweeter , more welcoming people , " Reid said . Rapp suggested starting the journey in Yangon  once known as Rangoon  and staying at either the Governor 's Residence or The Strand . Do n't miss "  extraordinary " Inle Lake , he added , where you can stay at the Golden Island Cottages . Chicago The Windy City will be prominent on the world stage in 2012 , hosting the 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates in April , and both the NATO and Group of Eight summits in May , Tornatore noted . Golf fans will also descend on a country club just outside the city for the Ryder Cup in September . But even if you 're not planning to be there for any big event , Chicago is ready for an influx of visitors from all over the world during 2012 . "  Chicago is a huge tourist destination in its own right , " Tornatore said , citing the city 's museums , major sports teams and shopping . St. Vincent and the Grenadines What 's not to like about a tropical paradise that bills itself as "  one destination , 32 gorgeous Caribbean islands " ? Located between St. Lucia and Grenada , this island chain has long drawn stars and vacationers with deep pockets , but it will become more accessible to a wider range of travelers thanks to a $ 240 million airport scheduled to open on St. Vincent , Travel + Leisure reports . Travel + Leisure : Hottest travel destinations of 2012 The Netherlands Flower lovers who flock to the country 's stunning fields of tulips and who have made the colorful Keukenhof gardens one of the most popular attractions in the Netherlands will get an extra treat next year at the Floriade . The horticultural expo , staged once every 10 years , showcases the world 's best flowers , plants , trees , fruits and vegetables . "  This is a once in a decade flower show so it 's even more spectacular than Keukenhof , and Keukenhof is already amazing , " Banas said . "  It actually runs from April all the way through October , so there 's a pretty wide range of time that you can go and see this . " The expo is expected to attract 2 million visitors . Atlantic Canada Canada 's Maritime Provinces are always a beautiful destination , but the region will be in the spotlight next year as it commemorates its connection to the Titanic and the 100th anniversary of the ship 's sinking . After the Titanic struck an iceberg on the night of April 14 , 1912 , three ships were dispatched from Halifax , Nova Scotia -- the closest major port -- to bring back the bodies of the victims . Some of the passengers were laid to rest in the city 's cemeteries . Halifax is planning lots of events to mark the anniversary , including a town parade , concerts and a film festival , Budget Travel reports . The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic -- which has a huge collection of wooden Titanic artifacts , including a deck chair -- will have a temporary exhibit on the crews involved in the Titanic recovery effort . Budget Travel : Top budget travel destinations for 2012 Uruguay There are extraordinary hotels opening in this South American country , which has stayed below the radar for many tourists , Rapp said . "  People do n't know it ... so it 's a real find , " he said . "  I rode horses , because the horseback riding is superb . The beaches are completely unspoiled . " He recommended checking out the art-filled Playa Vik and the Estancia Vik as well as the Hotel Fasano in the seaside resort of Punta del Este . Orlando Reid conceded some people might think of this choice as "  ridiculous , " but he called Orlando a legitimate surprise . "  By Orlando , I refer to Orlando the city , " he said . "  Local Orlando  residents  will tell you that the amusement park scene has no connection to the city itself . " The metropolis most people breeze by as they head to Disney World will transform into celebrity central as it hosts the 61st NBA All-Star Game in February . Reid advised travelers to check out the city 's lakes , museums and scenic neighborhoods , including the bohemian Milk District . He also praised Orlando 's food scene . "  There 's this very big , wonderful , authentic , fantastic and tasty Vietnamese restaurant community called ViMi -- it 's more authentic Vietnamese restaurants than you find in New York or San Francisco , " he said .	Travel experts name nine great destinations to explore next year England will host the Olympic Games , celebrate Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee Date sparks interest in the Maya ; big flower show is set to take place in the Netherlands Canadian city will commemorate its connection to the Titanic 100 years after disaster
Washington  CNN  House Speaker John Boehner on Wednesday confirmed House Republicans are filing a lawsuit against Obama 's executive action delaying deportations for millions of immigrants here illegally . "  The President 's overreach when he took executive action to deal with the immigration problems in our country , frankly , in my view , is a violation of our Constitution , " he said in an interview on Fox News . "  This is n't about immigration , " he said . "  This is the President violating the Constitution , violating his oath of office , and frankly , not upholding the rule of law . " Boehner had told House Republicans of the planned lawsuit during their closed-door meeting on Tuesday . The move comes as House leadership struggles to round up support for a border security bill they planned to vote on this week , in part due to conservative opposition . Conservatives have expressed frustration that leadership has n't done enough to oppose Obama 's unilateral action on immigration . Boehner insisted during the interview that the bill will ultimately pass . But while the lawsuit may help quell some of those complaints , it 's unlikely to ultimately have much impact on deportations . Boehner turned to a similar tactic on Obamacare , bringing a lawsuit against the administration for delaying the employer mandate that remains stalled in court . White House spokesman Eric Schultz said the administration believes Obama was acting well within his power when he issued the order on deportations . "  House Republicans seem to be relying more and more on the courts these days to challenge the president 's authority , " Shultz said at Wednesday 's daily press briefing . "  We believe that we acted within the full bounds of authority enshrined to the executive branch , and we 'll be defending that . " Boehner also defended his decision to invite Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address the House in March , without letting the White House know in advance , a move that 's drawn widespread criticism from even pro-Israel groups . SEE ALSO : Obama says Netanyahu 's visit is too close to election for a meeting "  The Israeli prime minister can also talk with some expertise about the growing threat of radical Islam , " Boehner said . "  We 've got a serious problem in the world and the President just wants to act like it 's going to just disappear . And so as a co-equal branch of our government , I do n't have any problem at all in doing what I did to invite the prime minister to come to Congress and address those concerns . " Netanyahu is expected to lobby Congress to pass new sanctions on Iran , putting him squarely at odds with Obama . The President said during a Wednesday interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that he had n't heard "  a persuasive rebuttal of my argument that we crafted very effective sanctions against Iran specifically to bring them to the negotiations table . " Obama also told Zakaria that he wo n't be meeting with Netanyahu when he comes because "  our general policy is , we do n't meet with any world leader two weeks before their election . " But Boehner said there 's clear "  antipathy " from the White House towards Netanyahu . "  They do n't even try to hide it , " he said . Boehner also said House Republicans will eventually offer an alternative to the health care reform law , and that he himself expects to remain speaker -- despite facing another conservative coup attempt -- for quite some time . "  I 'll be here for a while , " he said .	House Speaker John Boehner confirmed the GOP lawsuit against Obama 's immigration actions Boehner also defended his decision to invite Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to speak in March He said he plans to remain as speaker : "  I 'll be here for a while . "
CNN  Late on Friday night , the Sierra Leone-registered Ezadeen was towed into the port of Corigliano Calabro in southern Italy . Normally a livestock carrier , the vessel had just under 400 people on board , including more than 70 children . Most were from Syria , desperate to reach Europe -- whatever the cost and risk . For the second time in days a merchant ship had been abandoned by its crew in atrocious weather in the Ionian Sea between Greece and Italy , its human cargo left helpless in storm force gales . The message from the Ezadeen was simple and helpless : "  There is no one to steer . " The Moldovan-flagged Blue Sky M was abandoned by most of its crew three days earlier . One of the migrants on board had been able to raise the alarm , but initially a Greek frigate in the area reported nothing amiss on board . Some 800 people were crammed into the hull of Blue Sky M . In both cases , it was the Italian coast guard that eventually boarded and steered the ships to safety . Maurizio Albahari , an anthropologist from the Italian port of Gallipoli  where the Blue Sky M docked  , says it 's not the first time that larger cargo ships have been involved in illicit journeys at this time of year , with the smugglers hoping there will be fewer maritime patrols over the Christmas period . But the tactic of setting vessels on autopilot and then abandoning them is rare . Albahari , an assistant professor at the University of Notre Dame in the United States , says these larger vessels are often "  mother ships " that discharge the migrants onto smaller boats . But the heavy sea conditions suggest the Ezadeen and Blue Sky M -- both old ships -- were sacrificed for one last payday . People desperate to escape war , persecution Ships carrying the migrants are frequently barely seaworthy -- flying under flags of convenience , sometimes with forged certificates . They are the workhorses of the Mediterranean , changing names and owners frequently , carrying cargoes like salt until sent on one last desperate voyage . Some have lost their safety certificate . The 73-meter  240-foot  Ezadeen was built in 1966 , according to shipping records . These ships carry some desperate to escape war or persecution , who would typically be classified as refugees . The majority are trying to escape poverty or hunger -- illegal migrants . The distinction is often not easy to make . But with the conflict in Syria in its fourth year , and the collapse of Libya , the flow of desperate people heading north is growing exponentially . European officials say the port of Mersin in southern Turkey , which is still connected by ferry to Latakia in Syria , is often a starting point for the journey , and the ships will sometimes travel via Cyprus . The Blue Sky M appears to have called at the Syrian port of Latakia last month ; the Ezadeen at nearby Tartus in October . There is always money to be made out of misery . Their routes can be difficult to trace ; these vessels often sail with their Automatic Identification System disabled , making them electronically invisible . Albahari says officials at smaller ports in Turkey , Egypt and Albania sometimes turn a blind eye to the human trafficking , which can be disguised by bringing migrants on board in small batches . In Libya , the absence of any state authority allows Tunisian fishing boats to take part in the illicit traffic . Local militia in Libya control and profit from two migrant routes through the Sahara . In the east , Somalis , Eritreans and Sudanese come through al Kufrah ; west Africans pass through Sabah . The "  passengers " -- frequently without water , food or warmth -- pay anywhere between $ 5,000 and $ 9,000 a person for the crossing . So a single shipment might be worth $ 1 million . But most are prepared to pay the premium rather than risk trying to take the cheaper route from Libya , where African migrants endure far worse conditions . Figures from the European Union 's border agency , Frontex , show that 270,000 people tried to enter Europe illegally in 2014 -- with huge increases in the numbers setting off across the central and eastern Mediterranean . According to the International Organization for Migration , more than 3,000 died in the attempt in 2014 . Pope : Do n't let sea "  become a vast cemetery " For 15 months cash-strapped Italy ran a program called Mare Nostrum , which rescued thousands of would-be refugees and migrants in the Mediterranean . The Italian navy converted the San Giorgio into a rescue ship equipped with an infirmary , jail cells for smugglers and even quarantine sections for those with infectious diseases . But Mare Nostrum cost some $ 12 million a month and critics said it encouraged migrants to try to reach Europe . "  Traffickers have taken advantage of the situation by placing more vulnerable people in unseaworthy boats on the basis that they will be rescued and taken to Italy , " the UK Immigration Minister James Brokenshire told Parliament last year . Britain refused to contribute to Frontex 's Operation Triton , which replaced Mare Nostrum in November and has already rescued some 11,400 migrants . Even a patrol boat from Iceland has been involved : the Tyr was the first alongside the Ezadeen late Thursday . The Tyr also helped bring more than 400 migrants to a port in Sicily last month after rescuing them from ships that had set sail from Turkey . By its own admission the Frontex operation is limited , with patrols staying largely within 30 nautical miles of the European shore . Its budget is less than one-third of Mare Nostrum , and it has just two planes and a helicopter , and about seven patrol vessels . Human rights groups say the new approach amounts to "  Let them drown . " The "  autopilot " tactic seen in the last week may be a reaction by smugglers to this new policy , as there is less chance of migrants being found farther out to sea . The incoming head of the European Commission , Jean Claude Junker , has promised to reinforce Frontex . But across the EU , support is rising for stronger action against would-be migrants . There is little sympathy for an expensive Europe-wide version of Mare Nostrum to pluck thousands of people from the Mediterranean . In November , Pope Francis made an impassioned plea for Europe to recognize the "  human dignity of immigrants . " "  We can not allow the Mediterranean to become a vast cemetery , " he told the European Parliament . But with several countries on the southern shore of the Mediterranean highly unstable , smugglers will be hoping to make much more money in 2015 . And hundreds of their customers are likely to perish in the process .	The flow of migrants has increased significantly Many travel on barely seaworthy vessels Pope : "  We can not allow the Mediterranean to become a vast cemetery "
CNN  -- The European Commission handed down its ruling in a landmark anti-trust case against Intel Wednesday , fining the computer chip giant a record $ 1.45 billion for abusing its dominant position in the computer processing unit  CPU  market . On Wednesday the European Commission fined Intel a record $ 1.45 billion for violating anti-trust laws . The ruling , which Intel plans to appeal , may have future implications for American companies accused of "  jurisdiction shopping " to avoid anti-trust verdicts against them , says CNN 's Jim Boulden , who explains the basics of the Intel case . The commission has hit Intel with the biggest fine ever -- what were its reasons ? The European Commission says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position in semiconductors for years . The EC says Intel has systematically given PC makers and stores rebates to keep computers with AMD chips off the shelves . AMD  another American company and Intel 's only competitor  first raised the red flag in 2000 . Why does the commission have the power to impose such fines ? EU law does not regard market dominance as illegal , but it is allowed to fine a company that abuses its position as the biggest in any given market . It has a guideline of fining a company based on a percentage of profits . EU law is set up to "  protect consumers , " and the anti-trust office says consumers were hurt . Yet as Intel likes to point out , consumers did not launch this case -- AMD , a competitor , launched this in Europe  and in Japan and South Korea  as the U.S. antitrust officials under George W. Bush were unlikely to pursue a case on these merits . The EU could fine Intel  or any company  based on 10 % of global annual revenues , but chose to fine it on a smaller percentage made in the EU . Can Intel afford to pay this fine ? What state is the company in at the moment ? Intel reported first quarter revenue of $ 7 billion . It can easily afford this . Interestingly , it lost 4 percent of its market share to AMD so far this year . The company says it will appeal -- when is that likely to be heard ? Another appeal will take months . Intel already appealed a preliminary part of this ruling last year and lost . Meanwhile , the EC can argue that Intel is still abusing its position and increase the fine during the appeals process , as it did to Microsoft . Intel is not the first tech company to be hit by the European Commission . What about Microsoft ? The anti-trust unit has launched another round of investigations against Microsoft . It has already paid its fine and the EU continues to watch the company 's behavior on the previous matters . What kind of precedent does the Intel case set ? The EU has fined all kinds of cartels and market abusers , but rarely does it fine big American companies based on complaints from American competitors -- so the case catches the eye , especially with critics who accuse American companies of "  jurisdiction shopping " to get a favorable outcome .	European Commission fines Intel a record $ 1.45 billion for anti-trust violation EC says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position Competitor AMD brought the case to the attention of European officials EC anti-trust has commenced another round of investigations into Microsoft
CNN  -- Egyptian soccer club Al Ahly snatched a late equalizer against Tunisia 's titleholders Esperance on Sunday to leave the African Champions League final in the balance . The Cairo club will travel to Tunis for the second leg on November 17 thankful for the 88th-minute leveler from substitute El-Sayed Hamdy , who canceled out a valuable away goal by Waleed Hichri . The match was played at an army stadium near Alexandria due to the security problems faced since 74 fans died in February 's Port Said tragedy during a match involving Al Ahly and Al Masry . Some 20,000 spectators were allowed to attend -- only the second time since the deaths that a match in Egypt has not been played behind closed doors . Read more : Egyptian ultras seek justice for deaths The Egyptian league has been suspended since February as the club 's militant fans -- known as "  ultras " -- have promised to disrupt matches in protest against the lack of action taken by the authorities . An inquiry into the Port Said deaths is ongoing . A minute 's silence in honor of the dead preceded a goalless first half on Sunday , but Esperance took the lead five minutes after the break when Tunisia international defender Hichri netted from Khalil Chamam 's corner . Al Ahly , in the final for the first time since 2008 's record sixth title success , were denied by a superb point-blank save by goalkeeper Ben Chrifia until Ahmed Fathy set up striker Hamdy . "  I 'm satisfied with that draw , the match was very difficult so it felt like a win for us today , " Ahly coach Hossam El-Badry told reporters . "  The performance of Ahly players tonight was affected by the long football stoppage in Egypt . It was also difficult for us to arrange friendly games lately . "	First leg of African Champions League final ends in 1-1 draw in Egypt Titleholders Esperance take the lead through defender Waleed Hichri Substitute striker El-Sayed Hamdy equalizes late ahead of trip to Tunisia Match was played in Alexandria not Ahly 's Cairo ground due to ongoing security fears
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored twice for Barcelona as the European champions crushed BATE Borisov 5-0 to claim their first Group H win in this season 's Champions League . Barca opened the scoring in the 19th minute of a wet evening in Belarus , when Alyaksandr Volodko turned a Dani Alves cross from the right into his own net and they doubled their lead three minutes later when Pedro headed home David Villa 's left-wing center . Goalkeeper Alyaksandr Gutor gifted Barca their third , dropping Pedro 's cross onto Messi 's head for the Argentine 's first goal of the night , while Messi added his second soon after the interval -- firing home after exchanging passes with Alves . Messi has now scored 14 goals already this season and takes his total number of Barcelona goals to 193 , joint second with Hungarian Ladislao Kubala in Barca 's all-time list of leading scorers . Villa added a last-gasp fifth goal for Barca , after BATE had made a mess of a free-kick , as the Catalan giants equalled their biggest-ever Champions League win . Barcelona are level on four points with Milan at the top of the group , after the Italian champions saw off Czech side Viktoria Plzen 2-0 at the San Siro . Milan opened the scoring in the 53rd minute when Zlatan Ibrahimovic marked his return from injury by netting from the penalty spot after Marian Cisovsky handled in the area . And Ibrahimovic set up Milan 's second 13 minutes later , holding off his marker before slipping the ball through for Antonio Cassano to deftly find the net . BATE Borisov and Viktoria Plzen are joint third on one point apiece and already look to have a mountain to climb against the two giants of the group . Chelsea are top of Group E with four points from their first two matches , despite conceding a late penalty in a 1-1 draw at Spanish side Valencia . England midfielder Frank Lampard , who was restored to the side by manager Andre Villas-Boas after being left out of their weekend win over Swansea , opened the scoring in the 56th minute when converting Florent Malouda 's pull-back . But , just three minutes from time , Roberto Soldado levelled from the spot after substitute Salomon Kalou handled a cross in the area . Bayer Leverkusen are second in the table with three points after a 2-0 home victory over Belgian champions Genk . Lars Bender opened the scoring on the half hour mark , slamming home a shot from a tight angle , and veteran midfielder Michael Ballack sealed the win in injury time with a superb volley -- his first goal in more than 18 months . Valencia are third in the table on two points , after drawing their opening two games , with Genk propping up the others with just a single point from their two matches . In Group F , Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain entered the record books as the London side beat Olympiakos 2-1 at the Emirates Stadium . Chamberlain , 18 , opened the scoring with a composed eighth minute finish to become the youngest-ever Englishman to score in the competition . Brazilian left-back Andre Santos scored his first Arsenal goal from a tight angle to double their lead before David Fuster pulled a goal back with an unmarked header from inside the area . Arsenal are second in the table with four points , two behind French champions Marseille , who lead the way with a maximum six points after cruising to a 3-0 home win over Borussia Dortmund . Andre Ayew gave the hosts a 1-0 half-time lead when he fired home a low shot from outside the area and they doubled their lead in the 62nd minute when Loic Remy blasted home after superbly chesting the ball down . Ayew added his second , and Marseille 's third , seven minutes later , converting from the penalty spot after Remy had been bundled to the ground by Dortmund captain Sebastian Kehl . The only down side for Marseille was the late dismissal of Jordan Ayew , who was shown a second yellow card for diving . Meanwhile , Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg battled back from going behind to claim a 3-1 Group G win over 10-man Porto . Europa League winners Porto went ahead in the 10th minute when Colombian James Rodriguez netted from Hulk 's right-wing cross , but the home side drew level 10 minutes later when Roman Shirokov scored from the edge of the area after goalkeeper Helton had deflected a Viktor Faizulin cross into his path . Porto had defender Jorge Fucile sent off for two yellow cards just before the break -- and Zenit took control in the second half . Shirokov scored his and Zenit 's second when converting from close range and Danny added a third 18 minutes from time when turning home Alexander Kerzhakov 's cross . However , surprise leaders of the group after two matches are Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia , who drew 1-1 at last season 's quarterfinalists Shakhtar Donetsk . That result leaves APOEL on four points , with Zenit and Porto on three apiece and Shakhtar trailing on a single point .	Lionel Messi scores twice to help Barcelona thump BATE Borisov 5-0 in Belarus The double strike means Messi is now joint second in Barca 's all-time scoring list Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain becomes the youngest Englishman to score in Champions League The 18-year-old helps Arsenal to beat Olympiakos of Greece 2-1 at the Emirates Stadium
CNN  -- After 14 years , Larry Page has confessed to the Financial Times that Google "  probably does need " a new mission statement . Back in 1999 , Google came up with "  ten things we know to be true " that defined the then-little Silicon Valley start-up . So here are some suggested tweaks to make the Google 's original mission statement more relevant in 2014 . Ten things we still know to be true . 1 . Original mission : Focus on the user and all else will follow Tweak : Follow the user and all else will come into focus Google , of course , relies on knowing everything about its user to make money . Its "  free " service is n't really free for us , since Google has become the preeminent "  big data " company , mining our personal information to sell advertising . Indeed , as former Google CEO Eric Schmidt boasted , Google follows us so closely that it not only knows where we 've been , but also where we are going . 2 . Original mission : It 's best to do one thing really , really well Tweak : It 's best to do many , many things really , really well Google started as just another search engine . But today , the $ 372 billion leviathan , one of the world 's three most valuable companies , not only dominates the world 's advertising industry , but is also increasingly powerful in the publishing , movie , automotive , education and mapping industries . Google does many , many things really , really well . So well , indeed , that the company has grabbed the attention of anti-trust regulators in Washington DC and Brussels . 3 . Original Mission : Fast is better than slow Tweak : Fast is worse than slow As the Internet critic Nicholas Carr famously asked : "  Is Google Making Us Stupid ? " In his 2011 Pulitzer Prize nominated best-seller , The Shallows , Carr concluded that yes , Google is indeed making us stupid . It is shortening our attention spans and making us more and more reliant on links . Through Internet companies like Google , Carr says , we have become information skimmers , snacking continually on unedifying links and other superficial content . 4 . Original Mission : Democracy on the web works Tweak : Democracy on the web does n't work Last week , UK spy chief Robert Hannigan said that terrorist groups like ISIS are exploiting the web to successfully peddle their radically anti-democratic message . Describing social media as "  a terrorist 's command-and-control network of choice , " Hannigan warned that unless companies like Google actively cooperate with security services , the web will become an increasingly effective bastion for anti-democratic forces and messages . 5 . Original Mission : You do n't need to be at your desk to need an answer Tweak : You do n't need to be at your desk or in your car or at a cafÃ © or in bed to need an answer Google , of course , now has many , many more ways of following users than its traditional search engine . From Google Glass to Google self-driving cars , the view from the Googleplex is increasingly ubiquitous . Wherever we are , Google is coming up with devices to track our behavior . The desk is so 1999 . Today , Google is transforming the whole world into a desktop environment where all our movements and thoughts can be tracked and analyzed wherever we are -- from our cars to our bedrooms . 6 . Original Mission : You can make money without doing evil Tweak : You can make a lot of money without doing good Okay . So Google is n't any more evil than Exxon , General Motors or Raytheon . But it is n't morally better either . Google was founded on the hubristic notion that one could simultaneously become very rich and do good . But this , of course , is the ultimate Silicon Valley conceit . Ten years on from its original mission statement , Google has emerged as one of the most powerful and profitable multinational corporations in the world . Its mission is making money for its shareholders , not improving the world . Rather than a public service , Google is -- with Apple -- the most successful for-profit company in today 's global capitalist system . 7 . Original Mission : There 's always more information out there Tweak : There 's always more and more information out there See # 5 8 . Original Mission : The need for information crosses all borders Tweak : The need for information crosses all borders  except China , Russia and Iran For a mixture of idealistic and self-interested reasons , Google has branded itself as the information platform for the world . But , of course , the world is n't a United Nations-style high school project and countries like Russia , China and Iran are increasingly making it hard for its citizens to use Google . Indeed , this is Google 's greatest challenge in its second decade : how to compete against state-supported search companies like Baidu and Yandex . 9 . Original mission : You can be serious without a suit Tweak : You can be serious with a suit One of Google 's most remarkable accomplishments over the last 14 years has been to disrupt traditional corporate culture . Disruption now is business orthodoxy . Everyone -- from IBM to Ford -- wants to "  do a Google " and disrupt entire industries . The Google way -- of encouraging play and creativity -- has become the new corporate conformity . If you want to rebel these days : wear a suit . Everyone else is trying to look like Larry Page . 10 . Original Mission : Great just is n't good enough Tweak : Google just is n't good enough Google was originally conceived as a way of reinventing the world . "  Ultimately , our constant dissatisfaction with the ways things are becomes the driving force behind everything we do , " the company wrote in 1999 . But today , Google has become the standard operating system for the world - the way things are . Its real challenge over the next 14 years is to convince its billions of users that we can trust a company that relies on mining our personal data for its massive profits . Currently , Google just is n't good enough . Let 's hope by 2029 , this will have changed .	Google 's Larry Page admits Google "  probably does need " a new mission statement Andrew Keen suggests tweaking the internet behemoth 's "  ten things we know to be true " Keen : Google-style disruption of traditional corporate culture is now business orthodoxy "  Can we trust a company that relies on mining our personal data for its massive profits ? "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British woman who suffers from multiple sclerosis has lost her appeal to clarify Britain 's laws on assisted suicide , a charity working with the woman said Thursday . Debbie Purdy and husband Omar Puente pictured outside the High Court in October 2008 . But the woman did get a strong hint that anyone who helped her travel to a country where assisted suicide is legal would not be prosecuted . Debbie Purdy , 45 , had asked the Court of Appeal to clarify Britain 's laws on assisted suicide -- an option she has said she wants if her pain one day becomes unbearable . Under the current laws , Purdy says , it is not clear at which point her husband would be breaking the law if he helped her to travel to an assisted suicide clinic . Purdy was appealing an October ruling by the High Court , which also refused to clarify the laws . Purdy suffers from primary progressive multiple sclerosis , in which symptoms become progressively worse over time . She has said she wants the option to travel abroad to have an assisted death should her condition deteriorate . Under Britain 's current law , Purdy 's husband , Omar Puente , could face 14 years in prison if he accompanies her to a country , such as Switzerland , where assisted suicide is legal . Purdy had asked the High Court judges to tell her at what point Puente would be subject to prosecution -- whether it would include helping her into a car , sitting with her on the plane to the clinic , or helping her with her bags . In its judgment Thursday , the appeal court did imply Puente would be safe from prosecution . The judges referred to the earlier case of Dan James , a 23-year-old British rugby player who died in an assisted suicide last year . James had been paralyzed from the neck down in a rugby accident . James ' parents , Mark and Julie James , flew with their son to an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland . They faced questions on their return to Britain but were not prosecuted . The court said the decision not to prosecute the Jameses "  is illustrative not only of the care with which the issue in these cases would be approached , but also an extremely helpful example of the kind of broad circumstances in which ... the ultimate decision would be that a prosecution should not be mounted , " according to an excerpt released by Dignity in Dying , the charity that worked on Purdy 's case . "  If the prosecution amounts to an abuse of process , the court will dismiss it , " the court said in its judgment . Purdy said that wording made her feel like she had won her argument , even though she lost the appeal . "  I am very grateful for , and respect the ruling of the appeal court , " she said in a statement . "  They have done everything they can do to clarify that , given the Dan James judgment , Omar would be unlikely to be prosecuted if he were to accompany me abroad for an assisted death , and we are therefore one step closer to the clarification I need . " Dignity in Dying has said it is important for the British government to distinguish between people who maliciously encourage suicide and those who accompany a loved one abroad to die . Under current law , the 1961 Suicide Act , assisting a suicide is a crime punishable by up to 14 years imprisonment . Anyone who aids , abets , counsels or procures the suicide of another , or an attempt by another to commit suicide , is liable . Dignity in Dying has said it ultimately wants British law changed to allow the terminally ill the choice of assisted death . To date , no one who has accompanied a loved one to the Swiss clinic Dignitas has been prosecuted , but they have been questioned by police and threatened with prosecution , according to Dignity in Dying . "  The courts have done all they can , " said Sarah Wootton , chief executive of Dignity in Dying . "  They make quite clear that only Parliament has the authority to change the law . If there 's no public interest in prosecuting , there must be a public interest in updating the law to remove doubt . "	UK court rejects appeal calling for clarification of laws on assisted suicide But verdict hints anyone helping another go elsewhere to die would n't be prosecuted MS sufferer Debbie Purdy wants option to travel abroad for assisted death Parents of rugby player who died in Switzerland last year were not prosecuted
CNN  -- We asked readers to weigh in on New Orleans ' best dishes , and boy , did you deliver . We received delicious descriptions of beignets and bacon sundaes , shrimp po ' boys and alligator sausage cheesecake . But a person can only eat so much . Fortunately , you also offered some great ideas for the between-meal hours . When you 've had your fill of eating and drinking yourself silly , check out these activities : Escape to nature Less than 30 minutes from the city , the Barataria Preserve outside Marrero offers a snapshot of South Louisiana wildlife . Part of the Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve , the 23,000-acre wilderness area is a favorite spot for John Zoeckler , of Diamond Bar , California . Zoeckler and his wife like to walk out into the bayou at the preserve . "  The boardwalk makes a safe , more or less hazard-free walk out of what might have otherwise been a muddy and dangerous trek . We have seen alligators , snakes , spiders , lizards , frogs , and occasionally , other tourists there , " Zoeckler wrote on iReport.com . "  It can be hot and thick with insect life , but it 's well worth these inconveniences . Take bug repellant , a hat , water and a camera when you go , " he said . The park is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. but closed on Mardi Gras , so save it for a post-revelry stroll . Eatocracy : Ultimate Mardi Gras food and drink guide Teach a man to -- cook jambalaya OK , so some educational activities do involve eating . A few hours at the New Orleans School of Cooking will serve you well when you get home and are "  jonesing for some jambalaya , " said Edward Slonaker of Corpus Christi , Texas . "  I did the gumbo , jambalaya , bread pudding class . You learn the basics of making a roux , the differences between ` Cajun ' and ` Creole ' cooking , even the secrets to making a good praline ! And , they give you all the recipes of the dishes they make , " Slonaker wrote . Plus , you eat what 's prepared in front of you . Colleen Levitt , of Royal Oak , Michigan , also enjoyed a cooking demonstration and "  got a history lesson to boot , " she wrote . Demonstration classes are held most days starting at 10 a.m. for $ 29 per person , with afternoon classes at 2 p.m. for $ 24 per person . Mardi Gras beyond bare breasts A festive river ride Prairieville , Louisiana , resident Marissa Turner went to college in New Orleans and lives 90 minutes away . "  I 've done just about everything there is to do in NOLA , " she said . "  The most enjoyable thing we 've ever done was the Christmas Eve cruise on the Steamboat Natchez . Of course , the food and ` good cheer ' was wonderful , but hearing Christmas carols done by a Dixieland jazz band while watching the fog roll over the river and the city was amazing , " she said . The Steamboat Natchez offers live jazz on all of its Mississippi River outings , which include dinner cruises  $ 70 for adults  , evening jazz cruises  $ 42 for adults  , lunch cruises  $ 37 for adults  and two-hour daytime cruises  $ 26 for adults  . Wild things beyond Bourbon Street The city 's Audubon Zoo also provides a nice change of scenery . "  Set away from all the noise of the French Quarter , this park has got some beautiful , tranquil exhibits of exotic animals , " Slonaker said . The "  Louisiana Swamp " exhibit is also a must , he said . The zoo is fun , educational , and "  you 'll walk off all the great food you 've been devouring in the French Quarter . " Admission is $ 17.50 for adults and $ 12 for children . The zoo is closed on Mardi Gras . A historical treasure Founded by historian and author Stephen Ambrose , the National World War II Museum in New Orleans looks at the American experience of the war . "  This museum is full of history and kept the interest of my two high school children , " wrote one iReporter , using the handle usafsmsgt . "  From the Higgins boat , to the planes , to the story of rations and chocolate , this is a wonderful place to go and it is still expanding . " The museum is open 7 days a week from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tickets to the museum are $ 22 for adults . Museum admission is free for World War II veterans and discounts are offered to members of the military with identification . Do n't forget the music Just as satisfying your appetite is a cinch in this city , filling your ears with world-class music is just as easy . "  Preservation Hall affords you intimate access to lifelong musicians ; stay for one 45-minute set or all three , " wrote Alycon Pierce of Falls Church , Virginia . Preservation Hall is a Crescent City institution , established in 1961 to preserve New Orleans jazz as rock and modern jazz grew in popularity . Live music brings the hall to life nightly from 8 p.m. until 11 p.m. It 's an all-ages experience ; admission is $ 15 . The French Quarter hall is closed for Mardi Gras  Saturday to Fat Tuesday  and set to reopen on Wednesday . For a "  very intimate and authentic New Orleans venue , " Anthony DiFatta , of Jackson , Mississippi , recommends Tipitina 's on Napoleon Avenue . Judy Pfau Hull of Rochester , New York , suggests venturing out of the Quarter to The Marigny for live music . The district along the neighborhood 's Frenchmen Street is home to some of the city 's best venues . Frenchmen Street : Finding the real New Orleans Illinois resident Dianne Vehlow has visited the Blue Nile on Frenchmen Street twice . "  The Blue Nile is the kind of neighborhood place where customers walk in with an enormous pizza and not only enjoy it themselves , but share it with the band . This actually happened the first time I was there . " This story was updated in February 2013 .	iReporters share their favorite New Orleans activities Learn how to make jambalaya at the New Orleans School of Cooking Dive into history at the National World War II museum Escape the city with a bayou stroll in the Barataria Preserve
