CNN  -- Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed into law a bill that will legalize civil unions for same-sex couples in the Aloha State . "  People have worked long and hard for this day , " Abercrombie said at the bill-signing ceremony Wednesday . "  This is a prime example of exercising civic courage . It is about doing what is right , no matter how difficult , no matter how much opposition . " The law goes into effect on January 1 . It extends the same rights and benefits to partners in a civil union that spouses in a marriage enjoy . In July , former Hawaii Gov. Linda Lingle vetoed a similar bill , saying the issue needed to be put to a referendum . Gay rights groups decried her decision . Five states and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Hawaii joins New Jersey in allowing civil unions . Three states -- Rhode Island , New York and Maryland -- recognize same-sex marriages from other states , according to the conference . California recognizes same-sex marriages performed during six months in 2008 after its Supreme Court granted same-sex couples the right to marry and before the passage of Proposition 8 , which overturned the court 's decision .	Abercrombie : "  People have worked long and hard for this day " The law will take effect January 1 , 2012 It extends the same rights to gay couples that spouses in a marriage enjoy In July , Hawaii 's then-governor vetoed a similar bill
CNN  -- One of two motorcyclists who police say used their helmets to bash in an SUV window moments before the driver was dragged out and allegedly assaulted by a gang of bikers turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday . The terrifying incident involving bikers on Manhattan 's west side went viral after a video of the incident surfaced online . A helmet camera one of the bikers was wearing captured much of the road-rage incident , including the moment when the biker who , police say , has now turned himself in walks up to the SUV and smashes its window with a bike helmet . The man 's name was not released , and police said Tuesday afternoon that he had not yet been charged . The New York City Police Department said a man driving a Range Rover with his wife and 2-year-old daughter inside Sunday struck a motorcyclist on Manhattan 's West Side Highway , breaking his leg . The biker who was struck by the SUV , 28-year-old Christopher Cruz , was later arrested and faces several charges , including reckless endangerment , reckless driving and endangering the welfare of a child , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said on Tuesday . Earlier an NYPD spokeswoman , Lt. Karen Anderson , described the original incident by saying , "  It was an accident . " The SUV driver pulled over after the biker was hit , and the motorcyclists surrounded his vehicle , hitting it and spiking the tires , police said . The driver pulled away , hitting three more bikers in the process , police said . One of those bikers , Edwin Mieses , 32 , is now paralyzed and in a coma , his family told CNN affiliate WBZ . "  All of his ribs are fractured , " Mieses ' mother , Yolanda Santiago , told CNN WBZ , "  his lungs are so badly bruised that he 's still on a ventilator . " Mieses ' wife , Dayana , told CNN affiliate WCBS her husband got off his bike to help Cruz but the SUV driver drove off , hitting her husband on the way . The hospital where Mieses is being treated did not respond to CNN inquiries about his condition . The gang , called "  Hollywood Stuntz , " according to police , chased the man , and he was forced to stop because of flat tires . The SUV driver was cornered and beaten , according to police . He was later treated at a local hospital for slashes to his face and released . His wife and child were not injured . "  I do n't condone the violence , there 's no need for it , " Mieses ' sister Margie Mejia told WBZ , but "  I 'm glad they chased him down and they stopped him . " Authorities have not identified the people in the SUV . Police say this same group of bikers descended on New York City and clogged up Times Square last year in what Commissioner Kelly said was a "  major stunt event . " Authorities say they were able to prevent the group from entering Times Square this year . Police arrested 15 bikers in total Sunday , seized 55 bikes and wrote 68 summons for various violations . They are looking at video footage to try to determine if any other charges will be filed in the road-rage incident . On whether it was legal for the SUV driver to leave the scene after hitting the first motorcyclist , Kelly said Tuesday that "  you have to look at the totality of the circumstances and that 's what we 're doing . " "  The investigation is ongoing , " Kelly said . At this time , the SUV driver is not facing any charges . "  It 's not going to bring my son 's legs back , because it 's not going to make him walk again , " Mieses ' mother said , "  But justice has to be served . " CNN 's Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	A rider among those involved in a gang road-rage incident turns himself in , police say The incident started when a Range Rover driver accidentally hits a biker , NYPD says Other bikers chase the SUV , slash the vehicle 's tires , force the driver to stop , police say Video of the incident is captured by a helmet camera goes viral on the Internet
CNN  -- A controversial comment by the top U.N. envoy to Somalia "  motivates " those who have carried out recent fatal attacks against journalists in the war-torn country , the head of the National Union of Somali Journalists  NUSOJ  said Wednesday . Friends and relatives prepare to bury Said Tahlil , a journalist killed on February 4 . Earlier this month , the U.N. special representative for Somalia , Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah , compared the role of Somalia 's media with the infamous Rwandan radio station that was used to incite participation in the 1994 genocide in that country . A day after his remarks , suspected Islamist gunmen shot and killed Said Tahlil Ahmed , the director of independent HornAfrik Radio in Mogadishu , in broad daylight in the Somali capital . Ould-Abdallah 's statement "  motivates the criminals and warlords who have been committing unpunished crimes against journalists to keep on their merciless war against media , " according to Omar Faruk Osman , head of the NUSOJ . It also "  raises serious questions regarding the willingness of  Ould-Abdallah  to help protect Somalia 's endangered media professionals , " Faruk Osman said . He called on the U.N. official to "  immediately withdraw allegations against Somali media and make  a  public apology . " "  If the U.N. ambassador does not meet our demand , it only confirms a hidden and dangerous agenda by the U.N. official , " he said . Last week , Human Rights Watch  HRW  called on Ould-Abdallah to "  immediately retract " his statement . In a February 3 Voice of America interview , Ould-Abdallah reacted angrily to allegations that African Union troops the day before had indiscriminately fired on Somali civilians after their convoy was struck by a roadside bomb . HRW has also called for an independent investigation into that incident , which killed at least 13 -- most of them civilians . "  What happened is to divert attention from what is going on here and , as usual , to use the media to repeat Radio Mille Collines , to repeat the genocide in Rwanda , " Ould-Abdallah said in the VOA broadcast . Faruk Osman said that while not all Somali journalists are perfect , "  they are working in an extraordinarily difficult environment by the fault of politicians , and toothless diplomats . " "  The comparison with Radio Mille Collines is insulting , ignorant and dangerous , as that radio had become a legitimate military target in Rwanda , " the NUSOJ secretary-general added . On Saturday , another Somali journalist , Hassan Bulhan Ali , was stabbed five times in the stomach and heart during a tribal reconciliation meeting in the central town of Abudwaq , according to NUSOJ . Bulhan , 38 and director of Radio Abudwaq -- was critically wounded . "  Somali journalists have paid an enormous price to continue reporting on the crisis in Somalia , " said Georgette Gagnon , HRW 's Africa director . "  The U.N. should be making every effort to support independent Somali media and civil society at this critical time , not comparing journalists to war criminals . " Somali radio stations in Mogadishu recently agreed to take steps to avoid broadcasting any messages of incitement , according to Shabelle Media . The stations agreed not to air live sermons by Muslim clerics or live news conferences or interviews by insurgent groups in an effort to avoid promoting their political agendas , according to the Shabelle report . The statements will instead be recorded and "  checked and edited , " before they are broadcast , it said . CNN regularly works with Somali journalists who are employed by Shabelle Media . The Committee to Protect Journalists lists Somalia as the seventh most deadly nation in the world for journalists , with 11 Somali journalists killed since 2007 , including Said Tahlil Ahmed and another this year . Members of the news media work under duress there amid a war between a weak transitional government and insurgents , the committee said .	Somali journalists say U.N. envoy 's quote motivates attacks on them He appeared to compare Somali journalists with Rwandan radio staion during genocide Journalists want an apology and the remark retracted Rwandan radio was used to encourage participation in genocide in 1994
Zurich , Switzerland  CNN  -- Top international soccer officials are meeting Thursday in Switzerland to discuss whether to change the dates for the 2022 World Cup tournament in Qatar from summer to winter amid concerns over heat . The two-day meeting of FIFA 's executive committee in Zurich will also consider allegations that migrant workers employed on huge World Cup-related construction projects are being abused . Dozens of workers ' rights protesters , waving flags and brandishing red cards , gathered outside the complex ahead of the meeting as they delivered a letter to FIFA President Sepp Blatter calling on soccer 's world governing body to ensure fair labor practices . A FIFA official took the letter inside , saying that FIFA is taking the matter seriously . Members of the executive committee , known as ExCo , declined to answer reporters ' questions as they entered . In addition to the issues of Qatar 's summer heat and concerns over labor conditions , the committee is expected to hear an update from Qatar 2022 organizers on their preparations for the World Cup . FIFA has been considering the option of moving the tournament because of fears that players and fans could be adversely affected by temperatures that sometimes reach 122 degrees Fahrenheit during the summer . All 54 member associations of UEFA , Europe 's governing body , last month voted against holding the tournament in the Qatari summer , adding to speculation that a move to the winter was in prospect . But a winter World Cup would cause chaos with the European domestic season , with many clubs fearing they could lose out financially . Decision , or no decision ? The final decision lies with FIFA 's executive committee . Its verdict had been widely expected to come Friday -- but UEFA President Michel Platini has reportedly cast doubt on that . "  There will be no decision . It is impossible , " he is quoted by Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper as saying Wednesday in Zurich . Platini reportedly added that he was "  much more concerned " by the allegations of abusive labor practices in Qatar than the question of when the tournament is played . FIFA said last week that it would raise the issue of workers ' rights with the Qatari authorities and that the executive committee would discuss claims that migrant workers are being exploited . A CNN report in May highlighted allegations by rights groups that thousands of construction workers building the infrastructure for the 2022 World Cup have been abused , denied their wages and trapped in a situation from which they can not escape because , under Qatar 's visa system , they can not leave the country without their employer 's consent . Allegations made by The Guardian newspaper last week added to concerns . The world professional footballers association , FIFPro , said that "  Qatar must respect the rights of the key people who will deliver the 2022 FIFA World Cup : the workers who build the World Cup stadia and infrastructure and the professional footballers who play in them . " The Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee has said it is committed to ensuring workers ' safety and well being . Labor ministry : More inspectors , translators Ali Al Khulaifi , an international relations adviser at Qatar 's Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs , told CNN that Qatar is taking concrete steps to ensure its labor rules are enforced , including making it easier for workers to report abuses by their employers . "  We have a plan to double the number of inspectors by the end of the year , " he said . "  Since many of the migrant workers do n't speak Arabic , we are hiring translators to submit complaints . " The Ministry of Labor says it plans to increase the number of branches it has from the current two in the capital , Doha , and five outside , but has not given details . Conditions for workers in Qatar have come under increased scrutiny since a report in The Guardian last week alleging that dozens of Nepali migrant laborers died there over the summer . "  We are a member of the ILO  International Labour Organization  . We have ratified the forced labor convention . So we 're hiring an international firm to look into the allegations , " Al Khulaifi said "  Work-related deaths are really unfortunate . But the numbers are less than what was published . " He said the ministry would investigate any claims that some companies are holding the passports of workers , preventing them from leaving , as has been alleged . The ministry has commissioned an international law firm , DLA Piper , to carry out independent investigation into the allegations and report back to the government , the state-run Qatar News Agency reported Wednesday . Legal action threatened The question of any shift in the calendar for the 2022 Qatar World Cup -- or , more drastically , any move to take it away from the wealthy Gulf nation -- will be closely watched around the world . Australia , which lost out to Qatar along with South Korea , the United States and Japan , believes it should be compensated if the World Cup is held in the winter rather than the summer and has threatened legal action . A move to the winter months could also have big cost implications for European clubs and for broadcasters . Moving matches means shifting many of the events that the latter have paid multimillions for and , importantly , would be wanting to tie up in contracts for the future . Blatter , the FIFA president , recently said that it would not be feasible to hold a summer World Cup in Qatar . But Qatar disagrees . Hassan al-Thawadi , secretary general of the Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee , told CNN last week that it is "  absolutely not " too hot during the summer to stage the tournament then . He acknowledged that summer in his country is hot , but said , "  Other nations have hosted similar World Cups in similar if not more severe conditions . " In addition , he said , Qatar is investing in cooling technologies for stadiums , training areas and fan areas . This , he said , "  adds more confidence to us in terms of our ability to host a very successful and very memorable World Cup . " CNN 's Alex Thomas reported from Zurich and Leone Lakhani from Doha , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : Qatar 's Labor Ministry says it will boost inspections and investigate claims of abuses Workers ' rights protesters gather in Zurich as FIFA debates the 2022 Qatar World Cup A decision could be made on whether to move the tournament to Qatar 's winter months There are fears players and fans could suffer in the searing heat of Qatar 's summer
CNN  -- "  The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . " -- Martin Luther King Jr. . Why so long ? As I watched the announcement by Attorney General Eric Holder this past week in San Francisco -- that federal prosecutors would no longer invoke mandatory minimum sentencing laws for certain low-level , nonviolent drug offenders -- I kept asking myself : "  Why so long ? " Pardon me if I am underwhelmed by the sudden turnaround , especially in light of the evidence having been overwhelming for the past 40 years that we have been on the wrong path . These mandatory minimums were a bad idea when they were first proposed . Not because I say so , but because the evidence leads to almost no other conclusion . I came of age during America 's crack epidemic and I have seen the results of this scourge on our society in my own family , where family members have suffered , their lives affected and dreams shattered . But putting them on lockdown because a judge had no discretion whatsoever was never the answer to any prayer . Not for my family , not for the millions whose "  lives have been wasted due to the drug war and the types of police tactics that have been deployed in the get-tough-on-crime movement , " as author and law professor Michelle Alexander noted . As reported last week , amid the crack epidemic a generation ago , state and federal lawmakers had enacted a wave of tough crime measures that resulted in a nearly 800 % increase in the number of prisoners in the United States , even as the population grew by only a third . The result ? An increase in the number of African-American and Hispanic men convicted of drug crimes , with black men about six times as likely as white men to be incarcerated . Or in the vernacular we used back in the day when fighting against these discriminatory laws , "  Crack is used in the streets , cocaine in the suites . " And yet , one had to get caught with 100 times more powder cocaine than crack to get the same sentence . I call that racist . Even in the Obama era , although President Obama initially campaigned on a one-to-one ratio in this area of sentencing , what he signed into law in 2010 was 18-to-1 . Better , but not nearly good enough . The attorney general chose the right place to make his announcement . In California the impact these draconian laws have had on prison overcrowding and related issues is front page news almost daily . The once "  Golden State " has been ordered to release nearly 10,000 inmates from its overcrowded prisons by the end of the year to resolve a problem of "  cruel and unusual punishment " that 's been brewing for years due to , what else ? You guessed it , an overly aggressive increase in sentencing . So , with all of this data , why so long for this major shift on crime ? The answers are plentiful but the motive may be singular . I would like to believe that it 's about a shift in our morals ; that our nation has finally come to the conclusion that being the world 's leader on lockdowns is neither socially sustainable nor a just way to treat fellow citizens . But , alas , I 'm not that naive . It 's about money . Pure and simple . As a nation , we have a habit every bit as addictive as the habits of many of the folk we 've locked away . We 've been addicted to the drug of incarceration , and now we can no longer afford our expensive habit . Things are "  breaking bad " for us too . Time for rehab . Of course , like most addictions , this habit wo n't be easy to break . But let 's hope this time around we get the help we need and come to our senses about how to better spend our dollars . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tavis Smiley .	Tavis Smiley : I 'm underwhelmed at Holder 's decision to avert mandatory minimum sentences What took so long ? Such sentences have been a disaster from the beginning , he says He says tough-on-crime laws made incarceration jump 800 % ; blacks , Hispanics bore brunt Smiley : Why is U.S. no longer willing to do this ? Not morals , sadly -- it just got too expensive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As thousands gathered Sunday in Washington for a march and rally focused on gay rights issues , lawmakers showed that some of the demonstrators ' key goals face major obstacles ahead . President Obama speaks to a major gay-rights group Saturday night in Washington . Even with President Obama pushing Congress to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act -- a stance he highlighted to one of the nation 's leading gay-rights groups Saturday night , to huge applause -- members of his own party told CNN they 're not in lockstep . "  I 've said in the past I do n't think that 's the way to go , " Sen. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , told CNN 's John King . He added , "  We can move forward on a lot of measures , but I 'm not sure there 's the support yet for that . " Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , noted that her state is one of many that has a law prohibiting same-sex marriage . "  So I think , for a number of us , that becomes a challenge , " she said . Stabenow would not say whether she would vote to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act . The law , signed by President Clinton in 1996 , defines marriage as being between a man and a woman , and ensures that states do not have to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states . Clinton has since changed his mind , and said he no longer opposes same-sex marriage . Obama does not support same-sex marriage and has said he believes marriage is between a man and a woman . He does , however , support civil unions for same-sex couples that offer similar rights and protections . The two Democratic senators on Sunday expressed support for the president 's stances on several other key issues regarding gay rights , including legislation expanding the definition of hate crimes to include attacks based on sexual orientation and gender identity . The bill passed the House last week . Both also expressed support for the president 's efforts to end the military 's "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . On NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said he thinks the president will succeed on that front . "  I think he will and he can , but it has to be done in the right way , which is to get a buy-in from the military , which I think is now possible , " Levin said . "  Other militaries in the West -- the British and other Western armies -- have ended this discriminatory policy . We can do it successfully , but it ought to be done with thoughtfulness , with care and with a buy-in from the military . " Retired Gen. Richard Myers , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said , "  Gays can serve in the military ; they just ca n't do so openly . And they do , and there are lots of them , and we 're the beneficiary of all that . " Myers did not weigh in on whether the change should happen , but said he agreed with Levin that the "  senior military leadership needs to be part of this , the Pentagon needs to be part of this . " But retired Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey disagreed . "  There 's no question that it 's time to change the policy . The key to it is n't buy-in from the military ; it 's for Congress to change the law . They ought to do so , and I 'm confident that the military will move ahead on it , " he said . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , rejected McCaffrey 's suggestion . "  It 's my belief that if you do n't have buy-in from the military , that 's a disservice to the people in the military . They should be included in this . I 'm open-minded to what the military may suggest , but I can tell you I 'm not going to make policy based on a campaign rally , " Graham told NBC . "  If this policy about ` Do n't ask , do n't tell ' changes , it should be done based not on politics , but on reason . " In his speech Saturday night to the Human Rights Campaign -- the nation 's largest gay rights group -- Obama praised the gay community for making strides in equal rights and pledged to deliver on major campaign promises that critics say he 's left on the back burner . "  For nearly 30 years , you 've advocated for those without a voice , " Obama said . "  Despite the progress we 've made , there are still laws to change and hearts to open . "	Some Democrats cautious about Obama 's pledge to end Defense of Marriage Act Some say they think he 'll succeed in ending military 's "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " policy Others debate whether military "  buy-in " is necessary to end that policy Thousands of gay and lesbian rights supporters hold rally in Washington on Sunday
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Two more blasts struck Nigeria on Monday , bringing the total to five since President Goodluck Jonathan was inaugurated Sunday . One blast Monday was directed at a military patrol in Maiduguri , in northern Nigeria , military spokesman Mohammed Yerima said . No casualties were reported . The other was in Zaria , also in northern Nigeria . It was the second blast in Zaria in less than a day . On Sunday , an explosion struck a beer parlor in Zaria , wounding two people , National Emergency Management Agency spokesman Yushau Shauib said . There were no casualties reported in the bombings Monday . The other two blasts Sunday were at a market in Bauchi , east of Zaria , and a beer hall in Zuba , on the outskirts of the Nigerian capital of Abuja . In the Bauchi explosion , at least 13 people were killed and 20 were wounded , Shauib said . In the Zuba blast , two people were killed and 11 others were hospitalized , Shauib said . In recent weeks , the African nation has been rocked by a series of bombings thought to be engineered by Boko Haram , an Islamic group that has challenged Nigeria 's government . Explosions in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno killed a few and wounded dozens in late April in the days leading up to the national governorship elections . Police described the attacks as attempts to intimidate voters who had picked Jonathan . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged . Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition front-runner . This is Jonathan 's first full term . As vice president , he took over the presidency in May 2010 upon the death of then-President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who had suffered from a heart condition . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	NEW : 13 people were killed in the Bauchi explosion The blasts strike a market , a beer parlor , a military patrol and more An Islamic group is believed to be behind recent attacks
Chicago  CNN  -- Jury selection in the trial of a man accused of killing relatives of actress and singer Jennifer Hudson wrapped up Tuesday . Eighteen people were selected , including six alternates . The group includes 10 women and eight men . The murder trial comes more than three years after Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were killed . William Balfour , the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister Julia , is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother and brother inside their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of Hudson 's 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found three days later inside an abandoned vehicle . Balfour , who was Julian 's stepfather , has also been charged with one count of home invasion . About 150 people were candidates to be among the jurors or alternates in the case . The process of whittling down the pool began Monday morning . The jury will be sequestered during the trial , Judge Charles Burns has said . Opening statements in the case were set for April 23 . The judge has said he expects the trial to last three to four weeks . Balfour was detained for questioning the day after the victims were found at the Chicago home . Authorities at the time said that they were holding Balfour for an unspecified parole violation , but he ended up being indicted for murder two months later . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges , and his lawyer has said in court there is no forensic evidence linking him to the killings . Prosecutors have portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered three people in rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . The deaths took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Hudson reflected on the life of her mother , Darnell Donerson . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . Hudson , who is on the witness list , is expected to attend the upcoming trial . Her career has continued to blossom and remain varied since her relatives ' deaths . Her recent milestones include penning a memoir detailing her struggles with her weight , being cast to play Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife Winnie in an upcoming movie , releasing a new album and singing a well-received tribute to Whitney Houston at the most recent Grammy Awards show in February . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Katherine Wojtecki in Chicago and Alan Duke in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : 18 jurors are selected in total , including six alternates William Balfour is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew Balfour , the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister , has denied the charges Opening statements are set for April 23 , and the trial may last four weeks , the judge says
CNN  -- Want a hot tip about how to make a financial killing this year ? Die . That 's right . It sounds like a distasteful joke , but courtesy of the United States Congress , it 's a gruesome reality . Because of a hiccup in the convoluted tax laws , Americans who have done exceptionally well for themselves during their lives will be able to preserve an enormously greater percentage of their money , and thus be able to pass it on to their heirs , if they die before midnight on December 31 . The federal estate tax , for this calendar year only , is zero percent ; at the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Eve it immediately goes to a potential 55 percent for people who have managed to build up a considerable nest egg for their families . The 55 percent rate will apply to everything after the first $ 1 million in assets , if the current law stands .  Congress still has the beat-the-clock option to step in and change the rules for next year , but so far has not . The details of the back-and-forth in Congress that has led to this are enough to give you a headache , and those mice-trapped-in-a-maze legislative machinations have been exhaustively reported on and analyzed . Suffice it to say that the smart people in the world of money and investments -- the ones who always seem to know when it 's time to move to municipal bonds , or to roll their cash over into some exotic derivative , or to switch to real estate -- are now saying that dying this year is a sound financial strategy . As the Wall Street Journal recently put it : "  It has come to this : Congress , quite by accident , is incentivizing death . " No one is kidding about the basic facts of this . The Bernie Madoff scheme may have been unspeakably cruel , and the tricks played by the big investment banks may have been infuriating , but at least no one was telling people that they 'd better die quickly if they 'd like to let their families hang on to their money . The Journal ran a photo gallery of six prominent men who beat the system by dying this year : former TV host Art Linkletter , actor Dennis Hopper , Taco Bell founder Glen Bell , novelist Louis Auchincloss , real estate developer Walter Shorenstein and author J.D. Salinger . The most-talked about beneficiary -- if you can call it that , which you probably should n't -- of this tax weirdness is George Steinbrenner , the late owner of the New York Yankees who died last month . Under the headline "  Why Now Is a Great Time to Die , " financial journalist Lauren Drell , who writes for AOL , calculated that by dying this year instead of next , Steinbrenner saved his relatives approximately $ 600 million . What do you call a system that allows such a thing to happen ? "  Grisly " is the word that tax expert Barbara Weltman used when she spoke to Drell : "  There 's talk about pulling the plug on people on life support ... -LSB- It is -RSB- just horrible to think that taxes should play any role in life-and-death decisions . " But the same people who knew how to play all the angles to build an enviable financial life for themselves are now coming face to face with the ultimate angle . As attorney and estate planner Jack Nuckolls told The Associated Press : "  If you 're super-wealthy , it 's a good year to die . It really is . " Last year , when the estate tax was 45 percent , people in ill health faced a different kind of challenge : If they could just hold on until the first few seconds of 2010 , then they could die knowing that their money had made it into the freakish one-year holiday from estate taxes . But as sadistic as that setup was -- imagine having to fight for a few more breaths because if you made it to New Year 's Day , you could do a better job of providing for your children -- at least it put a premium on living . What 's scheduled to happen in a little more than four months is the opposite . Those who die are the fiscal winners . There does n't seem much to be done about it , except engage in dark wit . Eugene Sukup , 81 , of Sheffield , Iowa , who founded a grain-bin manufacturing firm with $ 15,000 in 1963 and who has presided over it with such skill that today it provides jobs for 450 Iowans , told the Wall Street Journal that if he were to die this year he would not have to pay a penny in estate taxes . But if he were to live until the dawning moments of next year and then pass away , his bill could be $ 15 million . He seems to have a sense of humor about this insanity  unless he 's not kidding  . He said : "  You do n't know whether to commit suicide or just go on living and working . " That 's what is so Alice-through-the-looking-glass about all of this , and that is why , in its nonsensical way , the tax situation is a parable for the financial madness of our times . If you 've been fortunate in your life , and have accumulated a sizeable amount of money and property to leave to your children and grandchildren , and your health is starting to fail , you can hope for one more springtime with your family , and a seat in front of the television set to watch the 2011 Super Bowl , and a chance to gaze upon the fireworks and the community parade next Fourth of July . But if you do , will you feel like a sucker ? Will you feel like you 've wished for something foolish ? Will you weigh the joy of one more year against the empty feeling of having your pocket picked by the lunacy of this particular law ? "  Happy new year , " for some people , may soon enough sound like a taunt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Tax law eliminates estate tax this year , but restores it in 2011 Bob Greene says some very wealthy people could save heirs millions if they die this year Greene : Will those who make it past December 31st feel that their families got cheated ?
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka slumped to a tame defeat in the fading gloom of a rain-hit opening Monday at Roland Garros to Spanish outsider Guillermo Garcia-Lopez . Third seed Wawrinka , who won the Monte Carlo Masters at the start of the clay court season , showed little of that form as he surrendered 4-6 7-5 6-2 6-0 on Philippe Chatrier to the world number 41 . The Swiss number one looked to restoring equilibrium when he took a hard-fought second set , but was outplayed in the remaining two to suffer an embarrassing first round exit in the second grand slam of the season . He saved one match point a 0-5 down in the fourth but then completed a match of 61 unforced errors by hitting a backhand long . Garcia-Lopez raised his arms in triumph while Wawrinka trudged off after the final action on the show courts after a weather-hit second day . "  It was n't good at all , I kept trying to find my game , anything to get back in it but I just need to take a few days off now and figure out what happened , " Wawrinka told gathered reporters after his defeat . "  He 's a really good player but it was me , I could n't find solutions and it was just terrible and a really big disappointment . " Earlier the two favorites for the men 's title , eight-time champion Rafael Nadal and world number two Novak Djokovic eased their way through between the rain showers . Nadal dropped only three games in a ruthless demolition of Amerian Robby Ginepri , while Djokovic could afford to delight the Philippe Chatrier crowd with an impromptu chat with a ball boy . The 27-year-old Serbian was sitting under an umbrella during a break in play when he gestured to the young man to join him . They sat for several minutes talking and Djkovic even offered his new friend a drink before clinking bottles with him . The crowd lapped it up and burst into applause and after his 6-1 6-2 6-4 demolition of Portugal 's Joao Sousa , Djokovic revealed the subject of the conversation . "  We had a nice chat , " he told the official French Open website . "  He 's a tennis player , so I asked him how long he 's playing , and , you know , how he 's enjoying his time as a ball kid . "  It was a nice , fun time , something unusual for the grand slams . He accepted the offer to sit down , which I did n't think he would do , but he did . So he 's very spontaneous little boy , and I hope I see him my next match . " That will be against Frenchman Jeremy Chardy , with second seed Djokovic predicting a tougher test . Defending champion Nadal was even less troubled by Ginepri , who has not won a match on the ATP Tour all season and but for a spell in the second set did not muster much resistance . It was the top seed 's 60th win at the French Open and he later shrugged off suggestions he had been snubbed by not playing on the main showpiece court of Philippe Chatrier and instead placed on Suzanne Lenglen . A fellow professional had called the decision "  bizarre " but Nadal claimed not to be bothered by the scheduling . "  It does n't really matter a lot , " he said . "  Roland Garros is a pleasure for me , is a really honor , and is a special feeling . So all the memories at this place give me are unforgettable . "  And does n't matter if it 's Chatrier or Lenglen or another court , " added the Spaniard . Nadal has suffered shock defeats in the clay court season and came close to losing in the final of the Madrid Masters to Kei Nishikori until the Japanese player succumbed to a back problem . Great things were still expected of Nishikori at the clay court grand slam , but the ninth seed did not appear to have shrugged off his injury as he went out 7-6 6-1 6-2 to Slovak Martin Klizan in his opening match . "  It 's tough for me , but I guess this is my tennis life , you know . I have to take care of my body and injury will come again , for sure . So I have to mentally be ready , " he said . "  I have to do whatever I can do to get healthy . " In the women 's draw there was an easy first round win for seventh Maria Sharapova as she beat fellow Russian Ksenia Pervak 6-1 6-2 . Sharapova , who lost last year 's final to Serena Williams , needed only 27 minutes to wrap up the opening set and carried on her domination into the second . She will now face Bulgaria 's 2010 Wimbledon semi-finalist Tsvetana Pironkova for a place in the third round but Williams looms as a possible quarterfinal opponent for the 2012 champion . Watch : Sharapova 's love affair with Paris	Stanislas Wawrinka big name casualty on second day Wawrinka beaten by Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in four sets Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic win first round matches Maria Sharapova eases through in women 's draw
More federal prisoners serving sentences for non-violent crimes can apply for clemency after the Justice Department announced new rules Wednesday . Deputy Attorney General James Cole announced that the department would broaden the criteria for clemency , a move that is expected to lead to thousands of prisoners -- most serving drug sentences -- filing applications to President Barack Obama seeking to commute their sentences . The changes are part of a broader effort by the Obama administration to modify sentencing laws , allowing for use of rehabilitation and other alternatives to deal with non-violent drug offenders and those who previously faced tough mandatory minimum sentences . Attorney General Eric Holder previewed some of the changes Monday by announcing plans to assign more lawyers to handle an anticipated flood of clemency requests . Crack cocaine at heart of once-common sentencing disparity "  We are launching this clemency initiative in order to quickly and effectively identify appropriate candidates , candidates who have a clean prison record , do not present a threat to public safety , and were sentenced under out-of-date laws that have since been changed , and are no longer seen as appropriate , " Cole said at a news conference . The clemency changes would be open to prisoners who have met a set of specific conditions : they must be low-level , non-violent offenders without a significant criminal history and must be serving a federal sentence that would likely be shorter if they were convicted today . They must have served at least 10 years of their sentence and have demonstrated good conduct in prison , with no history of violence before or during their prison term . The pending changes are the latest step in an ongoing effort Holder calls "  Smart on Crime , " which also seeks to remedy the once-common wide disparity in sentences handed down over powder versus crack cocaine , based on guidelines first enacted by Congress more than 25 years ago . Earlier : Eric Holder seeks to cut mandatory minimum drug sentences Of the more than 200,000 inmates in the federal prison system , some estimates show the new clemency criteria could apply to about 2,000 prisoners . But the number is likely to fall to perhaps hundreds after government lawyers review the applications . The Justice Department says it does n't know how many people will end up qualifying because it depends on the applications and how they fit the new criteria . The President has final authority to decide who gets clemency . Obama has been criticized by some civil rights groups for being stingy with his pardons and commutations . But many praised the Justice Department 's decision as a good initial step , including a coalition of groups working on sentencing guidelines . The announcement "  marks the beginning of the end of the age of mass incarceration , " said Jerry Cox , president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . "  We must seize this historic opportunity to start the process of remedying decades of cruel and unnecessarily harsh sentencing policies . " Cole also announced the appointment of Deborah Leff to lead the department 's Office of the Pardon Attorney , which has come under fire for being slow to review a backlog of applications . Cole said the department was setting up an online application system and working with pro-bono attorneys who will assist prisoners in their applications . Mary Price , general counsel for the group Families Against Mandatory Minimums , which advocates for changes to drug sentencing laws , welcomed Cole 's announcement . "  The doors of the Office of the Pardon Attorney have been closed to petitioners for too long . This announcement signals a truly welcome change ; the culture of ` no ' that has dominated that office is being transformed , " she said . The push to relax sentencing laws has the support of some conservative Republican lawmakers , who believe it is a way to reduce spending on federal prisons and to use alternatives to incarceration to deal with drug problems . However , lawmakers want the changes to be made through Congress rather than through the president 's executive power . "  I hope President Obama is not seeking to change sentencing policy unilaterally . Congress , not the President , has authority to make sentencing policy . He should continue to work with Congress rather than once again going it alone , and I 'm willing to work with the President on these issues . " Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , said this week . Cole , in his remarks Wednesday , said the issue is one of fairness . "  Older , stringent punishments that are out of line with sentences imposed under today 's laws erode people 's confidence in our criminal justice system , and I am confident that this initiative will go far to promote the most fundamental of American ideals -- equal justice under law , " Cole said . Three years ago , Obama signed the Fair Sentencing Act to address the larger issue of drug sentencing disparities . Sentencing guidelines provided for a 100-to-1 ratio between the penalties for crack cocaine offenses versus those for powdered cocaine , but the fair sentencing law reduced the disparity to 18-to-1 .	Rules change is beginning of end of "  mass incarceration , " advocate says The Justice Department announced new rules for non-violent offenders Up to 2,000 federal prisoners could be eligible for reduced sentences The U.S. criminal justice system must be perceived as being fair , Cole says
CNN  -- Amanda Sedgmer , mother of five and daughter of coal country , believes that in this presidential election , her way of life is at stake . "  If you ask anybody in the coal industry what would happen if Obama is re-elected , they 'd say the coal industry is done , " said Sedgmer , whose husband , Ryan , is a coal miner and whose family has depended on the industry for at least four generations . Sedgmer lives in Hopedale , Ohio , which sits on top of one of the state 's richest coal deposits . For nearly a century here , mining has been one of the few professions guaranteeing a good and consistent salary . Read Sedgmer 's original story on CNN iReport But in the past two years , an increasing number of coal-powered electricity plants across the country have announced closures . Estimates vary , but banking and industry analysis firm Credit Suisse put expected and known closures for 2009-2012 at 111 plants , that 's one-fifth of the nation 's nearly 500 coal plants . There are two main factors in the demise of those plants . First , the price of coal 's competitor , natural gas , is decreasing . At the same time , a new rule from the Environmental Protection Agency is pushing the price of coal up . That change , called the Maximum Achievable Control Technology , or MACT , rule requires that coal - and oil-fired power plants reduce pollutant emission rates significantly . The rule , which operates under the Clean Air Act , does not stipulate a lower level of carbon output . But by requiring lower mercury and other toxic emissions , it would reduce carbon as well . Coal mining families are n't the only ones facing shifts in industry The EPA estimates this will result in some 1 % of national electricity capacity shutting down , and a cost increase of about 3.7 % in retail electricity . But those in coal country give much higher estimates . They believe if President Obama stays in office and the rule continues , it will mean the end of their industry . "  If coal fell , which is one of the main sources of employment around this area , everything would suffer , " Sedgmer said while sitting on her front porch . "  There 'd be no funding for the schools , which are already suffering . I ca n't see how destroying one industry benefits anything . " The job is a source of income for the family and pride for Ryan . "  I like it , " the 30-year-old said . "  I enjoy doing it . ... It 's provided for our family . We have a big family and we have n't had to worry about too much . " Watch behind-the-scenes interview with Sedgmer The Sedgmers have invested a lot in their home in Hopedale , which is next to the towns where Ryan and Amanda grew up . When another mining job moved the family away , the Sedgmers rented out the 100-year-old home , keeping a foothold in their community . Thanks to a new mining job , two weeks ago the Sedgmers moved back to the area . They put up a "  Home Sweet Home " sign in the kitchen . They want to stay . "  If all coal mines shut down , " Amanda Sedgmer paused , "  we would struggle ... we would definitely lose our house . " Sedgmer voted for President Obama in 2008 and she is not a particular fan of Mitt Romney , but she 's voting for the Republican because she believes he is the only chance the coal industry and her community have to survive . Romney hopes all this concern helps him in the Buckeye swing state and in other coal communities . He has told crowds at campaign speeches that President Obama "  sure does n't like coal . " The president has vigorously disagreed , saying he is for "  clean coal . " Environmentalists believe the EPA rule and the increasing closures of coal plants are breakthroughs that are overdue and will do dramatic good . Les Brown , the president of the Earth Policy Institute , points to studies that coal emissions , including mercury and other pollutants , cause more than 10,000 deaths a year . "  It 's a war for survival , " Brown said , sitting in a Washington office filled with piles of reports and papers about the environment . "  Saving lives , not just a handful of lives , but thousands of lives . But more broadly , saving the planet . " Would he like to see all coal plants closed ? "  Yes , " Brown responded , "  It would be cleaner , it would be safer and it would help stabilize the climate , which is the big threat to our future . I mean it 's even difficult to put a price tag on that . " Brown sees the problems with coal and climate change as a very human issue that could lead to droughts in some places , including the American Midwest , and floods in other places , like the American coasts . In either case , Brown fears loss of crops , homes and lives . But the same issue is personal to Amanda Sedgmer . Every day as Ryan prepares to go underground , he checks a bulletin board listing the latest coal closures . The Sedgmers ' five children are still young , aged 16 months to 10 years . Those old enough to speak already talk about coal . When asked what he wants to do when he grows up , 4-year-old Ben Sedgmer blurts out , "  Coal miner ! " But his parents do n't know if there will be many , or any , coal mining jobs waiting for him in Hopedale when he 's old enough . For both sides , the war over coal is personal . And it is happening this election year . See all of the Embed America coverage here . And track the Embed team 's progress on our map . Poll : Majority oppose controversial coal mining practice Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America - Educator and Parent Guide Alaska offshore drilling : From ` hell no ' to ` OK ' CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this story .	Hopedale , Ohio , has a population of 950 and many residents work in coal industry Coal plant closures in the U.S. are on the rise ; between 10-20 % closed in past three years The EPA 's recent "  MACT Rule " requires significantly lower emissions from coal plants Mitt Romney says President Obama is anti-coal . Obama says he 's for "  clean coal "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 30 people were killed in Karachi on Monday night and Tuesday , the latest deaths in cycle of ethnic and political violence in Pakistan 's commercial capital . On Sunday , 60 motorcycles and five vehicles were burned in the city , said Murtaza Ali , a Karachi police official . The violence has killed more than 1,000 people this year , according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan . Nearly 200 people were slain in July alone . The rampant violence appears to have little to do with the Taliban and other Islamist extremist groups that are viewed by western leaders as Pakistan 's most pressing security problem . Rather , police and government officials say the violence is fueled by bitter ethnic rivalries and political parties vying for power in this mega-melting pot , home to roughly 15 million people from at least a half-a-dozen ethnic groups . Three political parties are usually at the center of the fight for power in Karachi : the Muttahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  , the Awami National Party  ANP  , and Pakistan 's People Party  PPP  . The PPP , led by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , considers Karachi its political base , but politics here is dominated by the MQM , which represents "  muhajirs , " the descendants of immigrants from India decades ago . In recent years , the MQM 's power has been challenged by the ANP , a secular party that represents ethnic Pashtuns . Hundreds of thousands of ANP supporters have migrated south to Karachi because of the militant violence in their home region of northwest Pakistan . Analysts say a general lack of law and order has allowed supporters of these parties to adopt a gang mentality . Like gangs , the factions often control different regions of Karachi that are usually off-limits to rivals .	60 motorcycles were burned Sunday , police say Police blame the rampant violence in Karachi on ethnic and political rivalries More than 1,000 people have been killed this year Three political parties are in a bitter power feud
On Thursday night , "  Glee " bid farewell to a beloved actor and character . The series ran its tribute episode titled "  The Quarterback " in honor of actor Cory Monteith , who played Finn Hudson on the hit Fox show . Monteith was found dead in his Vancouver hotel room in July . His death was ruled accidental due to "  mixed drug toxicity , involving intravenous heroin use combined with the ingestion of alcohol " according to the British Columbia Coroners Service . The memorial episode had been eagerly awaited by fans desiring to see how the storyline would be crafted to deal with the loss of one of the show 's central characters . Thursday night 's show picked up three weeks after the funeral of Finn with no information as to how the character died . Viewers watched as the entire McKinley High School grappled with his loss -- including the character of Finn 's love , Rachel Berry , played by Monteith 's real-life girlfriend , Lea Michele . "  He was my person , " Michele 's character , Rachel , cried during the show . "  I feel like , for me personally , I 've lost two people : Cory and Finn , " Michele recently told TV Week Australia . "  Everyone is asking , ` Is it hard to do this ? Is it hard to be back at work ? ' But the truth is , it 's no harder at work than it is in life -- so we might as well all be together as a family supporting each other to get through this together . " The musical show built around a high school glee club included songs like The Pretenders ' "  I 'll Stand by You , " "  Seasons of Love " from "  Rent " and "  If I Die Young " by The Band Perry . But a pivotal moment came when Michele 's character sang Adele 's "  Make You Feel My Love " with tears streaming down her face . There were plenty of tears from most of the characters as Finn 's football jacket appeared to become a symbol for Monteith 's presence on the show . Worn by Finn 's stepbrother Kurt Hummel  played by Chris Colfer  , the posession of it is argued for by Noah Puckerman  played by Mark Salling  and draped over the shoulders of Santana Lopez  played by Naya Rivera  before contributing to one of the most emotional moments of the show . The sadness of the characters and cast extended to the fans . Fox set up a memorial page , #RememberingCory , to curate tweets , vines and Instagrams for viewers to share memories and their feelings watching the very emotional episode . "  I have so many emotions inside of me right now , " wrote Twitter user Keeli Faith . "  Lea singing Make You Feel My Love makes me have too much emotion #RememberingCory , " tweeted fan Emily Fitzpatrick . There were also some lighthearted moments , of course , given that the show is a comedy . At one point the character of Tina Chang  played by Jenna Ushkowitz  consults guidance counselor Emma  played by Jayma Mays  about the constant state of mourning . "  This look is so Tina two years ago , " Tina says . "  I spent so much time transitioning away from Goth , and look at me . It 's like I 'm back in that look . " Emma comforts her with a hug and pamphlets titled "  It 's Not All About You , " "  When to Stop Talking , " and "  Wait , Am I Callous ? " Monteith was not only a favorite with fans , but also with his cast mates . At the Emmys in September , actress Jane Lynch , who plays Coach Sue Sylvester on the show , paid tribute to Monteith during a special segment on the awards show . "  Cory was a beautiful soul , " Lynch said . "  He was not perfect , which many of us here tonight can relate to . His death is a tragic reminder of the rapacious , senseless destruction that 's brought on by addiction . "	"  Glee " says goodbye to Cory Monteith and his character on Thursday There was no mention of how his character died Monteith 's real-life girlfriend played his love on the show
CNN  -- It may be more important to tell you what is not motivating my trip to see Dennis Rodman . I am not looking to spar about his "  friend , " the much-maligned ruler of North Korea , or to debate the merits of basketball diplomacy in that country when I sit down to talk with him live Friday morning . Dennis can speak to an issue that is a bigger threat to our country than Kim Jong Un : addiction . Rodman may be in the fight of and for his life , and it is a battle all too familiar these days . I want to talk to him about that , his recent bottom , what has kept him from sobriety . And hopefully he is willing to talk about the challenges and the benefits of rehab , as readily as he discusses the virtues of his despot "  friend . " Maybe that friendship has metaphoric value for Rodman : keeping cozy with his own demons , abusing drugs to hide from himself -- just as he hid from the reality of that country and its ruler ? Too far ? Probably , but he is face-to-face with a battle that too many are fighting and losing . I want to see how much fight the hardwood warrior has in him to get sober and treat his illness . I hope he is as fired up about his future as he was in our last interview about defending his friend . Rodman defiant in odd N. Korea defense Rodman to Cuomo : I do n't give a s *** The last time we talked it was earlier this month while he was in Pyongyang for a basketball game on Kim 's birthday . I did n't intend to get into a joust with the former NBA star , but believe it or not , Rodman is the U.S. citizen with the most direct line to a dictator with nuclear weapons , and I needed to ask him some questions about the political nature of his trip . So I asked him about the plight of prisoner Kenneth Bae , and his antics made headlines . He said later he was drunk during the interview and when he got back to the United States , he checked into a rehab center . This time we 're going to talk in person . I want to know , I want to see for myself , how he 's doing in the biggest battle of his life . What do you think I should ask him ? Reach out to me on Facebook or Twitter . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Chris Cuomo will talk with Dennis Rodman during CNN 's New Day on Friday Rodman entered rehab after returning from a controversial trip to North Korea During that trip , Rodman launched into an outburst while being interviewed by Cuomo Rodman later apologized and said he had been drinking
Hong Kong  CNN  -- They 're known as trademark "  squatters " and they 've long caused headaches for foreign companies entering the Chinese market . Savvy to China 's complex trademark laws , these individuals target valuable foreign brands and register them as trademarks in China . When international companies want to launch their products on the Chinese market , they 're often left with little choice but to cough up huge sums to buy back the trademark , rebrand their product or fight for the right to use the brand through lengthy legal battles . One of Australia 's most popular wine brands , Penfolds , is currently at the center of a legal dispute over the use of its own name in China . Treasury Wine Estates , the owner of the wine , said this week that someone in China has claimed ownership of the Chinese name for Penfolds -- Ben Fu -- a transliteration that means "  chasing prosperity . " The company is engaged in legal action with the individual to "  ensure the integrity of the brand is protected , " a spokesperson for Treasury told CNN in an emailed statement . Notorious squatter That individual , according to the Australian Financial Review , which first broke the story , is a "  notorious trademark squatter " named Li Daozhi . A Spanish-Chinese wine distributor , Li won a similar case against a French winemaker last year . Treasury is confident it is the lawful owner of the trademark , the company 's spokesperson said , and the Australian winemaker did initially win a court case allowing it to use the Chinese name for its wine in China . But Li is now appealing the decision , according to the AFR . "  It will take some time for the Chinese legal system to process this matter , " Treasury said . Treasury 's case and the many others that have made headlines in recent years should be a warning to foreign companies of the risks they can be exposed to if they fail to familiarize themselves with trademark laws in one of the world 's largest consumer markets , legal experts say . ` First to file ' wins Many foreign businesses have come unstuck because China 's trademark laws follow a "  first to file " principle . That means whoever has a trademark registration approved first in China , owns the rights to that trademark . This differs from countries like the United States and many Commonwealth countries that follow a common law system , where a person registering a trademark also has to show they 've used , or plan to use the mark in business . But companies do have opportunities to challenge trademarks already registered in China . One option is to prove the individual deliberately claimed ownership of the brand with the intention of blackmailing a foreign brand entering the market . Another is to show that the brand was already well-known when the trademark was registered . In practice , convincing a court on these points has proved difficult for many companies , but legal experts believe recent amendments to China 's trademark laws , among other factors , could improve trademark protection for foreign brands . Here are some of the most recent , prominent cases . Tesla Earlier this month , Chinese businessman Zhan Baosheng reportedly sued U.S. electric car manufacturer Tesla for illegally using its own name , and demanded that the company stop all car sales and marketing activities in China . Zhan , who has a history of filing trademarks for names used by foreign brands , is seeking 23.9 million yuan  US$ 3.84 million  from Tesla . He says he filed for the right to use the English name Telsa in 2006 , and planned to manufacture an electric car named after the inventor Nikola Tesla . He later applied to register related trademarks , including a Chinese transliteration of the name and the U.S. auto manufacturer 's logo . Tesla , which launched its Model S luxury electric car in China last year , says its claim to the name has already been upheld by other Chinese authorities and the lawsuit is without merit . A Beijing court is due to hold an appeal hearing on August 5 . Pfizer Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer fought an 11-year trademark , patent and 3-D trademark battle over the Viagra brand after it failed to register the Chinese name for the erectile dysfunction drug before it introduced the product on the Chinese market in 2000 . It won the patent and 3-D trademark litigation but lost the trademark case because it could n't provide sufficient evidence to show it had become well-known among Chinese consumers under the name Weige  meaning "  mighty brother "  . For similar reasons , luxury retailer H  rmes and whisky brand Chivas Regal have lost bids to stop clothing manufacturers from selling products under their names . Singers and sports stars Celebrities are n't immune either . A man in Guangzhou owns the right to use the name of Canadian pop singer Justin Bieber , while the names of World Cup stars like Germany 's Philipp Lahm and Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo are used to promote products ranging from shoes to pesticide , according to China Daily . Two years ago , U.S. basketball legend Michael Jordan filed a lawsuit against a sportswear company called Qiaodan Sports  a transliteration of Jordan 's name  . The multi-million dollar company even registered trademarks for the names of his two sons , Jeffrey and Markus  Jiefuli Qiaodan and Makusi Qiaodan  . And it 's not only foreign stars who have been affected . In 2006 , Chinese NBA star Yao Ming managed to block the trademarking of his name on a line of women 's sanitary products . Castel Fr  res In the largest trademark litigation case in China 's wine industry to date , French winemaker , Castel Fr  res had to completely rebrand its wines in China after losing a four-year legal battle to Li Daozhi , the defendant in the Penfolds case . Li 's company reportedly registered "  Kasite " to import Spanish wines , and later French wines , into China about 15 years ago . Around the same time , Castel began bottling wine in China and became known to Chinese consumers by the same Chinese name .  In a market where many consumers do n't read Latin letters , Chinese characters hold much more sway when it comes to brand recognition . Li reportedly offered to sell the trademark to Castel for 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  . Castel refused the offer and chose to sue Li in 2005 , arguing that his company had not used the Kasite name in three years . Li subsequently sued Castel for trademark infringement and was awarded 33.73 million yuan  US$ 5 million  by a Zhejiang court last year . But China 's supreme court overturned the verdict and has ordered a retrial , which is still pending . In the meantime , Castel has registered a new Chinese trademark , "  Kasidaile . " Will things improve ? New amendments to China 's trademark laws that came into effect in May this year could make things easier for foreign companies . "  The extent of which we 're not sure , " said Deanna Wong , a partner at law firm Hogan Lovells , because there have n't been any major decisions handed down subsequent to the changes . Stan Abrams , Asia legal counsel at Bentley Systems in Beijing , said the laws will make things easier , but the number one reason these kind of disputes are likely to decrease is that companies are better informed about navigating the Chinese market these days . "  A lot of  these disputes  originated years and years ago . It 's been a multi-year process of litigation , " Abrams said . "  In some cases , when you 're talking about companies from common law countries , they came over here and were really unfamiliar with the legal system . They did n't realize it was a file-first system . " "  A lot of them did n't do their homework and were making crazy mistakes when using their foreign names in the local market . " Overseas companies better understand what evidence they need to make a good case these days , added Wong . What can foreign companies do ? For many companies it 's probably already too late to assert their rights over their brands , according to Abrams . "  For a lot of them , unfortunately the answer is invest in time travel technology because if you have a problem the chances are the roots of it are years old . " Those companies should take steps to find out immediately where they stand right now , he added . It 's easy to do a free , informal search of China 's online trademark database . If the trademark has already been registered by someone else , companies will have to go through "  painful " legal proceedings that could take several years . If the company loses , it faces the choice of shelling out a lot of money to buy the trademark or rebranding . Companies should make sure they have the right advice on the ground , that takes into consideration their long-term business strategy , such as any new markets the brand may enter in the future , said Wong . Even for companies that do n't have global or local help there 's a wealth of information that they can access on the internet these days , in ways that most businesses 15 or even 10 years ago could n't , said Abrams . While the cost of registering a trademark is miniscule compared to the amount a company could end up paying in legal fees , Abrams points out that not all companies , especially start-ups , have the financial flexibility to ensure all their brands have comprehensive trademark coverage . For those companies , he suggested getting minimal coverage for core brands and expanding from there . "  You just have to be smart about it , " he said .	Many register trademarks of well-known foreign brands in China to sell them for large sums Top Australian winemaker at center of legal dispute after failing to register Chinese name for its brand China 's trademark laws tend to favor so-called "  trademark squatters " over foreign companies New amendments to laws and greater understanding of China 's system likely to make things easier for companies
After a careful review of all relevant research worldwide , the U.S. government 's leading analyst of weight data just confirmed what I 've long known : Being fat might not be a death sentence . That this study reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association seems at all shocking is a measure of the intensity and pervasiveness of weight prejudice in our society and in our sciences . Another recent study found people who were "  metabolically healthy " and overweight or obese had no higher death risk than metabolically healthy "  normal " weight people . I take an interest in the topic because I 'm fat and because I do n't have a death wish . I 'm also interested because , like so many fat people , I 've encountered weight discrimination when I seek routine medical care . I was 26 years old when I was denied the right to purchase health insurance . I had no significant history of illness or injury . I was just fat . That day , I became a fat rights activist . Being overweight linked to lower risk of mortality In the intervening years , I 've heard from so many people who fear for their lives when they encounter weight discrimination in our health care system . As a fat activist , I help as much as I can , but I 'm no federal agency . One woman called in the middle of the night , hoping I knew of an MRI she could use for an important test . The machine at her local hospital , which she 'd used before , was being guarded by a technician who strictly enforced the weight limits . The tray that slides in and out of the machine could break . Instead , she was denied potentially life-saving information in a crisis . How many of the deaths blamed on weight are actually caused by medical equipment -- everything from blood pressure cuffs to surgical instruments -- that fails to accommodate fat people when we need it most ? I 'll never forget the teenage girl who was told by a nurse practitioner that her complaint would go away once she lost weight . Luckily , she had the nerve and the parental backup to get another appointment and the prescription necessary to treat her condition . How many of the deaths blamed on fat actually happen when people are diagnosed as fat instead of being diagnosed and treated for an illness ? Then there are the fat people who did everything their doctors recommended to lose weight ... and died from dangerous diet drugs , from starvation diets , from mutilating weight-loss surgeries . I also hear from many people who live with the devastating physical and psychological consequences of such weight-loss attempts . Some of these stories are referred to as anecdata , meaning they do n't count unless they 're counted in research -- although there are plenty of studies to support these outcomes . Even so , I believe it still makes a difference when we tell our stories of weight discrimination and its damaging impact on our health . Living : ` Fatshion ' bloggers find beauty in all sizes People are telling their stories of weight bias in medical care on websites like First , Do No Harm , This Is Thin Privilege and Obesity Surgery Gone Wrong . The National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance has been speaking out on behalf of fat people 's civil rights since its founding in 1969 . Health professionals of good conscience are joining this effort in increasing numbers . They 've developed an approach called Health At Every Size that is proving to be better for people 's health than weight-loss attempts . The Health At Every Size professional organization , Association of Size Diversity and Health , this week launched the project Resolved , a response to New Year 's weight-loss resolutions . It invites people to share stories about weight discrimination in health care and opinions about what needs to change . Weight bias has been documented among doctors , nurses , fitness instructors and other professionals on whom a fat person might need to rely for help . Last year , researchers who themselves are part of an anti- "  obesity " institution  Yale 's Rudd Institute  surveyed medical professionals who specialize in caring for fat people and found that they had high levels of weight bias , viewing us as "  lazy , stupid , and worthless . " These biases do n't improve medical care . Two pioneers of the Health At Every Size approach , psychologist Deb Burgard and health promotion expert Lily O'Hara , analyze existing data to point out that using BMI as a proxy for metabolic health mislabels 51 % of healthy people as unhealthy . Meanwhile , 23.5 % of the thin people with risky indicators will not be screened or treated early because they "  look " healthy . In the medical literature , every time fat people prove to be healthier or to live longer than thin people , researchers call that result an "  obesity paradox . " I 'd call their refusal to view fat people positively a form of prejudice . Here 's a finding from the recent research that did n't make the headlines : For people over 65 , being fat was n't associated with increased risk , not even for the fattest old people . When do most people die , in our increasingly long-lived society ? Over age 65 , perhaps ? Living : Are we really ready to take a look at ` real women ' ? I also learned this week that a highly accurate way to predict a person 's risk of dying is to see how easily they can get up from the floor . I 'm trying to imagine how different our health care system would be if , instead of focusing on weight and weight loss , caregivers did the sitting-rising test instead . How much healthier would we be ? How much more would we actually enjoy healthy living , free from weight judgment ? How much time and money would we save ? How much discrimination and human tragedy could we avoid ? I 'm guessing it 'd be tons .	Marilyn Wann : Study confirms fat is not a death sentence , and overweight people live longer Wann denied health coverage because of her size ; she became an activist afterward Wann : Fat people continually get misdiagnosed , receive poor health care because of bias Wann : Doctors finding new Health At Every Size approach provides better care
CNN  -- Scoobers , hammers and laying out - it 's the "  ultimate " flying saucer attack . And if Mark Poole is right , his sport could soon be coming to an Olympics near you . Poole is one of an estimated five million people who are taking to green spaces across the United States to play a game that is particularly booming at college level . But forget outdated notions of dogs scurrying after flying discs in the park , ultimate is a frenetic pursuit that blends aspects of football and rugby into a dynamic "  frisbee " package . And Poole firmly believes a movement that began with the idle toss of a cake pan lid on a Santa Monica beach some 76 years ago is destined for a slot at the greatest sporting show on earth . "  I think that ultimate will become an Olympic sport , " Poole , who plays for Atlanta-based team Chain Lightning , told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The sport has got better on the whole . There are more players that are picking it up in high school and in middle school , and the level of talent is continuing to get younger . "  So we have young kids who are coming out and being stars at the highest level because they 're starting so early . "  There 's a bunch of amateurs already doing it , and I think it 's an international sport , so we can easily play against other teams and we 're already doing it -- it 's just being part of the Olympics . " According to the USA Ultimate website , membership of college clubs has doubled in the past 10 years , while participation internationally is also growing . More than 42 countries play the game , with teams from Japan , Sweden , Great Britain and Australia also thriving . But how do you play it ? Ultimate is contested between two teams , each consisting of seven players . The aim is to pass your way into the opposition 's end zone , just like in American Football , but once in possession players are n't allowed to run with the disc . The concept was born in California back in the late 1930s when a teenage Fred Morrison and his girlfriend started throwing a popcorn lid back and forth on the beach . Through various incarnations this led to Morrison manufacturing his own plastic discs , which were then bought in the 1950s and patented as "  Frisbees " by the Wham-O company . Millions were sold worldwide and by the 1970s the origins of Ultimate had been born . Poole and his Chain Lightning gang are chief exponents of the sport , winning the USA national championships in 2009 . The 29-year-old was also selected in the U.S. ultimate beach team back in 2011 , his proudest achievement in the game to date . Players are constantly harrying round the field of play creating space , executing a variety of throws -- including the "  hammer " and the "  scoober " -- and flinging themselves around attempting to catch the disc . Poole says any budding players must be equipped with the three pillars of ultimate : to run hard , jump high and throw far . But while the game moves at a fast pace , respect is a key component , because ultimate is ultimately self-policed . "  Competition is great , but you want to have good spirit , " Poole explained . "  I am a proponent of it . I think it 's great . "  We do n't have any referees in the game , and so people have to make calls against each other and they have to be respectful . We do have observers , though , and they 've been very helpful I think . "  They help speed up the game , they keep the clock between points , they keep discussions between two players to a minimum . They let you discuss what you saw , what the other player saw , but then they 'll try to come to an agreement or a decision quicker than if they were n't there . "  I think there are still bad calls made -- sometimes observers miss calls just like referees , and they 're human . I mean , we 're all human , we 're going to make the wrong call sometimes , but I think on the whole they have a very positive effect on the game . " If the sport can be classified as quirky , so can some of the names of the teams who compete in the Triple Crown tour alongside Poole 's Lightning . Furious George , Neon Yellow Panda Dragons  NYPD  , Seattle Sockeye and Revolver are just some of the clubs involved . Poole has friends from various teams and says that even though they are spread far and wide , the overriding theme of the league is community . "  I love ultimate because of the players , the people that are involved with it -- they 're just very inviting , very welcoming , " he said . "  I think that 's the best part of ultimate . "  It 's a situation where you can play competitively and then go out for a drink , go out for food afterwards , even though you 're playing against those players you can still be friends off the field . " It might only be a small disc weighing just 175 grams but there are many ways to manipulate it around the playing field . As Poole explains , the two most common throws are backhand and forehand , just like in tennis , and the best players complete pinpoint passes with a simple flick of the wrist . The more complicated maneuvers include the hammer , an overhead throw that travels far faster than either the forehand or backhand , used to quickly switch play from one side of the field to the other . Then there 's the scoober , a short flick used to loop the disc over a defender , typically no more than 15 or 20 yards . But despite the variations of throw , Poole 's favorite aspect of the game is attempting to catch . "  My favorite thing to do is lay out , " he said . "  I dive for the disc , leave my feet and catch the disc as it 's going to the ground . "  It means that I ca n't run it out , I need to extend as far as possible to catch the disc . The disc is the most important thing in ultimate . "  You have to maintain possession , so laying out if you have to do it , you 've got to do it . " Ultimate now has two pro leagues in the United States and interest is growing , but for now the Chain and their players are doing it purely for the love of the game . As Poole says with a smile : "  I make zero dollars playing ultimate , but I spend way more than that . "	` Ultimate ' is a largely recreational sport that is growing in popularity Mark Poole is one of the leading proponents of the amateur side of the game American believes that ultimate should become an Olympic sport in future It involves two teams trying to pass a flying disc towards an end zone
CNN  -- Double amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius has moved a step closer to realizing his dream of participating in the Olympics after running the ` B ' standard qualifying time for next year 's Games in London . The 24-year-old , who was born without fibulae in both legs , clocked 45.61 seconds to win the 400m race at the Provincial Championships in his home town of Pretoria in South Africa on Wednesday . Dubbed the ` Blade Runner ' because of his carbon fiber prosthetic limbs , Pistorius must now run 0.6 seconds faster to be granted automatic qualification . But his time could still be good enough to earn him a place in the South African team depending on the performance of other athletes . After narrowly missing out on the time required for the Beijing Olympics , the Johannesburg-born athlete expressed his delight at the achievement on his Twitter page . "  One of the best nights of my life . Ran a 45.61 sec 400m Olympic qualifying time and fastest time in South Africa , " Pistorius , whose legs were amputated when he was just 11 months old , wrote . "  Thanks to everyone who has supported and believed in me in my Quest to 2012 London Olympics . One step closer . I 'm hungry for it . " After finishing sixth at his National Championships in 2007 , Pistorius was blocked from competing alongside his able-bodied counterparts as his blades were considered to give him an unfair advantage . But in 2008 the Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled in favor of the four-time Paralympic champion after a lengthy legal battle with the IAAF . Should he make it to London 2012 , Pistorius would become the first amputee sprinter to compete in an Olympics . He first competed in the Paralympic Games in Athens in 2004 , where he won gold in the 200m and bronze in the 100m , after having only taken up the sport eight months previously . His compatriot Natalie du Toit , a single amputee swimmer , and Natalia Partyka , a Polish table tennis player who was born with one arm ending just below her elbow , competed at both the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Beijing . His new personal best time , 0.41 seconds better than his previous fastest , could also allow him to compete in the World Athletics Championships , which take place in Daegu , South Korea later this year .	Oscar Pistorius runs ` B ' standard qualifying time for the London 2012 Olympics South African athlete is a double amputee and has carbon fiber prosthetic legs 24-year-old sets new personal best time of 45.61 seconds at race in Pretoria Could become first amputee sprinter to compete in both Paralympic and Olympic Games
CNN  -- Leon Panetta visited a former U.S. Navy base in Cam Rahn Bay , Vietnam , on Sunday , marking the first trip to the base by an American defense secretary since the war ended . The Cam Ranh Bay naval base was an important deep water port and logistics hub for the U.S. , and is considered a "  jewel " of deep-water ports . Standing on the USNS Richard E. Byrd , a ship anchored at the base , Panetta thanked assembled civilian and military personnel for "  your service , your sacrifice . " "  The Vietnam generation is my generation , " Panetta said , noting there was "  a tremendous amount of blood spilled on both sides " during the war . He called on those present to "  heal the wounds of the past , " saying it makes the sacrifices of those who died worthwhile and will help build a better future . Panetta , who headed to Hanoi after the base stop , is on a tour of Asia that includes Singapore and India . His trip aims to boost military ties in the region . "  We still face a lot of threats ... still face a lot of challenges in today 's world , and a lot of it is in this part of the world , " Panetta said . In Singapore , he said , he outlined a new defense strategy . As part of a "  rebalancing " with Asia , the United States will enhance its military cooperation with China and boost its allies ' capabilities in the region , Panetta said Saturday . The defense secretary detailed the new strategy to a gathering of Asia 's military leaders , saying the majority of U.S. warships would move to the region . "  By 2020 , the Navy will reposture its forces from today 's roughly 50-50 split from the Pacific and Atlantic to a 60-40 split in those oceans , " Panetta said . "  We will also invest -- invest in cyber , invest in space , invest in unmanned systems , invest in special forces operations , " he said . "  We will invest in the newest technologies . And we will invest in new technology to mobilize quickly , if necessary , " Panetta said . Along with enhanced military cooperation , Panetta emphasized diplomacy that includes "  open and free commerce , and open access by all to their shared domains of sea and air " -- a current point of friction in the South China Sea between China and regional nations . The increased regional involvement by the United States has raised concerns about tensions with China . "  I reject that view entirely , " Panetta said , calling the U.S. shift "  fully compatible with the development and growth of China . Indeed , increased U.S. involvement in this region will benefit China . " Panetta said the United States will work to improve communication with China to build trust between the two nations .	The Cam Ranh Bay military base was an important logistics hub for the U.S. His visit marks the first trip there by an American defense secretary since the war ended Panetta is on an Asia trip aimed at explaining the U.S. strategy
HUNTINGDON VALLEY , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The president of The Valley Swim Club on Friday strongly denied charges of racism after his club canceled the swimming privileges of a nearby day care center whose children are predominantly African-American . John Duesler said he underestimated the number of swimmers who would come to swim at the club . "  It was never our intention to offend anyone , " said John Duesler . "  This thing has been blown out of proportion . " Duesler said his club -- which he called "  very diverse " -- invited camps in the Philadelphia area to use his facility because of the number of pools in the region closed due to budget cuts this summer . He said he underestimated the amount of children who would participate , and the club 's capacity to take on the groups was not up to the task . "  It was a safety issue , " he said . The Creative Steps Day Care children -- who are in kindergarten through seventh grade -- went to The Valley Swim Club in Huntingdon Valley on June 29 after the center 's director , Alethea Wright , had contracted to use the club once a week . During their first visit , some children said they heard club members asking why African-American children were there . One youngster told a Philadelphia television station a woman there said she feared the children "  might do something " to her child . Watch Wright react to comments allegedly aimed at the children " Days later , the day care center 's $ 1,950 check was returned without explanation , Wright said . She was dismissive of Duesler 's comments Friday . "  He knows what happened at the pool that day , " Wright told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I was embarrassed and humiliated . " She called it an "  unfortunate situation , " adding , "  I know what happened ; the members know what happened and a higher power knows what happened . " Watch the club president say racism is not at play " After news reports of the incident , the office of Sen. Arlen Specter  D-Pennsylvania  said Specter sent a letter to the club president asking him to reinstate the contract with Creative Steps , saying , "  I think that you would agree that there is no place for racism in America today . " Duesler said he appreciates the senator 's concern , but the club 's board has yet to make a decision of how it will proceed . "  If we 're going to revise our policies here , we need to make it so for all the camps , " he said . "  I just do n't think we 're prepared for that . " Duesler earlier in the week told two Philadelphia television stations the children had changed "  the complexion " and "  atmosphere " of the club , a comment that protesters outside the facility Thursday said showed that racism was involved . Bernice Duesler , John Duesler 's wife , called the negative response her husband has faced since the incident "  unbearable . " "  He 's not one of the good guys -- he 's one of the great guys , " she said , holding back tears . "  He does n't deserve this . " She added , "  If there really was a racial issue that happened , my husband and I would be the first one -LSB- s -RSB- picketing . " Jim Flynn , who said he was one of the club members who made a complaint against the children , told CNN this week it was not racially motivated . "  There were a lot of children in the pool and not enough lifeguards , " he said . "  As general members we were not told that they were coming . If we knew , we could decide to not come when the pool was crowded or come anyway . We could have had an option . " He also said invitations to two other day care centers , neither of which contained minority children , had previously been withdrawn . Girard College , a private Philadelphia boarding school , told CNN on Thursday it would offer Creative Steps Day Care use of its facilities this summer .	Swim club president John Duesler : "  It was never our intention to offend anyone " "  He knows what happened at the pool that day , " day care director counters Duesler : Club is "  very diverse , " and had reached out because area pools had closed Duesler says club 's board has yet to decide whether to reinstate center 's contract
Port Stanley , Falkland Islands  CNN  -- Amid escalating tensions over the Falkland Islands , Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner accused Great Britain of militarizing the South Atlantic and said Tuesday her country would file a protest at the United Nations . "  I have instructed our chancellor to formally present before the U.N. Security Council and the U.N. General Assembly this militarization of the South Atlantic , which implies a great risk for international safety , " she said during a speech in Buenos Aires . "  We 're going to file a protest , " Fernandez added . Speculation in recent days had been that she would cut the Falklands air link to the South American mainland by banning the airline LAN Chile from using Argentinian airspace to fly to the islands from Chile . The Saturday flights are the only scheduled air service to the Falklands and carry fresh food as well as passengers . The president made no such announcement in her speech Tuesday . Argentina already bans Falklands ships from its ports , an action joined by other South American and Caribbean nations . "  I guess we were all kind of relieved that there was n't anything particularly concrete . It seems to be another burst of hot air really -- and to that degree -- we 're relieved , " said John Fowler , a journalist and Falkland Islands resident . Britain and Argentina fought a war over the Falkland Islands , which Argentina calls Las Malvinas , in 1982 . Though Britain won the war , expelling an Argentinian military force , Argentina still claims the territory , which has been under British rule since 1833 , as its own . Britain maintains that the 2,500 residents of the Falklands have the right to determine their allegiance , and so far that has been staunchly British . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self-determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently I would argue is actually far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else , " British Prime Minister David Cameron told U.K. lawmakers last month . Addressing Cameron directly in her speech , Fernandez said : "  I simply want to ask the prime minister of England to give peace a chance . " Tensions between London and Buenos Aires were raised even higher this month when Britain sent Prince William to the Falklands as a military helicopter pilot . The prince 's deployment comes as Britain is making other moves to support its 1,700 personnel at the Mount Pleasant military complex in the Falklands . The Royal Navy is sending its top-of-the-line warship , the destroyer HMS Dauntless , to the South Atlantic in the spring on what the British Defence Ministry calls a routine deployment , according to British media reports . Additionally , a British nuclear submarine is headed to the Falklands , according to those reports . "  We are having what in game theory is called tit-for-tat ... I do n't see an end in sight right now , but I 'm sure that war is not the end , " Federico Merke , a professor of international relations at San Andres University , said after the president 's speech . So why , besides supporting the Falklands ' inhabitants , does Britain want to hang on to the islands ? The answer may lie in the lucrative fishing grounds around the islands as well as a growing oil drilling industry . Argentina , of course , has economic interests as well , but analysts say the current standoff has much to do with internal politics . "  The government is being squeezed from lots of different areas , so one way to distract from the economic problems facing the country is to raise the Malvinas issue , " Mark Jones , an expert in Latin American politics at Rice University in Texas , told CNN . "  It 's one of the few issues outside football that you can get universal consensus on . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	The Argentinian president asks Britain to "  give peace a chance " Argentina will file a protest at the United Nations , she says Britain won the 1982 war over the Falkland Islands Argentina still claims the territory , which it calls Las Malvinas
CNN  -- Authorities on Saturday released the names of three more victims found last week in or around the home of a registered sex offender in Cleveland , Ohio . The Cuyahoga County Coroner 's Office identified the bodies of Amelda Hunter , 47 ; Crystal Dozier , 38 ; and Michelle Mason , 45 , all of Cleveland . Anthony Sowell , who served 15 years after pleading guilty to attempted rape in a 1989 case , was arrested last week , two days after police discovered the first bodies at his home . He faces five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping , police said , and was denied bond at a hearing Wednesday . Police have discovered the bodies of 10 people and skull of an 11th victim at or near Sowell 's home . Authorities have identified seven of the victims . Remains of six victims were found inside the home . police said , and five outside . The skull was wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the basement , police said . Hunter was not reported as a missing person at the time of the discovery of the victim 's bodies at Sowell 's residence , according to the Cleveland Police Department . Her family reported her missing on November 3 , telling police that she was last seen on or about April 18 . Dozier also was never reported missing to police . She was reportedly last seen in October 2007 , police said . Mason was reported missing on October 12 , 2008 . She was last seen earlier that month , according to police . At the time , it was reported that Mason suffered from bipolar disorder and was not taking her prescribed medications , police said . Sowell has been placed on a suicide watch at the request of his attorney , according to his public defender , Kathleen DeMetz . A psychiatric evaluation has been ordered but it 's unlikely to happen until after a grand jury files an indictment , she said . Sowell is being held in a solitary cell in the Cuyahoga County jail , wearing a white paper gown , County Jail Warden Kevin McDonough told CNN . Every 10 minutes , a guard checks on him to make sure he does n't hurt himself . Occasionally , Sowell is allowed out of his cell under escort to shower and use a dayroom with books and magazines , but no television , McDonough said . He gets three meals a day . Lights are out at 10 p.m. "  He 's been quiet and compliant , " McDonough said . "  He understands what incarceration is like . " Sowell was released from jail in 2005 . According to court documents , Sowell completed several programs while in jail , including "  Living Without Violence , " "  Positive Personal Change " and "  Cage your Rage . " In another court document filed shortly before his release and obtained by CNN , handwritten notes state Sowell "  would be likely to re-offend because he still denies the rape . " Previously , the coroner 's office said it had identified the bodies of Nancy Cobbs , 43 ; Tonia Carmichael , 52 ; Telacia Fortson , 31 ; and Tishana Culver , 31 . Police initially went to Sowell 's home last week to follow up on a rape accusation . Last month , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor , but no charges were filed . Neighbors called 911 after the October 20 incident . Firefighters and paramedics responded , and later notified police . The woman told officers that she was at the home and "  partying , " when she fell off the roof . "  They were doing coke , drugs , getting high , " Cleveland Police Chief Michael McGrath said . A man described as her boyfriend -- Sowell -- told police the same story . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Police have discovered 10 bodies and a skull at home of sex offender Anthony Sowell Authorities identify Amelda Hunter , 47 , Crystal Dozier , 38 , Michelle Mason , 45 on Saturday Two of the three women had not been reported missing before bodies discovered Sowell is on suicide watch in jail after being denied bond on charges of murder , rape , assault
They come in all sizes and shapes , athletes do , small and tall , round and lean . They come with all kinds of personalities as well . Some are cheerful as a cheerleader and sunny as a summer 's morn . They do more than just impress you , on the field or off ; they delight you . Precious few have been the equal of Tony Gwynn , when it comes to a combination of superhuman prowess plus an everyman 's way of coming across not as someone to idolize but more like your drop-by-for-coffee neighbor next door . When he died Monday , cut down at 54 by a mouth cancer that spread , Major League Baseball mourned . Baseball Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn dies The statistics of Anthony Keith Gwynn are so off-the-chart absurd , they almost make a baseball lover laugh out loud : In the 20 seasons he played  all for the same team , the San Diego Padres  , he did not slug home runs the way Babe Ruth or Hank Aaron or Barry Bonds did ; on the contrary , a mere 135 homers in all that time ? Ha , you would think this Gwynn must have been a 98-pound weakling , rather than the chubby-cheeked , tubby-tummied specimen that he was . What he did do was hit the ball . In his two decades , in 9,288 official at-bats , Gwynn struck out a grand total of 434 times . A pitcher could n't get a pitch by him . It was the old "  like trying to throw a lamb chop past a wolf " kind of joke . You chucked it , Tony Gwynn knocked it . A single to left , to center , to right , wherever he darn well pleased . He looked like a slow-pitch softball batter who decided to poke a ball anywhere he liked . Except he did this against young , rock-abbed , iron-armed men who could hurl a hardball between 90 and 100 mph . Gwynn 's lifetime tally of 3,141 hits exceeded that of Rod Carew , Al Kaline , Roberto Clemente , Ruth , Joe DiMaggio , Lou Gehrig ... His career batting average of .338 was the kind kids fantasize about when they are up-and-comers , watching videos of themselves , trying to learn how to hit . The ballpark figures this Hall of Famer etched into the game 's record books are exceptional . Yet there was so much more to Gwynn : a perpetually happy and humble human being . A couple of examples , just to get the ball rolling : The year was 1984 and the San Diego Padres had made it to the World Series at last . Game 1 was about to be played there in southernmost Southern California , in a town known far more for its beauty than its baseball . Tony Gwynn sat in a dugout , taking on all comers , talking to reporters and teammates and TV cameramen and vendors and batboys . "  Do n't you just love baseball ? " Gwynn asked at one point of no one in particular . He and the Padres were expected by many to lose to the Detroit Tigers , a very strong team that year . "  If we do lose , " Tony the non-Tiger said , "  hooray for the Tigers . Somebody 's going to win , so if it ca n't be us , hooray for them . " Do n't you just love that ? The lack of intensity , solemnity , fear that his observation would be interpreted in some negative way ? Kirk Gibson , star of the opposing team , was the kind of guy who would have stared daggers at a teammate who fraternized with the enemy . Gwynn sought them out , trying to find Tigers before the game , eager as a frisky puppy to make friends and then go play . He had a brother , name of Chris , who got to play on his team . In 1996 , the Padres were up north in Tony 's birthplace of Los Angeles for a big game . It was decided on a clutch 11th-inning double by a pinch-hitter -- yep , Chris Gwynn , the lesser of the Gwynn brothers historically , and it won the division championship for the Padres . "  Are n't you Chris Gwynn 's brother ? " a reporter joked . "  I am today ! " Tony exulted . He loved his brother . He loved pretty much everybody . Including his own son , Tony Gwynn Jr. , who also made it to the major leagues . Brother and son might not have been in Tony 's league  as it were  , but those Gwynns , they could play this game . Tony Jr. was succinct and sincere on Twitter when the bad news came Monday : "  Today I lost my Dad , my best friend and my mentor . I 'm gon na miss u so much , pops . " Tony Gwynn and a habit all too common in baseball He had a cherubic face and a soft and nasal voice , a little bit Walter Payton , a little bit Wayne Newton . He had the torso of a nonathlete and his cheeks were puffed by smokeless tobacco , a habit that likely killed him . He endured oral surgery in 2010 and again in 2012 , and there had been a growing dread that his days were numbered . Tony Gwynn is gone ? Say it ai n't so . He did n't play for New York or St. Louis or San Francisco . He played against them . But he played for all of us , watching him with that bat , waggling it , digging in , smacking a ball where it could n't be caught . He would smile , patting the other side 's fielder on the back , while the rest of us turned to each other , shook our heads and said something like , "  Man , that guy can hit . "	Mike Downey : Tony Gwynn had dazzling baseball , but he kept his humility , common touch He says in 9,288 official at-bats , he struck out 434 times . You threw it , Gwynn hit it But he had something more , he says . He seemed eternally happy , sociable , without airs Downey : He took obvious joy in the game and the trappings . Baseball mourns his loss
CNN  -- Paula Newby-Fraser , widely known as "  the Queen of Kona , " has won 21 Ironman Triathlon titles and eight Ironman World Championships in Kona , Hawaii -- more than any other athlete , male or female , in the 36-year history of the event . Newby-Faser now serves as a coach , mentoring Super Bowl champion Hines Ward during his journey to Kona in 2013 . She is working with Olympian Apolo Ohno for his trip to the 2014 Ironman World Championship . CNN asked her to offer some tips to the Fit Nation triathletes , who are tackling the Nautica Malibu Triathlon next week . CNN : What are your top tips for newbies ? Paula Newby-Fraser : The first triathlon can be a pretty daunting task because there are three disciplines to master . Here 's what I suggest : Set up a training program that is grounded in the realities of your daily life . An overambitious plan can undermine mental and physical progress . Set up a plan that focuses on becoming efficient and comfortable at the distances that you want to cover in each discipline . Integrate a support network of family , training partners and tri clubs to keep your program on track . Do n't overthink the equipment part too soon . Getting in consistent swim , bike and run workouts is more important than gadgets and technology . Being a competent swimmer is one of the most critical steps in building confidence , especially since it 's the first leg of a triathlon . Swimming is the most "  challenging " discipline to learn as a newbie and also very important from a safety perspective . When you do get into an event , always stay in the moment and do exactly what you have done in training . Nothing much different happens in a race than happens in all those workouts you have logged , except that you have a lot of like-minded people around to cheer you on . CNN : Explain the physical and mental training it takes to be a professional endurance athlete . Newby-Fraser : Being a professional athlete is much like being at the top of your game in anything . The commitment becomes part of the fabric of your identity . It is a fundamental aspect of daily life and how you interact with the world . Each and every day is an assessment of your body and the training that needs to be done and all that goes with it : recovery , diet , lifestyle choices , and symbiotically , your mind has to embrace and adapt to that . As with anything , there are great days that have filled me with such joy and confidence , and there are the days that are a brutal struggle . Being conscious of this ongoing engagement and partnership between mind and body is perhaps the greatest key to successful training as an endurance athlete . CNN : How do you know if you are ready to tackle your first triathlon ? Newby-Fraser : From personal experience , I feel that the only way to find out is to get out there and do it ! Even when armed with the mental knowledge and physical process of consistently executing a training program , only lining up and participating in an event will answer that question . So go do it ! CNN : What was your first triathlon ? Newby-Fraser : My first triathlon was an Olympic distance event held in South Africa . Even coming from a swimming background , it was still nerve-wracking to see the distance laid out before me in the lake . My greatest anxiety came from doing an event that was going to last over two hours . Despite all the years of being an athlete growing up , I was nervous about putting it all together for the first time . The event was successful despite "  blowing up " on the run . The emotion and excitement of the start gun had me going out way too hard , and my legs were dead by the time I got to the run . It was a tough but rewarding experience to cross the finish line after how my legs felt when I got off the bike . I could not believe how tired they were and wondered how I was ever going to be able to "  run " six miles . Overcoming this mental hurdle marked the start of a great journey athletically and personally . CNN : How have your feelings about competing changed through the years ? Does the "  Queen of Kona " get race-day jitters ? Newby-Fraser : Years of experience have taught me how to keep perspective about competing . I fully understand that doing events is a celebration of hard work . Knowing that not every day can be my best has made my experience less emotional . There are still a few butterflies at the start of an event , because who does n't want to have a "  good " day versus a struggle ? I still get moments of anxiousness about not wanting to struggle through . Then I remind myself that even if I do , I know how to handle it .	Paula Newby-Fraser has won 21 Ironman Triathlon titles , 8 world championships Consistency in workouts is more important than gadgets and technology , she says Newby-Fraser : A support network will keep you going through tough training days
FAIRFAX COUNTY , Virginia  CNN  -- It was just after 7 a.m. and Cassie Graham was lighting up her second cigarette of the morning . Cassie Graham , a 17-year-old high school senior , joined a school support group to help her quit smoking . A school bus passed her parked car , a sign that that it was time for the 17-year-old high school senior from Fairfax County , Virginia , to stop smoking and head to class . If Graham has her way , that will be the last time she ever lights up . "  It 's getting pretty bad , " said Graham who started smoking at age 15 . "  It used to be fun and now I have to smoke . I know that it 's not normal to smoke all the time , and I have to find some way to quit . " Watch more on Cassie 's struggle to kick the habit " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 20 percent of high school students smoked cigarettes last year . Smoking rates among ninth - to 12th-graders have remained stable for the past five years . "  When I see a young kid smoking , it 's just so frustrating because I actually know the power of tobacco to cause disease , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society . Nearly half of all adults in the United States who suffer from emphysema and 40 percent with chronic bronchitis are smokers , the CDC reports . More than 430,000 Americans die each year from smoking-related causes , the American Lung Association estimates . While researchers have a good idea how to help adults kick the habit , little information is available on what to do to assist teenage smokers . "  It 's really hard for somebody who is a teenager in high school to stop smoking , even if they wanted to stop smoking , " Brawley said . Peer pressure can be tremendous among young smokers , he said . What 's more , Brawley noted , it may be difficult for a teenager to seek help from a doctor or counselor without a parent 's knowledge . Smoking cessation drugs , patches , gum and lozenges are not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for anyone under 18 . So what 's left to help a teen kick the habit ? Support groups . Cassie Graham signed up for a 10-week smoking-cessation class held during one of her free periods at Robinson Secondary School in Fairfax County . "  I 'm not of legal age to smoke , " Cassie said . "  So I was kind of skeptical at first , like ` Am I going to get in trouble for going to this class ? ' " Samuel Wagner , a substance abuse counselor at the school , did n't discount Graham 's concerns about showing up for the session . "  It 's very gutsy , " he said , "  because students do have that fear that if they come to this group , all we 're doing is rounding them up to get them busted . " Wagner , along with school counselor , Tami Marcheski , sat down with five students who 've signed up for the support group called Not-on-Tobacco or N-O-T . The American Lung Association designed the program a decade ago for regular smokers , ages 14 to 19 , who want to quit . Marcheski called the success rate at her school outstanding . "  Thirty-seven percent of kids have quit and 60 percent reduced the number of cigarettes smoked , " she said . This particular session was called "  quit day . " Cassie and her classmates talked openly about their reasons for wanting to quit . Almost everyone mentioned health concerns and the expense of the habit . David Thomas , 18 , added "  I want to smell better . I wo n't have to use cans and cans of Axe . I can work out longer and I do n't have to worry about carrying mints around . " Lia Pisa-Relli said she started smoking when she was 12 . Now at the age of 17 , she worries that she has a lot of breathing problems . "  I want to be able to run . I ca n't even run up the stairs . I ca n't even walk up two flights of stairs . It 's pretty bad . " The counselors spoke with the teens about how to handle nicotine withdrawal symptoms . They passed out lollypops and stress balls to take their mind off cravings . They urged the students to lean on one another and their families for support . Their final exercise of the day was to write down their concerns and fears about quitting on note cards . Cassie read her comments aloud to the group : "  One of my biggest concerns was that I would n't be able to quit , but now I know if I just stick to it and actually try hard to quit then I 'll be able to . " She and her classmates crumpled up the cards and tossed them in the trash as if they were throwing away a bad habit . Cassie 's final words in class : "  I can quit now . "	More than 430,000 Americans die each year from smoking-related causes The CDC estimates 20 percent of high school students smoked cigarettes last year Smoking cessation drugs , patches and gum are not approved for those under 18 Support groups are one of the few stop-smoking aids available to teens
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has stopped well short of agreeing to a continued freeze on building Israeli settlements in the disputed West Bank territory , indicated Sunday he might be willing to compromise . The settlements issue is a major sticking point between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , which recently resumed direct peace talks for the first time since 2008 . "  I do n't know if there will be a comprehensive freeze , " said Netanyahu , according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz . "  But I also do n't know if it is necessary to construct all of the 20,000 housing units waiting to be built . In any case , between zero and one there are a lot of possibilities , " Haaretz reported the prime minister said at a weekly cabinet meeting . Last year , Israel instituted a 10-month moratorium on building Israeli settlements in the West Bank . Netanyahu is under pressure from the Palestinians and the from the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama to extend the freeze , which is currently set to expire toward the end of September . Netanyahu 's conservative coalition government wants the prime minister to end the moratorium . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu met in Washington for direct talks earlier this month . The two pledged in front of the cameras to move the peace process forward , but privately were said to have gotten stuck on the question of whether the Israeli settlements should continue . Abbas and Netanyahu are scheduled for a meeting Tuesday in Egypt , where U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and George Mitchell , the U.S. special envoy for Middle East peace , are also expected to attend . Netanyahu said that if all sides are serious in their efforts , it would be possible to arrive at a framework for lasting peace within the year . "  Just as we are asked to recognize the Palestinian national state ... we also demand and expect the Palestinians to recognize a Jewish state , the State of Israel , as the national state of the Jewish People . This is the true foundation of peace , " he said .	Netanyahu under pressure to extend 10-month moratorium on building in West Bank The settlements issue has emerged as a major sticking point in peace negotiations Abbas and Netanyahu are scheduled for a meeting Tuesday in Egypt
CNN  -- The national debt is bad for the military , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen is telling business men and women and others on a three-day "  Conversations with the Country " tour across the Midwest . Mullen 's trip , which ends Friday in Cleveland , Ohio , is aimed at encouraging business owners to hire veterans . "  The most significant threat to our national security is our debt , " he told CNN Wednesday . "  And the reason I say that is because the ability for our country to resource our military -- and I have a pretty good feeling and understanding about what our national security requirements are -- is going to be directly proportional -- over time , not next year or the year after , but over time -- to help our economy . "  That 's why it 's so important that the economy move in the right direction , because the strength and the support and the resources that our military uses are directly related to the health of our economy over time . " The wars on Iraq and Afghanistan have contributed to a more than doubling of the Pentagon budget , which has jumped from $ 300 billion to $ 664 billion since 2000 . Defense Secretary Robert Gates has called on his department to find $ 100 billion in overhead savings over the next five years . Speaking Thursday to the Economy Club in Detroit , Michigan , Mullen agreed that the Pentagon needs to "  cut the fat . " "  We 're not a business , " he said in Detroit . "  Part of us does this really well . Parts of us have never had to , plus our budget has doubled over the last 10 years . " The admiral said the Pentagon has not been as proactive as it should have been in prioritizing spending and said the department must adopt responsible fiscal practices . "  A lot of those skills have to be sharpened , " Mullen said . Both industry and the military need to hone those skills , he said , to avoid "  this wave of debt . " "  It 's the responsibility of both sides , " he said . "  We have to gird ourselves for some pretty significant challenges , given the national security challenges that we have as well as the responsibility to steward every dollar that we have . " Mullen has been telling his audiences that interest on the debt will nearly equal the defense budget in two years , but Congressional Budget Office numbers , in a report released in January , show the interest payment approaching the Pentagon 's 2000 budget in 2012 and reaching its 2010 budget in 2019 .	Joint chiefs of staff chairman says debt competes with military spending The Pentagon budget has more than doubled in 10 years The Defense Department must "  cut the fat , " Mullen says .
CNN  -- Calling law enforcement accounts "  absurd , " a Michigan attorney sued police Tuesday in the death of 7-year-old girl killed during a raid in Detroit . Attorney Geoffrey Fieger said members of the Detroit Police Special Response Team acted out of line when they conducted a raid on the family home of Aiyana Jones , who was severely burned and then killed by an officer 's bullet . She died Sunday . "  This type of activity by a police force is unacceptable in America , " Fieger said at a news conference in his office . "  What is equally unacceptable is the cover-up that has occurred . " Fieger filed both state and federal lawsuits alleging gross negligence , a violation of civil rights and a conspiracy to cover up the violation of civil rights . Detroit Assistant Police Chief Ralph Godbee has said that preliminary information indicated that officers approached the house with a search warrant for the girl 's uncle in connection with the shooting of a high school student Friday . Godbee said the officer 's gun discharged accidentally inside the home after an altercation and physical contact with the girl 's grandmother , Mertilla Jones . Jones denied such an altercation Tuesday . Fieger said he plans to file another lawsuit for false arrest and accused the police of covering up their own mistakes by blaming the family . Fieger said videotape of the incident shows that the shooting was not accidental . In an interview Monday , he told CNN affiliate WDIV that a crew was filming the raid for the A&E network 's show , "  The First 48 . " The program documents police investigations in the first 48 hours after a homicide . Tuesday , Fieger recounted the events shown on the video that he said led to the girl 's death . At times , he had to pause , his voice drowned out by sobbing family members . Fieger said officers tossed a smoke bomb -- described by police as a "  flash bang device " to distract occupants -- into the house , severely burning Aiyana , who was on the couch in the front room with her grandmother . She was then struck in the neck by a bullet fired from outside the house , he said . Godbee has said he does n't know how Fieger saw the video , according to WDIV . "  If Mr. Fieger has access to anything that would be evidence in this case , he should , as an officer of the court , get it immediately to the Michigan State Police , which will be investigating , " he said in a statement . Fieger said the police and the city owe apologies to the family , especially to Mertilla Jones for trying to blame her for her granddaughter 's death . He said officers need to be held to account just as anyone else would . "  The people of the city of Detroit have got to believe the police will protect them , and not kill them , " Fieger said . "  This is an opportunity to come together , not to tear us apart , " he said . "  Apologize now and we can start the road to healing . "	NEW : Attorney recounts events leading to girl 's death that he said were caught on video NEW : Geoffry Fieger says girl was burned by flash device before being struck by bullet NEW : Fieger calls police accounts of the raid "  absurd , " claims cover-up The suits claim gross negligence and conspiracy to cover up a civil rights violation
CNN  -- The funeral of the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il unfolded across the snow-laden streets of Pyongyang on Wednesday , a three-hour event that displayed the secretive regime 's ability to choreograph elaborate state ceremonies . A North Korean state television broadcast of the services showed a tearful Kim Jong Un , the son and chosen successor of Kim Jong Il , trudging through the snow alongside the procession as it began at the Kumsusan Memorial Palace , where Kim Jong Il 's body had been lying in state since his death earlier this month . One black car carried on its roof a coffin draped in the flag of the nation 's Worker 's Party . Another transported a giant portrait of a smiling Kim . Senior officials accompanied the younger Kim , including Jang Song Taek , his uncle and a vice chairman of the National Defense Commission . Soldiers stood with their heads bowed , their caps in hand . Their green uniforms contrasted starkly with the bright white snow as mournful music played . The long funeral cortege then sped up , weaving through the streets of the city past throngs of emotional mourners . In footage that the state television repeated several times , the mourners wailed and beat their chests , their hair damp from the falling snow . "  That is our general , " said one soldier interviewed by the station . "  In this snow , we have to send him off and it 's heart ripping . " The snow also gave the country 's state-run media fresh material with which to eulogize the dead leader . "  The feathery snowfall reminds the Korean people of the snowy day when the leader was born in the secret camp of Mt. Paektu and of the great revolutionary career that he followed through snowdrifts , " the Korean Central News Agency said in a report Wednesday , referring to a mythical tale of Kim Jong Il 's birth on a sacred mountain . The North Korean media had attributed a number of supernatural feats and events to Kim over his lifetime . "  All streets in Pyongyang and all towns and villages throughout the country are now inundated with people sweeping away snow before bidding their last farewell to the leader , " the KCNA report said . "  They , who spent a sleepless night , missing him , have turned out in all roads covered by him in his lifetime . " The funeral procession , consisting of dozens of cars , went as far as Kim Il Sung Square , named after the founder of North Korea and father of Kim Jong Il , before returning to the palace . At that point , soldiers fired a 21-shot salute as Kim Jong Un and other officials stood with their heads bowed . The reclusive nation had revealed no details ahead of time about the funeral of the elder Kim , who was revered as a godlike "  dear leader " by his people . He died December 17 -- reportedly of a heart attack -- after 17 years of repressive rule . Analysts were parsing the funeral footage for clues on the transition under way within the regime . The route the procession took appeared to follow that taken for Kim Il Sung 's funeral in 1994 , reported Yonhap , the official South Korean news agency . But Kim Jong Il received three fewer shots in the salute than his father did . The funeral Wednesday gave a prominent role to a third generation of the family : Kim Jong Un , the man designated the "  great successor " by the nation 's Worker 's Party . "  This is a very scripted funeral . They 've expected this for the last several years , " said Lee Chung Min , dean of the Graduate School of International Studies at Yonsei University in Seoul . "  As you can see by the clockwork procession , the funeral basically signals a new era in North Korea " under Kim Jong Un , Lee said . Questions have been raised about Kim Jong Un 's ability to take the reins of the communist nation , given his young age -- he is thought to be in his late 20s -- and relative inexperience . State news media have described the younger Kim as "  Supreme leader " and "  Sun of the 21st century , " suggesting he is succeeding in rallying support within the regime 's hierarchy . "  As far as we can see from the TV cameras and from all of their state media projections , everything basically is going according to plan , " Lee said . "  Whether Kim Jong Un will be able to remain in power over the longer term -- that 's the $ 64 million question . " Analysts were also watching the ceremonies to gauge where leading figures stand in the new hierarchy . Jang Song Taek , who was shown walking behind Kim Jong Un on Wednesday , is expected to serve as a regent for the younger Kim as he builds leadership experience , said Denny Roy , a North Korea analyst at the East-West Center in Honolulu . Ri Yong Ho , who holds a number of key military and political posts , also took a prominent position in the procession . The ceremony is to be followed by a memorial on Thursday . The state-run KCNA said when the national memorial service is held , gun volleys will be fired in the capital as well as in provincial seats . "  All the people will observe three minutes ' silence and all locomotives and ships  those on voyage included  will blow whistles and those units with sirens will sound them all at once , " KCNA said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The funeral suggests everything is "  going according to plan , " an analyst says Kim Jong Un , the son of the late dictator , walks alongside the procession ` It 's heart ripping , ' says one soldier interviewed on state TV
An Egyptian court upheld the death sentences against Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie and 182 of the group 's supporters Saturday . They were among hundreds of people found guilty in April of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . The incident occurred after sit-ins supporting deposed President Mohamed Morsy at squares in Cairo were broken up . "  Of 683 defendants in the case , 183 were sentenced to death , four were sentenced to life imprisonment and 496 defendants were acquitted , " at Minya Criminal Court , state-run Ahram Online reported . Defense lawyer Ahmed Shabeeb confirmed the upholding of the 183 death sentences to CNN . The men can appeal the verdicts to a higher court . Badie and other top Muslim Brotherhood leaders face other death penalty charges in other attacks as well . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? Court sentences hundreds to death 10 Muslim Brotherhood supporters sentenced to death in Egypt	Muslim Brotherhood leader is among those charged The incident in question occurred last year after sit-ins were dispersed The verdicts can still be appealed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pirates off the eastern coast of Africa fired on U.S. sailors Saturday as they tried to reach the lifeboat where an American captain is being held , a U.S. official familiar with the situation told CNN . The guided missile frigate USS Halyburton , with helicopter capabilities , is now at the scene . The gunfire forced the sailors , who did not return fire , back to the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge , the official said . Capt. Richard Phillips reportedly offered himself as a hostage to the pirates during an attack Wednesday on the U.S.-flagged container ship Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean . The Alabama was en route to Mombasa , Kenya , with a cargo of food aid when it was hijacked about 350 miles off the Somalia coast . The American crew regained control of the vessel , but the Maersk company would not say how . There are about 20 crew members . The Alabama arrived Saturday in Mombasa , along with an 18-person armed security detail on board . "  For security reasons , the vessel will berth in a restricted area of the port and will not be accessible to the media . FBI agents will debrief members of the crew on board the vessel before they disembark . The crew will not be available to the media in Mombasa , " Maersk Ltd. said . Watch the latest Maersk briefing " The U.S. Navy -- which is in charge of the situation -- requested help from the FBI to resolve the standoff . The FBI is launching a criminal investigation into the hijacking and hostage-taking , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The probe will be led by the FBI 's New York field office , which has responsibility for looking into cases involving U.S. citizens in the African region . Agents from the office were scheduled to leave for Africa sometime this weekend , the officials said . Phillips lives in Underhill , Vermont , where neighbor and longtime family friend , Tom Walsh , told CNN the captain 's wife , Andrea , was surrounded by relatives . "  If they need us to help with anything . That 's kind of the way it is in these communities . ... just showing that we 're concerned . We want to do whatever she needs , " Walsh said . "  She has a lot of family there . " Watch more about the hostage situation " Earlier Saturday , pirates sailing a hijacked German cargo ship returned to port after failing to reach the area of the standoff with the Bainbridge , a local journalist told CNN . The German ship Hansa Stavanger was among several pirated vessels trying to sail to the area some 300 miles off the Somali coast , a Somali journalist told CNN . The pirate crew had intended to help the pirates holding Phillips but turned back because of the U.S. naval presence , the journalist said . The Hansa Stavanger is now at the Somali port of Eyl , the journalist said . The Hansa Stavanger was hijacked April 4 off the Somali coast . Pirates have been searching the waters off Africa 's coast for the Alabama 's lifeboat , a U.S. military official with knowledge of the situation said Friday . They are using hijacked vessels and skiffs launched from larger ships , the official said . The guided missile frigate USS Halyburton , with helicopter capabilities , has joined the Bainbridge in the area . A third ship , the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer -- with a medical facility aboard -- should be there by the end of the day . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on how the pirates are being handled Phillips is being held by four gunmen in the covered , fiberglass lifeboat . He jumped overboard at one point to try to escape , but one of the pirates jumped into the water after him and brought him back onboard the 28-foot boat . The pirates fired shots , the military official said , without providing further details . Phillips appeared to be tied up by the pirates after the escape attempt , a Defense Department official told CNN . For the U.S. Navy , bringing in more firepower is more than just a means to resolve a hostage situation , said Chris Lawrence , CNN 's Pentagon correspondent . Attacks in the area have picked up so drastically in recent months that the Navy has to reposition some of its fleet to deal with the threats , he said . The pirates have shown no signs of giving in . Meanwhile , the acts of piracy were having an effect on tourists disembarking from ships in Mombasa . "  Well , we got the international news stories on television on the ship and everybody 's concerned about the route that we were on because there was always the possibility that we would be approached by pirates , " one male passenger said . CNN 's Stephanie Elam , Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunfire from pirates forces sailors , who did not return fire , to turn back NEW : FBI launches criminal investigation into hijacking , hostage-taking Maersk Alabama arrives in Mombasa , Kenya under armed guard Capt. Richard Phillips is being held by four gunmen in covered , fiberglass lifeboat
CNN  -- "  Even if you know the way , " an ancient Korean proverb advises , "  ask one more time . " If North Korea 's latest cycle of misdeeds , followed by international censure , followed by menacing words out of Pyongyang has a familiar ring to it , it is because this behavior has become a fixture of the accordion-like rhythm of Northeast Asian security . But a familiar path is not the same thing as a prudent one . It would be a mistake to let North Korea 's young leader think he has inherited the family license to provoke with immunity . Let 's briefly retrace the recent cycle of provocation , sanction and threat . On December 12 , North Korea successfully launched a three-stage Unha-3 rocket . Although an Earth observation satellite  Shining Star-3  was placed into orbit , the ostensibly peaceful launch simultaneously advanced the North 's long-range missile program that would put U.S. territory into target range . The triumphant launch came eight months after a similar rocket shattered over the Yellow Sea . Unha-3 can reach at least Guam now and most likely will be able to reach Alaska and Hawaii and the West Coast of the continental United States within the coming year or two . Adding a workable nuclear warhead will take a bit longer , perhaps three or more years , based on available information . The launch also delivered a success on the first anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death , conferring precious credibility on Kim Jong Un 's fledgling regime . On January 22 , the United Nations Security Council unanimously passed Resolution 2087 . The resolution strengthens existing sanctions , curbing the travel and potentially the finances of the agencies and senior officials responsible for the rocket launch . Resolution 2087 marks a proportionate response to a specific infraction , as the April and December rocket launches violated previous Security Council resolutions enacted after the North 's 2006 and 2009 nuclear tests . The latest resolution leaves open a diplomatic path . It encourages North Korea to rejoin Six Party Talks with China , Russia , South Korea , Japan and the United States , aimed at realizing Pyongyang 's official pledge of September 19 , 2005 , to move toward total denuclearization . But the U.N. measure also signals a "  significant determination " to impose harsher measures in the event of a third nuclear test . Pyongyang 's verbal reaction to sanctions has been swift and purposeful . Declaring sanctions to be tantamount to "  a declaration of war , " North Korea is threatening further missile and nuclear tests . Invective is conveniently aimed at the North 's "  sworn enemy " the United States , as the Obama administration transitions its national security team for a second term . Just as South Korean President-elect Park Geun-hye seeks to instigate a more peaceful inter-Korean relationship , the North Korean regime appears to quash that initiative before it gets off the ground . Kim Jong Un himself may be threatened by the mere prospect of a summit with South Korea 's Iron Lady . Seoul 's economic prosperity and strong democratic institutions stand in stark contrast to those of North Korea , which appears incapable of abandoning its stereotypical ways , including the economic dead-end of a military-first policy . Despite a well-trodden history of provocation , sanction and threat , the North 's latest threats should not be sloughed off as insignificant . North Korea 's next nuclear test may well pave the way for a sizeable expansion of its nuclear arsenal . If its clandestine uranium-enrichment program has made strides , Pyongyang could demonstrate that it will gain access to a far larger pool of fissile material than simply its limited supply of weapons-grade plutonium . A larger pool of fissile material is a dual threat : As a vital part of an expanded nuclear weapon program and as a commodity to be sold on the black market . Beyond the obvious goal of regime survival , burgeoning nuclear and missile programs may be changing North Korea 's tolerance for risk . In the space of a year , Kim Jong Un has struck a nuclear and missile moratorium with the United States  the so-called "  Leap Day " deal  , quickly abandoned that agreement , launched two long-range rockets in contravention of international law , and now is prepared for a third nuclear test at the Punggye-ri nuclear test facility in the northeast . Nuclear test number three could be conducted any time , from the next few days to the coming weeks or months . With a successful test , Pyongyang could in effect proclaim itself invulnerable , above the law , a nuclear-weapon state immune from international action . To allow such a misconception to become deeply engrained in the psyche of a leader not thought to be yet 30 years of age would be a grave mistake . At some point , a leaky defensive containment policy reaches a tipping point when the penalties of continuing it outweigh the gains of preserving it . Thus , the familiar path eventually becomes the wrong one . The world should be close to reaching that conclusion , and North Korea should begin to wonder when its luck will run out and it conducts one provocation too many . Above all else , the United States and its allies and partners need to fashion more offensive policy tools that exact steeper penalties for North Korean transgressions . Shifting from defensive to offensive containment requires the United States , South Korea and Japan to augment their defensive posture , through improved and more integrated intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance . Japanese and South Korean space launches may indicate such steps are under way . In the event of a nuclear test , these steps should include the procurement and deployment of the latest ballistic missile defenses . Additional steps can be taken to reinforce the North-South maritime border west of the peninsula , the Northern Limit Line that was the site of both armed clashes in 2010 , and the general state of readiness for a range of provocations . Beyond military steps , however , there needs to be corresponding legal , economic , political and social consequences for the North 's leadership . While stopping far short of seeking regime change in North Korea , the United States , South Korea and others could help flood North Korea with radio and electronic information . For instance , it could begin by letting North Koreans know about the costs of its military-first extravagances . It could also let more North Koreans know about some of the extensive foreign financial holdings of the North Korean leadership . Last week , North Korea 's official news agency opined that , "  A nuclear test is what the people demand . " If it 's popular sentiment that the North wants to satisfy  given the supposed indigenous demand for a nuclear test  , then the world ought to oblige North Koreans by providing information censored by the regime that could prompt different types of popular demands . Because escalatory steps must eventually either climb back down or lead to war , there should be a continuing willingness to talk with North Korea and , should it ever shift tack and commit responsible acts , the United States and its allies should be prepared to reward those acts with more fruitful exchanges and assistance . One aim of offensive containment is to move China from talking about pressure on North Korea to taking effective action to rein in its ally . Admittedly , these steps are probably bolder than what is currently in fashion in Washington or Seoul . Some officials may feel paralyzed . Perhaps they believe that even a deteriorating status quo is preferable to a heightened risk of sudden change . But sudden change is not foreordained by getting tougher , whereas certain change $ " more fissile material , more potential nuclear and missile know-how that can be sold under our noses to the bidders in the tumultuous Middle East and even to al Qaeda terrorist cells $ " becomes more likely every day North Korea moves forward with its mass-destruction technologies . In sum , although North Korea is taking the world down a familiar path , key officials need to ask anew whether the familiar path is still the best one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick M. Cronin .	North Korea has threatened more missile and nuclear tests Patrick Cronin says the threats came in response to reasonable sanctions imposed on N. Korea He says it may be prudent to show N. Korea that such provocations wo n't succeed
CNN  -- Hundreds of law-enforcement officers were making arrests and executing search warrants Thursday in Arizona as part of an investigation into human smuggling , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency said . Authorities made at least 40 arrests in an investigation into the suspected smuggling of illegal immigrants in vans that took them from the border to Tucson and Phoenix , two officials with Immigration and Customs Enforcement said . Federal authorities scheduled a news conference for Thursday afternoon to discuss what they called "  a massive , yearlong investigation targeting the infrastructure of several major Arizona-based human smuggling networks . "	Crackdown under way as part of an investigation into human smuggling Authorities made at least 40 arrests on Thursday , ICE officials said Immigrants were shuttled in vans from the border to Tucson and Phoenix , officials said
Editor 's note : A gunman killed 10 people and himself Tuesday in southern Alabama . It 's the most recent example of mass killing sprees that have traumatized communities over the years . Here 's how one city responded . In the worst mass shooting in the U.S. at the time , a gunman killed 23 customers in a Texas cafeteria in 1991 . CNN  -- On October 16 , 1991 , 35-year-old George Hennard drove a pickup truck into Luby 's cafeteria in Killeen , Texas , and fatally shot 23 people and wounded more than 20 before killing himself . For more than 15 years , the city next to the sprawling Fort Hood military base had the dubious distinction of being the site of the deadliest mass shooting in the United States -- until a student killed 32 people and himself at Virginia Tech in 2007 . "  You can never prepare for an incident like this , " says Killeen city councilman Fred Latham , who was mayor pro tem of the city , which had a population of about 66,000 at the time of the shooting . But Killeen 's experience shows a city can survive the grief , pain and stigma of such an incident . About 80 people were in the cafeteria , many of them taking their bosses to lunch for National Bosses Day when Hennard arrived . He methodically chose his victims , most of whom were women , before he was wounded by police and shot himself . Latham , who is 60 and a real estate broker , has been on the city council off and on for 16 years . He spoke to CNN.com Wednesday . CNN : What are your memories of that day in October ? Latham : It was a tragic day in our history , Many of the people who were killed or injured I personally knew . It was just a big shock that anything like that could ever happen in our community . CNN : Where were you when it happened ? Latham : I was with the mayor and the Waco city engineer , looking at potential road improvements and we just happened to be driving near where Luby 's was , and we saw some roadblocks being set up and we knew something terrible had happened . There were police cars and barricades and you had the sense that something was wrong . CNN : What are your memories of the days after the shooting ? Latham : The community came together as far as trying to help resolve the issues with the people who were victims or their families who were trying to get through it . There were a lot of human resource agencies that came , American Red Cross , a lot of counselors . It was just overwhelming . I think the phones into Killeen were jammed from people all over the country trying to check on their family members . Luby 's was the kind of place that would attract any kind of person . That was Bosses Day that particular day , so you had a lot of extra business there , I 'm sure . And many of the people were in our school district . Our school district is one of the biggest employers in the region . So when you had administrators or people in that administration office killed , they 're going to be known by many , many people . The commanding general at Fort Hood sent in helicopters and all kinds of extra assistance that might be needed . ... Fort Hood is the major employer in the area . At that time there were some 42,000 assigned troops there and some soldiers were actually killed . You can never prepare for an incident like this from somebody that just goes off . How they pick a destination you do n't know . This person drove all the way from Belton , which is about 16 miles to our east . He was n't a Killeen resident , so how he picked Luby 's you do n't know . He actually drove through the front window and the people that were in the restaurant thought maybe he had an accident where you try to apply the brakes and hit the gas pedal . ... . When he came out shooting , the people were kind of trapped . I was proud of our community as to how they handled the situation and overcame all the adversity . Everybody was concerned about the welfare of the families and the people who were victims , Luby 's began a fund to help defray some of the expenses and I think people from all over the country sent money . We formed a committee that helped look at how you disburse the money . I think that was successful and helped some with the aftermath . CNN : What are the emotions that a community goes through ? Latham : Grief , just disbelief that something like this could happen , all the same emotions that you go through with any significant death in a family , I suppose . To have at the time ... that this was worst shooting anywhere in the world , it gives a stigma that you do n't ever want to have for your city . It 's similar to the one that happened at Columbine and at Virginia Tech . Nobody has the answers as to why these things happen and the randomness of the person shooting his victims does n't make any sense . It 's not logical , you ca n't comprehend it . To see death happen to people , they were just there to have a meal with their boss and have a celebration of that and no interaction with the person that perpetrated this act . CNN : Were the churches and houses of worship involved in trying to heal the wounds ? Latham : Absolutely , the churches throughout town came to the aid , performing counseling and having funeral services . There was a lot of compassion , if anything good came out of this , it was the fact that we realized that we all really cared more about each other more than we ever thought . CNN : Has the town recovered ? Latham : It has been resilient . We 've been in a dynamic part of central Texas where the economy has been good for many years . -LSB- There 's -RSB- the resiliency and the strength of Fort Hood , which is one of the most efficient training facilities for the Army and it has continued to grow . A lot of people have retired here and the cost of living is good . There 's affordable housing , the weather is good ... then you 've got a work force that 's educated and disciplined , and they 're fairly young . CNN : You talked about the stigma of having the worst mass killing in the world . Latham : The tendency for the news media , each time an event like this happens , they 'll list one , two , three , four , five , where the most killings occurred and you 're mentioned in that top five . And that 's not something we want to be reminded of . CNN : Some people say the stigma can hurt a town economically , but it does n't seem to have done so in Killeen . Latham : We 're a very mobile community . Our population turns over at least 30 percent every five years . Maybe two-thirds of our population -LSB- now -RSB- were n't even here or does n't even know anything about this . So we 're different from a longtime community that does n't turn over like that . CNN : What advice would you have for other mayors or other city council people in towns who experience these kinds of incidents ? Latham : Well I would accept help from others . You 're not in it by yourself . You 'll be surprised at the resiliency that you 'll have as a community . The faith-based community will come forward , embrace that . You 'll get through it , but you wo n't ever forget the victims or what has happened to the community .	Fred Latham : "  You can never prepare " for an incident like the one in Killeen , Texas In 1991 , a gunman drove a pickup into a cafeteria and killed 23 people Latham says the city raised money for victims and bounced back Latham : Communities are resilient but they will never forget what happened
CNN  -- Tokyo was known as Edo until 1868 , but it 's hard to imagine that this high-rise , high-tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete . Tokyo is n't just a futuristic city ; it 's the place that has shaped our vision of what the future will look like . In Tokyo , the future is a long-standing tradition . There 's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya , Shinjuku and Akihabara ; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs , subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of "  Blade Runner " or "  The Fifth Element . " But the space-age topography of Tokyo has been shaped by a history of catastrophe . In the 20th century alone Tokyo suffered earthquakes , fires and devastating bombing . The result is a city that has repeatedly been forced to rebuild , shedding its past with each successive redevelopment . In Tokyo , the future is a long-standing tradition . After centuries of expansion , Tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its 12 million residents . Perhaps the inevitability of another catastrophic earthquake accounts for the lack of emotional attachment to the city 's architecture ; buildings are continuously being pulled down and replaced , creating the sensation that Tokyo 's skyline is a permanent work in progress . While it can seem that the city is intent on stream rolling over its past , you can still see traces of old Edo . The Meiji Jingu Shrine tells of the city 's Shinto heritage and there 's something timeless about the charming chaos of Tsukiji Fish Market . Even the enduring formalities of Tokyo 's social etiquette and the joy with which Tokyoites greet the coming of the cherry blossom are signs that the city maintains a lingering affection for its traditions . At first glance , Tokyoites may seem sober and industrious , efficiently going about the business of making their city a world capital of techno commerce , but shops filled with manga comics and anime DVDs hint at a desire to escape the obligations of real life . That appetite for escapism is most colorfully expressed in the phenomenon of "  cosplay " , which sees teenagers dress as characters from cartoons and comic strips , or in the outlandish uniforms of various distinctive subcultures . In the 80s , Japan 's bubble economy created unsustainable growth in Tokyo and property prices in the capital went through the roof . When the bubble burst in the early 90s , Tokyo was hit particularly hard but , after years of recession , Tokyo has the buzz of a city regaining its confidence . For this endlessly fascinating city , it 's back to business -- and back to the future .	Known as Edo until 1868 , Tokyo has been shaped by a history of disasters There 's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya , Shinjuku and Akihabara There are still traces of traditional Tokyo , such as at the Meiji Jingu Shrine
Washington  CNN  -- For more than a week into a government shutdown , Paul Ryan kept a low profile amid the political uproar . When he finally emerged , the time was ripe for someone with his conservative cred and fiscal bona fides to step in and try to corral his bucking Republican Party . While a group of conservatives were driving the agenda in the quagmire over spending , Obamacare and the looming debt limit , Ryan dropped an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal outlining the Republican path forward . Yes , he did stir up divisions between tea party conservatives and establishment GOP lawmakers , but he also enabled party leaders to grab the reins and regain control of their caucus . Prologue : Ryan 's strategy To remain silent . In new book , Paul Ryan asks ` where do we go from here ? ' As Texas Sen. Ted Cruz staged a public fight over defunding President Barack Obama 's signature health care law , which led to the shutdown , Ryan tread lightly . For instance , CNN has asked every member of Congress if he or she would support a government funding or debt ceiling bill with no strings attached -- something Obama and Democrats are demanding . Ryan 's office chose not to comment . His recent reticence was more noticeable because the issues front and center now fell into his wheelhouse . Cue Paul Ryan . Act I : The adult in the room Ryan Williams , former spokesman for 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , said that Ryan speaks about issues when necessary . "  He intends to be the adult in the room when needed , " Williams said . "  He felt that it was important for him to speak up to address the seemingly never-ending stalemate that we 're witnessing in Washington . " Supporters stand by representatives , and government shutdown A source told CNN this was the plan all along . Ryan thought the better issue to demand concessions from the president was around the debt ceiling and that he 'd play a larger role in that debate . Ryan 's low profile , however , was evident on Thursday when Republicans emerged from a conference to announce what they planned to take to the White House . As nearly a dozen House leaders approached the microphone to announce a deal , Ryan refrained from speaking . He stood in the background , barely in the frame of the television cameras . Act II : Ryan 's backlash Ryan , who was previously considered the conservative knight in shining armor for his fiscal policies , took a beating from the home team when he released his op-ed urging the terms of negotiations revolve around the deficit and entitlement programs . Lisa Miller , Founder of the Washington-based Tea Party WDC , told CNN that she is skeptical of Ryan 's plan . "  Paul Ryan is a numbers guy ; I just do n't like his numbers , " Miller said . And a spokeswoman for Cruz noticed something else that irritated conservatives . "  There is one big work missing from this op-ed . It 's start with an O and ends with BAMACARE , " she tweeted . Ryan was forced to go on defense instead of push his agenda . Ryan responds to criticism over op-ed Appearing on conservative talk show "  Bill Bennett 's Morning in America , " Bennett asked Ryan if dismantling Obamacare was no longer a priority . Ryan insisted that it still was . "  Obamacare 's an entitlement just like any other entitlement , " Ryan said , according to Politico . "  If you look at the op-ed , I say we have to - ultimately we have to rethink all of our nation 's health care laws . " Act III : Ryan 's defense But Ryan has some support on this matter . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus echoed Ryan 's defense , and said the op-ed included "  OBAMACARE , " even though it did n't specifically mention it . And Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona called Ryan 's proposal a "  must read . " Act IV : Ryan 's impact One day later , however , Ryan 's timely action has proved significant . Republican leadership has now effectively transitioned GOP negotiation demands away from health care . Republican leadership said the proposal they are bringing to Obama is a discussion on "  an array of issues . " Missing from the proposal were the words "  health care " or "  Obamacare . " Opinion : Goodbye to the strategy Republicans knew was a fantasy The subtle omission is significant because the parameters of the debate have dramatically changed . Dismantling the health care law is a top priority among a core group of conservative lawmakers . The demand to defund Obamacare resulted in the government shutdown , despite reluctance from Republican leadership to back their plan , knowing that the president and Democratic Senate would never agree to that . Epilogue : Ryan 's future Ultimately , his timely emergence could be part of a larger plot . As a young politician with a bright future , speculation is rampant that he might be running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . That speculation grows louder especially as he plans trips to Iowa and New Hampshire , the first presidential nominating states . He will keynote a birthday fundraiser for Iowa 's Republican governor next month and he is to attend a fundraising breakfast for a congressional candidate in New Hampshire . Ryan stood back while Cruz , another potential 2016 hopeful , pushed the Republican Party into a difficult position . With some experience on his side having served in Congress for 15 years and running on a presidential ticket , Ryan understands the risk of speaking too often and too soon . It creates more opportunity to mess up . CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	After keeping a low-profile , Paul Ryan emerges with key role in Washington 's standoff His op-ed on a path forward first generated a conservative backlash But his timely emergence has proven effective Leadership effectively transitioned Republican negotiation demands away from health care
The burial at sea of Osama bin Laden after he was killed by Navy SEALs last year followed traditional Islamic procedures , according to newly released military e-mails , but less than a dozen "  leadership " members aboard the Navy carrier where the service took place were informed of the burial . "  Any sailors watch the burial ? " a Navy commander asked the public affairs officer on the USS Carl Vinson in a May 3 , 2011 , e-mail . The Carl Vinson was the carrier where the SEALs took bin Laden 's body by helicopter after he was killed during the May 2 , 2011 , raid at his compound in Pakistan . Panetta : Al Qaeda down but not out "  Only a small group of the leadership was informed -- less than a dozen , " the public affairs officer replied . Another e-mail stated , "  Burial No Sailors Watched . " Ten heavily redacted e-mails were released by the Department of Defense in response to a Freedom of Information lawsuit initially filed by the watchdog group Judicial Watch . In communications between high-ranking officers , the e-mails describe Islamic burial procedures being carried out with no fanfare , apparently with few of the officers and enlisted personnel aboard the huge carrier aware of what was going on aboard their ship . Radical cleric released from UK jail "  Traditional procedures for Islamic burial was followed , " said one e-mail , adding , "  The deceased 's body was washed  ablution  then placed in a white sheet . The body was placed in a weighted bag . a military officer read prepared religious remarks , which were translated into Arabic by a native speaker . After the words were complete , the body was placed on a prepared flat board , tipped up , whereupon the deceased 's body slid into the sea . " The e-mail detailing the burial account was sent on May 2 , 2011 , and addressed to former Joint Chiefs Chairman Mike Mullen . Naval officers used code words in some of the e-mails exchanged shortly after the raid was completed , with an exchange between two admirals including , "  FEDEX delivered the package . Both trucks are safely enroute home base . " Judge blocks release of bin Laden death photos 2011 opinion : Sea burial was ` sad miscalculation '	Defense Department releases military e-mails with details on the burial at sea of bin Laden Less than a dozen of the ship 's "  leadership " were informed of the burial Traditional procedures for Islamic burial were followed , according to the e-mails The documents were released under a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit
CNN  -- Kenneth Johnson never believed . When his son , Kendrick , was found with his body headfirst in a rolled-up gym mat at Lowndes County High School in south Georgia , authorities offered their take on what happened : The 17-year-old had been reaching for his sneaker when he got caught up in it , then suffocated to death . In other words , it was all a tragic accident . "  When he came up this cockamamie story of how they found Kendrick , " the late student 's father said Friday of the local sheriff , " ... right there , from the beginning , we had no reason to trust them at all . "  Because they did n't show us justice . " The questions surrounding Kendrick Johnson 's death Ten months after burying their son , the Johnson family says that 's all they 're looking for -- justice . Not to declare his case closed , as the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office did after a Georgia Bureau of Investigation autopsy found that Kendrick died of position asphyxia . The Johnson 's skepticism led them not to give up , but to push on with their own investigation . A second autopsy conducted by a private pathologist , at the request of Kendrick 's parents , found he died because of "  unexplained , apparent non-accidental blunt force trauma . " There have been more questions since then , including why their son 's body and skull were stuffed with newspaper before his burial . The pursuit of getting answers has made the pain of losing a son -- a boy they described as jovial , polite and good-hearted -- a little more bearable . "  Just to know that we 're fighting for Kendrick is what gets me up in the morning , " his mother , Jacquelyn Johnson , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday night . "  We know we 've got to fight a little harder every day . " Attorneys call for release of surveillance video Conflicting determinations of what happened A loving son and brother , a three-sport athlete who never got in trouble with the law , a jokester who made every day fun , a gentleman with good manners and a sunny disposition . That was Kendrick Johnson , in a nutshell , his parents say . "  Every parent all over the world would want to have a son like Kendrick , " Kenneth Johnson told CNN 's Cooper . "  Kendrick was a great boy . " On January 11 , he was in the gymnasium of Lowndes County High in Valdosta . A few still images , taken from surveillance cameras , are perhaps the last of Kendrick Johnson alive . They show him walking across the bare floor with no one else in sight , though it 's quite possible that other , unreleased pictures would show Kendrick was n't alone . The next pictures of the teenager are far more horrifying : His body , clad in jeans and layered orange and white T-shirts , is wedged in the wrestling mat . His face is bloated with pooled blood , some of which poured out of his body and soaked his dreadlocks and spilled onto the floor . There were more streaks of blood on a nearby wall . But it was n't Kendrick 's , investigators say . In fact , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation told CNN on Thursday that DNA tests to try to determine whose blood that was found no match . Lt. Stryde Jones , from the sheriff 's office , told CNN in May that the blood looked like it had "  been there for an extended period of time . " A pair of orange-and-black gym shoes are found a few yards from the teen 's body . They had a substance that looked like blood , though investigators told CNN that it was not -- which is why the shoes were n't collected for potential evidence . Nor was a hooded sweatshirt a few feet away . "  I do n't believe this was an accident , " said Harold Copus , an Atlanta private investigator who looked at the death scene imagery . "  I think this young man met with foul play . " And Dr. Bill Anderson , the private pathologist hired by Johnson 's family who conducted the second autopsy , found that Johnson had a blow to right side of his neck "  consistent with inflicted injury . " "  I 've never had a case that I can recall where the prosecution actually was told that this may well be a homicide -- the prosecution being the state , the police and so forth -- and then they did n't bother prosecuting , " said Anderson , from Forensic Dimensions in Heathrow , Florida . "  It 's mystifying . " Yet a number of official reports paint a different picture . A January 25 report by the Valdosta-Lowndes County Regional Crime Laboratory cited "  no signs of blunt force trauma on Johnson 's face or body . " And the original autopsy results released by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation May 2 identified "  no significant injuries . " Body stuffed with newspaper Mother : We 'll keep at it ` until we get justice ' So what is the truth ? The Johnson family says one way to find out is through a coroner 's inquest , a process in which a panel -- after reviewing evidence and testimony -- decides on a cause of death . They plan to file a lawsuit as early as next week to force the district attorney to force such an inquest . If this process ends with a ruling Kendrick Johnson 's death was a homicide , not an accident , then authorities would logically reopen their investigation . And with that , the Johnsons hope , they 'll find out who is responsible . Maybe then they 'll see the full surveillance footage from the school gymnasium that winter day , which might show whether anyone else was there with Kendrick Johnson . And maybe they 'll find out who stuffed newspaper in place of the teenager 's internal organs . GBI spokeswoman Sherry Lang said the organs were placed in Johnson 's body before it was sent to a funeral home . The funeral home 's owner , Antonio Harrington , wrote to the family that his firm never received the teen 's organs , claiming they were "  discarded by the prosecutor . " Jacquelyn Johnson says the family is committed to keeping Kendrick 's spirit alive . They held a party this week to mark what would have been his 18th birthday . And Jacquelyn Johnson says she still talks to him , up in heaven , to "  tell him that I love him and I missed him . " Asked why she does , the mother said , "  It just gives me more motivation to keep fighting for him -- until we get justice . " Kendrick Johnson 's death was not accidental , family 's autopsy finds CNN 's Victor Blackwell contributed to this report .	Kendrick Johnson , 17 , was found dead in a rolled-up mat a high school gym Authorities closed the case on him , saying his death was an accident His parents believe otherwise ; they say a second autopsy proves it The Johnsons are pushing for a coroner 's inquest , reopening the case
CNN  -- The World Health Organization raised the swine flu alert Thursday to its highest level , saying the H1N1 virus has spread to enough countries to be considered a global pandemic . Kindergarten students , some wearing masks , attend school in a residential estate in Hong Kong on Thursday . Increasing the alert to Phase 6 does not mean that the disease is deadlier or more dangerous than before , just that it has spread to more countries , the WHO said . "  This is an important and challenging day for all of us , " WHO Director General Margaret Chan said in a briefing with reporters . "  We are moving into the early days of the first flu pandemic of the 21st century . " The last previous pandemic occurred in 1968 . As of Thursday , the virus had spread to 74 countries , the health agency said . There were 28,774 confirmed cases and 144 deaths . The United States had 13,217 cases and 27 deaths , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said June 5 in its weekly update . Cases have been reported in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico . See where H1N1 flu cases are in the U.S. " The U.S. death toll is expected be higher when the CDC releases its latest figures Friday , said Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . New England -- particularly Massachusetts -- and the New York and New Jersey areas have been hit the hardest , Schuchat said Thursday at a CDC news conference . The Phase 6 pandemic designation had been widely expected for weeks . "  Further spread is considered inevitable , " Chan said at a news conference at WHO headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . "  The scientific criteria for an influenza pandemic have been met . " The announcement came after a meeting of the WHO 's Emergency Committee , which has debated since April whether the spread of a novel H1N1 flu virus was fast and widespread enough to warrant a Phase 6 designation . Phase 6 , Chan said , is meant as a signal to countries to recalibrate their strategies to minimize the harm from swine flu . In countries where the virus and the response to it are already widespread , it is not likely to mean significant changes , but Chan urged countries that have not seen cases , or seen only limited cases , to get ready . "  The virus is not stoppable , " she said . "  I would advise them to maintain vigilance , enhance surveillance and be prepared for the arrival of the novel H1N1 in their country . " The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Homeland Security said those agencies have been acting for weeks as if Phase 6 were already in effect and no additional measures would be put into effect . The United States declared a public health emergency April 26 . "  WHO continues to recommend no restriction on travel and on border closures , " Chan said . Discussions about shifting to Phase 6 have been under way for weeks . Chan indicated that a major factor in the decision was surveillance from countries in the Southern Hemisphere , where flu season is under way . In Chile and Australia , two countries with many flu cases , she said H1N1 appears to be the dominant strain , "  crowding out " the seasonal influenza virus . Chan said she would recommend that vaccine manufacturers proceed with mass production of an inoculation against the new swine flu strain as soon as they finish production of seasonal vaccine , which she estimated would be complete in about two weeks . HHS spokesman Bill Hall said Thursday that no decision has been made on full-scale production because there is no need yet to make that decision . It is a step-by-step process that is moving forward . "  We 're doing as much as we can now , " he said . The agency awarded a contract several weeks ago to five manufacturers to develop an H1N1 antigen . The companies are producing pilot lots . Clinical testing will take place over the summer , Hall said . At the end of the summer , HHS will decide whether to go into production . "  There 's no specific date on the calendar , " Hall said . If officials decide to produce a vaccine , the first doses would be ready early in the fall . Hall noted that even full-scale production does n't mean there will be an immunization campaign . Federal officials may have a vaccine and decide not to use it , he said . Also Thursday , authorities in Hong Kong ordered the closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens and day care centers in the city after 12 students were found to be infected with the virus . Authorities have not determined the source of the infection , said Hong Kong 's Chief Executive Donald Tsang . This makes it the first cluster of swine flu cases in the city without a link to someone who had traveled overseas . The schools and day care centers were told to close for 14 days as investigators tried to identify the source of the infection , said Tsang , the chief executive . The health department will decide after two weeks whether to continue the shutdown . Also on Thursday , Israel 's health ministry announced that the number of people diagnosed with swine flu there was 68 . Health officials use the virus ' clinical name -- H1N1 -- to reflect that it 's actually a combination of several different types of flu and to reduce confusion about whether eating pork can spread the virus . It can not . CNN 's David S. Martin , Roya Shadravan in Hong Kong , and Michal Zippori in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	Further spread of swine flu inevitable , World Health Organization says WHO calls H1N1 a global pandemic , raises alert to highest level U.N. agency says that does n't mean disease is worse , but that it 's in more countries Hong Kong orders closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens , day care centers
When it comes to Iran and the West , the relationship has been convoluted for decades . And this deal is no different . After days of negotiations , six world powers and Tehran reached an agreement that calls on Iran to limit its nuclear activities in return for lighter sanctions . It 's complicated politics coupled with complicated science . Here 's a quick primer to get you up to speed . How did Iran 's nuclear program start ? The United States launched a nuclear program with Iran in 1957 . Back then , the Shah ruled Iran and the two countries were still friends . With backing from the United States , Iran started developing its nuclear power program in the 1970s . But the U.S. pulled its support when the Shah was overthrown during the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . Who are these ` six world powers ' ? The talks involved the P5 +1 group comprising diplomats from the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council : U.S. , UK , France , Russia and China , plus Germany -- and of course Iran . The group has been meeting in Geneva for days in hopes of reaching a diplomatic solution . Read the deal  . PDF Is Iran the only nation with a nuclear program ? No . Eight nations are known to have nuclear weapons , including all the P5 countries . Nearby Israel has always declined to confirm whether it has any , although the Federation of American Scientists estimates it has about 80 atomic weapons . But since the 1979 revolution , concerns have escalated that Iran could enrich uranium and make atomic weapons . Iran has maintained its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes . Why have the other nations not faced as much scrutiny ? For nations such as India and Pakistan , no action was taken partly because they never signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons . "  There was very little that the U.S. could 've done to stop Pakistan , " says Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Iran , on the other hand , signed the treaty . And as a result , its program was put under the spotlight . In addition , the International Atomic Energy Agency had information suggesting Iran conducted activities it has n't declared in the past . Fareed Zakaria : What critics are getting wrong about the Iran deal Why is Iran 's nuclear program considered such a threat ? Since its revolution , the West has worried Iran could use its nuclear program to produce atomic weapons using highly-enriched uranium . A decade ago , nuclear inspectors from the international agency announced they had found traces of highly-enriched uranium at a plant in Natanz . Iran temporarily halted enrichment , but resumed enriching again in 2006 , insisting enrichment was allowed under its agreement with the IAEA . Enough with the background . Let 's talk about the deal that was reached . It 's more of an interim agreement before the deal . Described as an initial , six-month deal , the White House says it includes "  substantial limitations that will help prevent Iran from creating a nuclear weapon . " In short , it slows the country 's nuclear development program in exchange for lifting some sanctions while a more formal agreement is worked out . It 's not permanent , so why is it a big deal ? For years , Iran and Western powers have left negotiating tables in disagreement , frustration and open animosity . But the diplomatic tone changed after Iran 's election this year , which saw President Hassan Rouhani take over . "  For the first time in nearly a decade , we have halted the progress of the Iranian nuclear program , " U.S. President Barack Obama says . What about the stockpiles Iran already has ? As part of the deal , Iran will be required to dilute its stockpile of uranium that had been enriched to 20 % . While uranium is n't bomb-grade until it 's enriched to 90 % purity , "  once you 're at 20 % , you 're about 80 % of the way there , " Hibbs says . The deal also mandates Iran halt all enrichment above 5 % and dismantle the technical equipment required to do that . Before the end of the initial phase of the deal , all its stockpiles should be diluted below 5 % or converted to a form not suitable for further enrichment , the deal states . Breaking down the deal Why 5 % ? Iran consistently says it 's enriching uranium and building nuclear reactors only for peaceful civilian energy needs . Nuclear power plants use uranium that is enriched to 5 % . It 's the fuel that the plants use to generate electricity . What else will Iran have to do ? Iran would also have to cut back on constructing new centrifuges and enrichment facilities , and freeze essential work on its heavy-water reactor under development at Arak . That facility could be used as a source of plutonium -- a second pathway to a nuclear bomb . The reactor under construction southwest of Tehran had been a sticking point in earlier negotiations . What 's a centrifuge ? It 's a mechanism used to enrich uranium . How will we know Iran is living up to its end of the deal ? Iran is expected to provide daily access to inspectors from the international agency , IAEA . The inspectors will be expected to visit centrifuge assembly and storage facilities , uranium mills and the Arak reactor , among others . The P5 +1 and Iran will also form a joint task force on the issue . What if it does n't fulfill its commitment ? The international community will add more sanctions -- and pressure . One agreement , wildly different reactions What 's in it for Iran ? Billions of dollars . As part of preliminary steps , the world powers involved in the talks will provide "  limited , temporary , targeted , and reversible relief to Iran . " The deal calls for no new nuclear-related sanctions in the six-month period if Iran keeps its end of the bargain . The world powers will also suspend sanctions on various items , including gold and petrochemical exports . That suspension will provide Iran with about $ 1.5 billion in revenue , according to the White House . Sanctions relief will also target other areas , including government funds from restricted Iranian accounts for its students in other countries . But the White House says the $ 7 billion in total relief is just a small fraction . "  The vast majority of Iran 's approximately $ 100 billion in foreign exchange holdings are inaccessible or restricted by sanctions , " it says . What 's not in the deal ? A better deal would have included Iranians shipping out their highly enriched uranium to be converted elsewhere , says Aaron David Miller , vice president of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  It would have been better ... if Iran had much more of their nuclear infrastructure put out of use . But that 's the deal they got . " How did the sanctions come to be ? Seven years ago , the U.N. Security Council passed sanctions against Iran for failing to suspend its nuclear program . Sanctions that initially targeted Iran 's nuclear capability expanded to include bans on arms sales , Iranian oil and certain financial institutions , including the country 's central bank . This has crippled its economy and made Iran a pariah in the international community . Oil revenues have plummeted , and the local currency had dropped 80 % in value by 2012 . Iranians have faced spiraling inflation and layoffs . Opinion : Iran deal a risk worth taking Why is n't Israel applauding the deal ? The two nearby countries and archrivals have been at each other 's throats for years . Israel says it has the most to lose if Iran develops a nuclear bomb . It has repeatedly warned the West to tread warily when dealing with Tehran . And Israeli lawmakers are not happy that their greatest ally , the United States , has disregarded their warning and struck an interim deal with Iran . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the agreement a "  historic mistake " that his country is n't bound by . So much tension between Iran and Israel , why ? It was n't always this way . After the birth of Israel in 1948 , the two nations enjoyed a "  honeymoon " that lasted until just before the 1979 revolution , says David Menashri , professor emeritus of Tel Aviv University . Israel even supplied weapons to Iran to help it fight their common enemy , Iraq . But the Islamic revolution that overthrew the Shah marked a turning point . The Islamic republic , led by Shiite clerics in the predominantly Shiite nation , saw Israel as an illegitimate state with no right to exist , certainly not amid Muslim nations . Years later , Israel began to regard Iran and its support of global terror as a chief threat . Those concerns escalated when international inspectors found traces of highly enriched uranium at a power plant in Iran . Kerry : Israel is safe under new deal Who else is unhappy ? Saudi Arabia . It 's a majority Sunni country . Iran is majority Shiite . Saudi Arabia , like Israel , is troubled by Iran 's growing clout in the Middle East . "  The Saudi government has been very concerned about these negotiations with Iran and unhappy at the prospect of a deal with Iran , " a Saudi government official who is not authorized to speak to the media told CNN . So , will this interim deal work ? There are no perfect agreements . And the success of any interim deal will be measured "  in months and years , not in minutes , " says Karim Sadjadpour of the Carnegie Endowment . Whether Iran is serious about mothballing its nuclear ambitions remains to be seen . There may be sizable obstacles that are n't yet apparent . There are certainly aspects where the deal stopped short . For now , Miller says , do n't break open the champagne bottles just yet . President Obama 's legacy moment on Iran	U.S. pulled support of Iran 's nuclear program during Islamic Revolution Since the revolution , the West has worried Iran may produce atomic weapons France , U.S. , UK , Russia , China , Germany -- and Iran -- have been negotiating deal The deal slows Iran 's program in exchange for lighter sanctions
CNN  -- YouTube has a new boss and she has a "  healthy disregard for the impossible " -- according to Google CEO Larry Page . In that case , 45-year-old Susan Wojcicki has quite the job ahead of her . Not least of which , trying to work out how the video-sharing giant should display advertising on its website -- and get online viewers to watch it . Before she was head of YouTube , Wojcicki was senior vice president of advertising and commerce at Google -- the company , which instead of trying to compete with the popular video-sharing website , decided to buy it for $ 1.65 billion in 2006 . Ok , so apart from disregarding impossible things , what do we know about the highest-ranking woman at Google ? Tip : there 's your first clue . Google started in her garage . Cast your mind back to 1998 . Steve Jobs had just introduced the world 's first iMac , the internet still had a dial-up tone , and a couple of computer-savvy Stanford University students were setting up a search engine in Wojcicki 's Californian garage . Those students were Sergey Brin and Larry Page , and their search engine would eventually become the multi-billion dollar global technology company we know today : Google . She 's part of the Google dynasty . Since she first rented her garage to Brin and Page to help pay her mortgage 16 years ago , Wojcicki has been deeply rooted in the Google Dynasty -- yep , such a thing exists . She was the 16th person they hired and is married to fellow Google executive Dennis Troper . Her younger sister Anne married Google co-founder Sergey Brin , and her teacher and journalist mother Esther has consulted the company on education issues . She was four months pregnant when she joined Google . Wojcicki 's friends told her she was crazy when she left her job at Intel to join the start-up company while pregnant with her first child . Today , Wojcicki says it was one of the best decisions of her life . Family remains incredibly important to the mother-of-four , who always tries to be home in time for dinner and tells colleagues not to contact her between 6pm and 9pm when she 's with her children . As a kid she wanted to be an artist . "  In some ways I think that 's what actually led me to technology , " Wojcicki told Makers.com . "  I thought : ` This is like a new way of making things . ' " One of three sisters , her father is Stanford University physics professor , Stanley Wojcicki , and her mother is journalist and educator , Esther Wojcicki . Susan is also a huge supporter of girls in technology -- you can read her open letter on the subject here . She 's behind Google Images and Google Books . When Wojcicki joined Google in 1999 , she became the company 's first marketing manager , later leading the initial development of high-profile projects like Google Images and Google books . As senior vice president of advertising and commerce , she was responsible for the company 's advertising products -- accounting for 87 % of its revenues in 2012 . And when Google bought YouTube eight years ago , she was right behind it -- which seems all the more fitting , considering her new position .	Meet Susan Wojcicki : the new head of YouTube Rented her garage to Google founders back in 1998 Helped start Google Images and Google Books Mother-of-four makes sure she spends every evening with family
CNN  -- Kia Scherr could n't reach her husband and daughter after the terror attacks in Mumbai , India , and did n't know if they were alive . Alan Scherr , 58 , died in the attack on the Oberoi hotel in Mumbai , his wife , Kia , confirms . She learned on Friday that her husband , Alan Scherr , 58 , and 13-year-old daughter , Naomi , were killed in the assault on the Oberoi hotel . Scherr told CNN that a U.S. consular official confirmed the deaths after members of the group they were traveling with identified the bodies . Naomi and Alan Scherr had come to Mumbai with a travel group for a high-tech meditation retreat with the Synchronicity Foundation , she said . They had been there since November 17 and were due to leave Monday . The Synchronicity Foundation , a meditation group near Charlottesville , Virginia , has posted a message on its Web site saying that the Scherrs were killed at the Oberoi . Kia Scherr said she knew Thursday that her husband and daughter were dining in the Oberoi hotel restaurant when shots rang out . But she had held out hope that they were OK . Her son , Aaron Butler , had filed iReports looking for information about his stepfather and sister . A Synchronicity spokeswoman said the Scherrs were among 25 members of the group who were visiting India . The other Synchronicity people who were staying at the Oberoi "  are accounted for and safe , " the group 's Web site said . iReport.com : Where you there ? The coordinated attacks on Mumbai frightened and concerned iReport contributors all over the world . Some were in Mumbai , and others have loved ones there . Watch as an iReporter describes the scene in Mumbai " Biswa Dash , an iReporter , says he was on the phone with his wife while she was in her room at the Oberoi during the attacks . His wife works for Hewitt Associates and was on a short-term assignment in Mumbai . Aparna Dash managed to escape her 26th-floor room and take cover in a parking lot , her husband said . "  Believe me , I was sitting at home completely helpless , " Biswa Dash said from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . iReport.com : Read about Dash 's ordeal At one point , Dash could not get hold of his wife . She briefly called to tell him that her cell phone 's battery was low . Dash sent text messages to his wife about every 30 minutes to check on her . Finally , she made it to safety and went to stay in a colleague 's home in Mumbai , Dash said . Aparna Dash later caught a flight back to New Delhi , where she had been working , according to her husband . iReporter Andrea , an American tourist who asked CNN not to use her last name , had just eaten breakfast on Wednesday at the Taj Mahal hotel , another one of the sites targeted in the terror attacks . She and her family are in Mumbai for her brother 's wedding . Andrea has been staying in a hotel nearby the Taj and was close enough to hear the attacks Wednesday night , she said . iReport.com : Take a look at what Andrea saw "  Over the course of the night , we heard maybe three explosions , some emergency vehicles , sirens , " she said . "  For the most part , the street was really quiet . " The strong military presence on the street provided her some comfort , she said .	After anxious wait , Kia Scherr learns husband , daughter were killed in Mumbai , India iReporters in Mumbai describe scenes of deadly attacks From Pennsylvania , husband says , "  I was sitting at home completely helpless " iReport.com : Are you there ? Tell your story
CNN  -- Cara Cox was just 8 years old when she was taken by her father after a weekend visit , authorities say . It took more than four years for her to return to central Florida . Cara was in the legal custody of her mother , Jodie Borchert , when she vanished in August 2009 . "  The arrangement was that he would drop the child off at a day care , and then she would go to day care and pick the child up , " said Brandon Haught , a public information officer for the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office . Aaron Cox never dropped Cara off at day care . They both vanished from Deltona . A missing persons report was filed for Cara , and an arrest warrant was issued for Cox , who was charged with interference with child custody , the Sheriff 's Office said . For nearly four years , the Sheriff 's Office said , there were "  no viable leads " in the case . But deputies remained hopeful that Cara would be found . On Mother 's Day of this year , Borchert posted to her Facebook page that she missed her daughter "  more than words could say . " She also asked Facebook friends to share a photo of how Cara could look now , at age 12 . A break in the case came the next day , May 12 , when a tip from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children led authorities to a remote area of Hidalgo state in Mexico , two hours outside Mexico City , the Sheriff 's Office said . On Friday morning , U.S. authorities went to the remote area , arrested Cox and recovered Cara . The father and daughter were almost , 1,700 miles from Cara 's home in Deltona . Investigators say they were living under aliases and had no known ties to the area . After more than four years , the wait was finally over . Cara was reunited with her mother Saturday at Miami International Airport with a "  great big smile " on her face , Haught told CNN affiliate WESH . Aaron Cox is under arrest in the Dade County Jail , WESH reported . He is waiting to be brought back to Volusia County on the interference with child custody charge . He is expected to be transferred by June 3 and is being held without bail , Volusia County officials said . The U.S. Marshals Service will meet with the U.S. Attorney 's Office to see what federal charges , if any , could be filed . WESH reports that Cara and Borchert have been celebrating in private since she came back to Deltona . After 18 years , a missing son emerges in Mexico , reunites with father	Cara Cox was 8 years old when she and her father vanished from Deltona , Florida , in 2009 Cara was listed as missing ; her father , Aaron Cox , was charged with child custody interference For years , there were "  no viable leads " in the case , but a break came last week , police say On Friday , U.S. authorities arrested Cox and recovered Cara in a remote area in Mexico
If you are traveling today , you may want to check with your airline . Thousands of flights into and out of Chicago 's two airports have been delayed or canceled since a fire damaged a key Chicago air traffic control center Friday , creating flight problems that rippled across the nation . Aviation authorities say it will take at least two weeks to get the center back to normal . One airport affected , O'Hare International , is the world 's second-busiest airport . Long lines of stranded passengers have been clogging Chicago airports all weekend . O'Hare was operating at 60 % of its capacity Monday , according to the Chicago Department of Aviation , while Midway International Airport was at 75 % . As of Monday morning , at least 300 flights had been canceled at O'Hare . The FAA hopes to have the center in Aurora , Illinois , repaired and returned to full service by October 13 , the agency said Sunday . Other control centers have handled many of the Chicago flights while repairs are made . Police say Friday 's blaze was set intentionally by Brian Howard , a contract employee at the facility , before he apparently attempted to kill himself . According to an affidavit , first responders found smoke when they arrived in the basement of the control center after a 911 call about 5:40 a.m. Friday . They also found blood on the floor . They followed the trail and found two knives and a lighter and then Howard himself , who was in the process of cutting his throat , according to the affidavit . The paramedics took a knife from him and began to treat Howard , who told them to leave him alone . Howard was taken to a hospital in Aurora . Howard remained hospitalized Monday , according to Randall Samborn , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Chicago . He 's charged with one count of destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities , a felony that could bring a 20-year prison sentence . No court date has been set . Howard , 36 , had worked at the center for eight years but was facing a transfer to Hawaii , according to an affidavit filed in U.S. district court in Illinois , obtained by CNN affiliate WLS . The affidavit quoted a Facebook post 's of Howard 's : "  Take a hard look at the mirror , I have . And this is why I am about to take out ... and my life ... I am sorry . Leaving you with a big mess . Do your best to move on quickly from me please . Feel like I give a shit for the first time in a long time again ... but not for too long  haha !  So I 'm gon na smoke this blunt and move on , take care everyone . " The FAA will launch an internal review of security protocols at its facilities , its administrator said Monday . "  If we need to make changes as a result of what happened on Friday to improve the system , we will not hesitate to do so , " Michael Huerta said . "  We need to be looking at everything ... from the people that we employ through our contractors , all the way through all the processes that we use -- how they have access to our facilities and what kind of monitoring takes place within those facilities . That 's all on the table , " he said . Huerta told CNN that background checks on Howard had not identified any potential problems , and so he wants investigators to look into that vetting process too . "  Are there things that we need to do differently ? Immediately , it 's more eyes , more resources , and more frequent check-ins with facilities , but over the long term , if there are things that we identify that we should change , we 're certainly going to change them , " the administrator said . Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois is calling for an investigation into whether security was breached . The suspect was able to enter the facility with a black suitcase without raising any red flags , officials have said . CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said the FAA has to take a second look at who has access to critical facilities . "  You have to make sure you have a system in place to evaluate your contract employees , because remember , the Federal Aviation Administration ... huge percent of their employees are contract employees , " she said . Most of the air traffic controllers are FAA employees , she added . After the fire , air traffic controllers initially had to transfer flight data manually rather than by computer , said Doug Church , spokesman for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . Church said the fire damaged the telecom line that transfers flight plans from the airlines to the O'Hare control tower and then to the Aurora control center . Airlines had to fax flight plans to the control tower , he said . Because so much information had to be manually transferred , two controllers were needed for each position . The effects of the fire were immediate . O'Hare International is a hub for United Airlines and other major carriers . When controllers stop flights scheduled to land or depart from there , it has the potential to trigger a line of falling air-traffic dominoes that will ruin travel plans for countless would-be passengers . The FAA says it 's bringing in extra technicians to replace the damaged communications network in the building , officially called the Chicago En Route Center . "  Teams will be working around the clock to install equipment , run cable and restore network connections at the facility , " the FAA said . The FAA said over the weekend that it was managing the air traffic into and out of Chicago "  through other large Terminal Radar Approach Control  TRACON  facilities in Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin with additional help from high-altitude centers in Minnesota , Kansas , Indiana and Ohio . "	FAA administrator : "  We need to be looking at everything " O'Hare International Airport is still operating at 60 % capacity Police say fire was set by an employee before he apparently tried to kill himself FAA hopes to return Chicago air traffic center to full service by October 13
Mashable  -- Ca n't wait until Friday to check out the latest installment of the "  Harry Potter " film series ? Well , if you have any knowledge of torrent sites at all , you should be able to view the first 36 minutes today , as a goodly chunk of the film has leaked online . The leak comes one day after the New York City premiere of the film . According to TorrentFreak , the beginning of "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows "  the first installment of the two-part finale  is currently available on dozens of torrent sites . A quick search by the staff of Mashable proved this to be true . Statement from Warner Bros. . Entertainment on leak This news is sure to cause a frenzy among Potter fans -- TorrentFreak reports that "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " scored a spot on its "  most pirated movies " list with nearly 8 million downloads last year . The book version of "  Deathly Hallows " also leaked -- back in 2007 . So why is the cinematic leak only 36 minutes long ? TorrentFreak postulates that Warner Bros. . Pictures feared a leak , so it limited the time of the screeners to ensure that the whole film did n't make it to the web . Seeing as how the clip has hit the internet mere days before the premiere , we doubt it will have a negative effect on box office sales come Friday -- unless , of course , those first 36 minutes are irrevocably horrible . The last time we saw a leak of this magnitude was probably that of "  Wolverine , " which leaked a month early last year yet was still a box office success . What effect do you think the "  Potter " leak will have on opening night ?  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The beginning of the new "  Harry Potter " movie is currently available on dozens of torrent sites Last year 's "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " is one of the most pirated movies The book version of the new movie , which hits theaters Friday , also leaked back in 2007
CNN  -- The sweet aroma of blossoming orange trees wafts through the air as a white-haired figure moves slowly along the green-choked path . Aided by a yard stick , 85-year-old Sam Motsuenyane walks through his citrus orchard in South Africa 's Winterveldt area , occasionally stopping to check the lush fruits hanging from the trees . The scene strikes a sharp contrast to what the veteran agriculturalist encountered when he returned to the area in early 2000 to retire following a successful career as a South African diplomat and leading banker . Weeds and bushes had reclaimed the deserted plots as much of the land laid fallow and under-utilized due to lack of resources and the local farmers ' economic hardship . "  I decided that something had to be done and with my agricultural background , I thought I could perhaps initiate something that could help the people , " says Motsuenyane . As a result , the farming pioneer , whose first business was a plant nursery in 1963 , embarked on a mission to show small plot owners how to lift themselves out of poverty by growing orange trees on a commercial scale . See also : Agriculture ` next big thing ' in Africa , says World Bank expert He drummed up private sector financial support to buy orange trees and in 2002 he launched the Winterveldt Citrus Project , a community initiative which enables small holders to make a living and become self-sufficient by training them how to work the land . So far , the project has helped to set up some 100 small farms . "  He helped us a lot , we did n't know anything about oranges , " says Pauline Lueba , a smallholder who today earns a steady income by selling the oranges from her 800 trees to major retail chains across South Africa . "  There 's enough income , I can manage to pay my helpers , we even eat there and buy fertilizers with that money , " she adds . Commercial farming is a major industry in South Africa -- it distributes produce all over the world while Johannesburg 's fruit market sells about a million tons of goods every year . But the picture is quite different in other parts of the continent -- more than two-thirds of African countries are net importers of agricultural products , with the continent importing $ 50 billion worth of food every year , according to U.N. figures . See also : Africa can feed itself in a generation Geoffrey Livingston , regional economist for the eastern and southern Africa division at the International Fund for Agricultural Development says these mass imports represent a "  huge missed opportunity for African producers . " "  This is related to very poor yields in a lot of African countries that make it a requirement for countries to go out of their borders and go outside of the continent to meet food requirements for their people , " he says . They are views echoed by Microsoft chairman Bill Gates who wrote in his 2012 letter , "  Given the central role that food plays in human welfare and national stability , it is shocking - not to mention short-sighted and potentially dangerous - how little money is spent on agricultural research . " On the whole , only 3.5 % of Africa 's arable land is irrigated and about 9 % of world fertilizer is used in the continent , according to the U.N. Livingston says the low levels of African productivity are linked to a lack of investment in agriculture by African governments and donor organizations over the last two decades . He notes , however , that a change is taking place now . "  In the last three or four years there 's been a renaissance of interest by those African governments and donors regarding the critical role agriculture plays in economic development , " he says . "  We are seeing that African governments are now spending more for basic research , for applied research , extension services and we feel there will be a pay-off in the medium-term for this increased investment . " Read more : ` Silent crisis ' as food prices fuel hunger in Kenya Livingston also calls governments across the continent to focus their efforts on improving transport infrastructure in order to boost productivity . "  Thirty-four per cent of sub-Saharan Africans live more than five hours away from a market town of 5,000 people , " he says . "  Increasing market access to particularly improve field roads and improve access to electricity for processing is absolutely fundamental to improving agricultural productivity and increasing economic growth in these countries . " Back in the Winterveldt fields , Motsuenyane also calls on South African leaders to take a greater role in encouraging people to work on the land . "  The government has to do a great deal to rekindle the enthusiasm which once existed in agriculture , " Motsuenyane , who ran the first black-owned bank in post-Apartheid South Africa , says . Passionate about farming , Motsuenyane believes it 's smallholdings that have the potential to revitalize communities and help curb South Africa 's soaring levels of unemployment . "  If we do not create sufficient employment opportunities in our country we will certainly end up in a very terrible situation , " he says . "  We must skill the black people to use that land in a way that can enable them to become job creators as well as contributors to the development of the country . "	A community initiative in South Africa helps poor farmers make a living by growing trees More than two-thirds of African countries are net importers of agricultural products Experts call African governments to invest in agriculture research and infrastructure
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British TV channel was scheduled to air a controversial documentary Wednesday night showing a terminally ill man committing assisted suicide . Craig Ewert dictates a letter to his children before leaving for his assisted suicide in Switzerland . The film follows retired university professor Craig Ewert during the last four days of his life in 2006 , when he visited a Swiss clinic with his wife , Mary , in order to die . The 59-year-old suffered from motor neurone disease  MND  , which deprived him of the use of his arms and legs and caused him to be on a ventilator , Mary Ewert told The Independent . MND destroys the body 's motor nerves , eventually resulting in paralysis . Most sufferers die within five years of diagnosis although scientist Stephen Hawking has survived with the disease for more than 40 years . "  Right to Die : The Suicide Tourist " shows Ewert lying in a rented Zurich apartment , where an employee of the clinic prepares a lethal dose of drugs for Ewert to drink . As the camera rolls , and with his wife by his side , Craig Ewert then closes his eyes and dies . Mary Ewert said her husband wanted his death to be filmed in order to show that a terminal illness does not have to result in a painful death . "  For Craig , my husband , allowing the cameras to film his last moments in Zurich was about facing the end of life honestly , " she told The Independent . Watch more about the case " "  He was keen to have it shown because when death is hidden and private , people do n't face their fears about it . They do n't acknowledge that it is going to happen , they do n't reflect on it , they do n't want to face it . That 's the taboo . " What 's your view ? Click here to comment Ewert was an American who lived in North Yorkshire , England with his wife . In a clip on the Web site of British satellite channel Sky Real Lives , which planned to air the documentary , he dictates an e-mail to his son and daughter in America . "  I truly expect that death is the end , that there is no everlasting soul , no afterlife , " Ewert says . "  This is a journey that we all must make at some time . I would hope that this is not a cause of major distress to those who love me and I expect that my dear sweet wife will have the greatest loss , as we have been together for 37 years in the deepest intimacy . " Read explainer about assisted suicide The scheduled airing of the documentary provoked controversy in Britain . It was featured on the front pages of several newspapers , with the Daily Mirror asking in bold letters , "  Is this an insight into the issue of euthanasia or just a cynical attempt to boost ratings ? " The production company behind the film says it explores the difficult choices made by patients and families of those who commit assisted suicide . " ` The Suicide Tourist will take the audience on a journey they could only have imagined , and will not forget , " Point Grey Pictures says on its Web site . Oscar-winning Canadian filmmaker John Zaritsky made the documentary with the family 's permission and gained rare access to the Dignitas clinic in Zurich , where Ewert died . Mary Ewert told The Independent that she was "  very happy " with how the film turned out . Opponents of assisted suicide said , however , the film was cheap voyeurism . "  I think it 's reducing somebody 's death to a kind of reality show , a peep show . I think it 's very cheap , " said Phyllis Bowman , executive director of Right to Life . Bowman said she feared the film would encourage the idea of assisted suicide . That was echoed by Care Not Killing , an alliance of human rights , disability rights , and health care groups . "  The disproportionate media coverage given to a very small handful of persistent people , desperate to end their lives , creates the false impression that there is a growing demand for assisted dying , " Care Not Killing said in a statement on its Web site . The group said more attention should be paid to palliative care for dying people , rather than assisted dying . It is against the law in the United Kingdom to help someone commit suicide , and it can bring a prison sentence of as long as 14 years . Recent court cases have sought clarity on the law , however , saying it does not specify at what point assistance begins . Swiss law says only that helping someone commit suicide must not be for personal gain .	Assisted suicide of 59-year-old Briton Craig Ewert sceduled to be shown on TV Ewert , a motor neurone disease sufferer , went to Swiss assisted suicide clinic Assisted suicide is illegal in Britain and carries 14-year prison term No one in the UK has been prosecuted under the 1961 Suicide Act
CNN  -- A judge has sided with Virginia Tech and overturned a $ 55,000 fine , ruling that the school did not violate a law requiring it to notify students in a "  timely manner " about threats during a 2007 campus rampage . The shooting , which left 33 people including the gunman dead , started at West Ambler Johnston dormitory with the death of two students . They were the first victims of Seung-Hui Cho , who went on to kill 30 more people at Norris Hall -- home to the Engineering Science and Mechanics Department -- after chaining the doors closed . He also wounded 17 people before killing himself . At question was whether the school gave appropriate warning to students after the dormitory shooting . According to a Department of Education report , police went to the dormitory at 7:24 a.m. . The university notified students , faculty and staff of the shooting in an e-mail at 9:26 a.m. , the report said . About 15 minutes after the e-mail was sent , Cho began his rampage . "  This was not an unreasonable amount of time in which to issue a warning . Yes , the warning could have gone out sooner , and in hindsight , it is beyond regretful that it did not . However , if the later shooting at Norris Hall had not occurred , it is doubtful that the timing of the e-mail would have been perceived as too late , " read the decision , issued Thursday . Administrative Judge Ernest Canellos dismissed the $ 55,000 fine , levied for two alleged violations of the Clery Act , a federal law related to campus safety . The school had been fined for failing to provide a "  timely " warning and for failing to follow policy . Virginia Tech welcomed the decision Friday . "  While we are satisfied with the ruling that overturns the department 's finding , there is no glee . A horrendous event happened on this campus almost five years ago . Profound sadness remains . We continue to grieve for the families of victims killed or injured by a deranged young man , " associate vice president for university relations Lawrence Hincker said in a statement . The Department of Education , meanwhile , said it would consider its options and continue to work with Virginia Tech and other schools to improve safety . The decision could be appealed to Education Secretary Arne Duncan . "  We are aware of the ruling , and the Department 's Office of Federal Student Aid is considering its options . At the end of the day , we all agree that the most important thing we can do as a country is to put safeguards and protections in place that will help prevent a tragedy like this from occurring again , " spokesman Justin Hamilton said . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	The $ 55,000 fine was for two alleged violations of the Clery Act Law requires schools to notify students in a "  timely manner " about threats A student shot and killed 32 people before killing himself in the 2007 rampage
CNN  -- Dubai could lose its place on the Women 's Tennis Association Tour calendar after Israeli Shahar Peer was denied entry to compete at this week 's event , the WTA supremo warned Monday . Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday , just before her scheduled flight to Dubai . Peer was scheduled to fly into the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , but was informed Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa . WTA Chairman and CEO Larry Scott said the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour "  will review appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Scott added : "  The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly , and has a clear rule and policy , that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking . " Peer , who had just finished playing in the Pattaya Open in Thailand , where she reached the semifinal , said she is "  very , very disappointed " to have been denied the opportunity to play in Dubai . "  They really stopped my momentum because now I 'm not going to play for two weeks and because they waited for the last minute I could n't go to another tournament either , " Peer said from Tel Aviv . "  So it 's very disappointing , and I think it 's not fair . " Watch Peer describe her disappointment " Scott , meanwhile , confirmed : "  Following various consultations , the Tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the Tour 's Board of Directors . "  Ms. Peer and her family are obviously extremely upset and disappointed by the decision of the UAE and its impact on her personally and professionally , and the Tour is reviewing appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer . " Scott said Peer 's visa refusal has precedence : Last year an Israeli men 's doubles team was denied entry to Dubai . He said the Emirate cited security reasons following recent unrest in the region . "  At that time I was in Dubai . I made it clear to the authorities , the representatives of the government , that next year when our top players wanted to play this very prestigious tournament all of them had to be allowed to play , " Scott said . "  They had a year to work on it and solve it . We 've spent time through the year discussing it . We were given assurances that it had gone to the highest levels of government , " Scott said . "  I was optimistic they would solve it . And we 've made crystal clear to the government , to the tournament organizers that there could be grave repercussions not just for tennis in the UAE but sports beyond that . " Watch CNN 's interview with Larry Scott " The Dubai government issued a short statement through the state-owned news agency , saying that Peer was informed while in Thailand that she would not receive a visa . The agency quoted an official source in the organizing committee saying , "  The tournament is sponsored by several national organizations and they all care to be part of a successful tournament , considering the developments that the region had been through . " Earlier an official source who did not want to be named , said , "  We should check what happened in New Zealand , when Peer was playing there with all the demonstrations against Israel during the attacks on Gaza . We have to consider securing the players and the tournament . " In January , a small group of about 20 protestors waved placards and shouted anti-Israel slogans outside the main entrance to the ASB Classic tournament in Auckland . They were moved on before Peer played her match . The Israeli player said she 's received phone calls of support from her fellow players . " ` All the players support Shahar , " world No. 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times , adding , "  We are all athletes , and we stand for tennis . " Peer is uncertain of her next move . She said the last-minute decision had left her at a loose end . She said she was concerned about her points and ranking and may go to the U.S. this week to try to take part in another tournament . "  I do n't think it should happen , " she said . "  I think sport and politics needs to stay on the side and not be involved . I really hope it 's not going to happen again , not only to me but to any other athlete . " CNN Dubai bureau chief Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Israeli tennis player back in Tel Aviv after being denied entry for Dubai event Shahar Peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by UAE WTA chief Larry Scott warned Dubai tournament could lose place on calendar Scott : "  This runs counter to everything we were promised and is a setback "
CNN  -- Questions continued to swirl Thursday over the president 's decision to withdraw a pardon for a New York developer involved in a Long Island mortgage fraud scheme . President Bush withdrew the pardon of Isaac Toussie after a firestorm of criticism . Isaac Toussie , 36 , was convicted in 2001 of mail fraud and of making false statements to the Department of Housing and Urban Development that stemmed from the mortgage scheme . The White House initially announced the pardon Tuesday afternoon , immediately setting off a firestorm of criticism from angry homeowners and investors , as well as government watchdog organizations quick to note Toussie 's ties to prominent Republican officeholders . Among the questions now being asked are :  Why did n't the White House conduct a more thorough investigation of Toussie 's background ?  Why did White House Counsel Fred Fielding circumvent the typical pardon application process by directly considering Toussie 's clemency request instead of leaving it to the Justice Department ?  Did Toussie get special treatment because of his political connections ? Watch why Bush withdrew the pardon " Toussie and his father , also a developer , are defendants in a lawsuit filed in New York federal court on behalf of more than 400 minority home purchasers who allege a conspiracy involving racial steering , racketeering and fraud related to homes the Toussies built on Staten Island , attorney Peter Seidman told CNN . Seidman , a partner in a law firm representing the plaintiffs , said he was "  very pleased " with President Bush 's order for a review of the pardon . "  It -LSB- the pardon -RSB- was a bitter pill for the home purchasers to swallow , " he said . The Toussies had previously been accused of conspiring with lenders and others to build and sell substandard homes -- a charge they denied . According to a senior administration official , the White House learned new information about Toussie 's case Tuesday night -- hours after the pardon was announced . Specifically , the White House learned , according to the official , "  additional information about the nature of fraud -LSB- Toussie -RSB- carried out . " The White House also learned that Toussie 's father had made numerous contributions to leading GOP politicians . In 2008 , Toussie 's father donated almost $ 40,000 to Arizona Sen. John McCain , Minnesota Sen. Norm Coleman , Oregon Sen. Gordon Smith and Virginia Rep. Eric Cantor . White House press secretary Dana Perino issued a statement Wednesday saying that "  based on information that has subsequently come to light , " Bush had told the Justice Department 's pardon attorney not to act on the pardon extended to Toussie . Instead , Perino said , "  The president believes that the pardon attorney should have an opportunity to review this case before a decision on clemency is made . " While almost all pardon requests go through the Justice Department , the Constitution allows the president to grant a pardon or commutation to any individual for any reason . Perino said Toussie 's pardon was withdrawn before it reached the final stage of the process . The president 's request never made it to the pardon attorney , who actually executes the pardon requests . Bradford Berenson , Toussie 's lawyer , issued a statement saying Toussie "  remains confident " that the pardon attorney will find in his favor . Toussie was sentenced in September 2003 to a five-month prison sentence in the Long Island case , as well as three years of supervised release . Seidman told CNN that the plaintiffs in the lawsuit against the Toussies allege that the quality of construction in homes they bought on Staten Island was inferior to that in the model homes upon which they had based their decision to buy . They also allege that their applications were coded by race , a violation of civil rights laws , and that they were steered away from racially integrated neighborhoods to segregated neighborhoods , he said . "  I 'm baffled that Toussie was selected as a candidate for a pardon in the first place , " Seidman said . "  So I do n't know what I would say about the re-examination , other than why in the first place they thought he was worthy . " The Toussies deny the allegations in the lawsuit . An administration official noted it is rare for a pardon to be reversed . Bush 's 189 pardons and nine commutations are far fewer than those granted by Presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan in either of their two-term administrations . Bush 's planned pardon of Toussie was one of 19 presidential pardons announced earlier this week . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Elaine Quijano and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Isaac Toussie was involved in mortgage scheme in New York Answers wanted about how thorough of an investigation there was before his pardon Questions remain about whether pardon was due in part to political connections White House learned Toussie 's father made contributions to top GOP politicians
Two Brazilian sailors died and one was injured Saturday after a fire broke out at a naval research station in Antarctica , authorities reported The fire occurred at the Comandante Ferraz station on King George Island , said Adm. Julio Soares de Moura Neto , commander of the Brazilian navy . The sailors were trying to extinguish a fire that broke out in the engine room of the facility . Brazilian military police are investigating the cause . The station is home to researchers who conduct studies on the effects of climate change in Antarctica and its implications on the planet , according to the Ministry of Science and Technology and Innovation . Researchers at the base also study marine life and the atmosphere . The Brazilian navy estimated there were 32 civilians and 12 sailors at the station when the fire broke out . Remaining personnel on the base were transferred to Chilean base Eduardo Frei in southern Chile and were expected to return to Brazil some time on Monday , according to the Brazilian Foreign Ministry . According to state-run news agency Agencia Brasil , Defense Minister Celso Amorim said that the Antarctica program will continue , despite much of the station being destroyed by fire and with it , many materials and equipment used for research . He said the nation has a 30-year commitment to the project . "  The entire core base , which is where these facilities are concentrated , was lost , " said Amorim . "  The program is a source of pride for us , so let us continue . " Amorim thanked Chile , Argentina and Poland for the transport and accommodation of Brazilian personnel after the fire , Agencia Brasil reported .	Fire breaks out at Brazilian research site in Antarctica Two sailors are killed , one injured Nation remains committed to climate , other research
CNN  -- A 45-year-old man who barricaded himself in his home after allegedly shooting two rural Alaska police officers to death surrendered Monday morning and was charged with two counts of first-degree murder , authorities said . John Marvin Jr. gave up without incident around 9:30 a.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  , according to a statement from the Division of Alaska State Troopers . Hoonah , Alaska , officers Matthew Tokuoka , 39 , and Sgt. Anthony Wallace , 32 , were shot Saturday in what troopers described as an ambush . Both officers later died from their injuries . Gov. Sean Parnell ordered state flags to be lowered to half-staff Monday in honor of the fallen officers , calling their deaths "  a tragic loss for Alaska and the community of Hoonah . " "  These men had a passion for serving and protecting Alaskans and our state is better because of their commitment to excellence , " Parnell said in a statement . After the shooting , Marvin barricaded himself inside his home , according to Alaska television station KTUU . State troopers sent several special emergency response teams , and police from Juneau also deployed a tactical team , Alaska State Troopers said in a news release . The U.S. Coast Guard assisted in bringing resources into Hoonah , an Alaska Panhandle town on an island about 62 miles north of Sitka , Alaska , and 68 miles west of Juneau by ferry . "  We are thankful this incident resolved without further loss of life or injury , " Commissioner of the Department of Public Safety Joe Masters said . "  Now that this incident has resolved , the community of Hoonah can hopefully start the healing process . The shooting leaves the town of Hoonah , which has a population of about 800 people , with only one police officer -- the police chief , TV station KTUU said . State troopers were providing staffing for Hoonah police . Businesses in the area were shut down , according to KTUU , and residents were asked to stay indoors and away from the area until the standoff ended . "  We heard a gunshot and one of my co-workers looked out the window and he saw one policeman down , " witness Dirk Knehr told the television station . "  He 'd been shot , and another policeman was trying to drag him away and the suspect shot him twice . And then he just took off . " Little was known about Marvin , KTUU said . "  The only information we have is that he 's had problems with law enforcement in that community in the past , and there were some issues of stability , " Alaska State Troopers Capt. Barry Wilson told the station . The shooting occurred about 10:30 p.m. Saturday , KTUU said . Wallace began working with Hoonah police in 2008 , according to the station . He was a 2008 graduate of the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester , New York , and a former campus police officer at the school . "  Tony , who was hard-of-hearing , proved remarkable at many levels , " the institute said in a statement on its website . After joining campus police , he went on to attend the police academy , where he graduated as class valedictorian . An All-American wrestler , he was inducted into the school 's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2008 . The institute 's statement quoted from an interview Wallace did last year with the university 's news department . "  I hope that people who are in the same situation as I am see my story and begin to believe that if you put your mind to something , you can achieve it , " he said . "  Anything and everything is possible , it 's just a matter of how bad you want it and how far you are willing to go to prove to people that you are worthy of whatever career you want to pursue . " Tokuoka , a former Marine Corps staff sergeant , was a native of Hawaii who had been with Hoonah police since 2009 , KTUU said . Planning for a memorial service for the fallen officers is under way .	NEW : John Marvin Jr. is charged with two counts of first-degree murder NEW : Flags are ordered lowered to half-staff across the state Standoff began after two police officers were shot late Saturday The officers ' deaths leave the small town of Hoonah with only one officer
CNN  -- The son of former Chinese Communist leader Bo Xilai told CNN on Tuesday that he has submitted a witness statement to the defense team for his mother , who will stand trial this week in the death of a British businessman . "  As I was cited as a motivating factor for the crimes accused of my mother , I have already submitted my witness statement , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  I hope that my mother will have the opportunity to review them . " Bo Guagua did not specify what he wrote in the witness statement . Read more about the upcoming trial and its effect on China Authorities have said that Bo Guagua and his mother , Gu Kailai , had disputes with Neil Heywood over "  economic interests . " They also claim that Gu and accomplice Zhang Xiaojun poisoned Heywood in November out of concern that he posed a threat to the younger Bo 's personal security . Who is Gu Kailai ? "  I have faith that facts will speak for themselves , " Bo Guagua said of the trial , which is scheduled to take place on Thursday . If convicted , Gu could face the death penalty , but a friend of her family has told CNN her life is expected to be spared if she is convicted . Bo Guagua , 24 , graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May . He previously attended Oxford , graduating in 2010 . He came under fierce scrutiny this spring as bare-chested photos of him at college balls led to accusations of a party-boy lifestyle , fueling a long-raging debate in China about whether Chinese Communist Party leaders exploit their positions to enrich their families . In a letter to the Harvard Crimson in April , Bo Guagua denied he had ever driven a Ferrari to pick up a date and defended his academic record . "  I am deeply concerned about the events surrounding my family , " he said at the time , adding that he had no comment on the investigation . Media reports have suggested that Heywood was at one time a mentor to Bo Guagua , paving his entry into England 's elite Harrow School , from which he graduated . Heywood was found dead in his hotel room in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing , and authorities quickly blamed his death on excessive alcohol . His body was cremated without an autopsy . Timeline : Bo Xilai scandal On April 10 , authorities made the surprise announcement that Gu was being investigated on suspicion of murder , along with Zhang , a family aide . Bo Guagua 's father , Bo Xilai , was seen to be a top contender for China 's powerful Politburo Standing Committee before his career unraveled this spring after Heywood 's death . That same day in April , Bo Xilai was stripped of his seat on the Communist Party 's Central Committee for an unspecified "  serious breach of regulations . " Who is Bo Xilai ? CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Gu Kailai is accused by Chinese authorities of killing a British businessman Her son , Bo Guagua , sent a statement to his mother 's defense team Authorities say Gu 's motive was her concern for Bo 's personal safety Bo Guagua 's father , Bo Xilai , is a Chinese politician with scandal of his own
EVANSVILLE , Indiana  CNN  -- With the pump reading $ 4.29 a gallon , many of the gas station 's patrons are more than a little grumpy . But , one by one , they are approached by Dominique Morson . Sen. Barack Obama is looking to turn Indiana from red to blue in November . "  Excuse me , sir : Are you registered to vote , and if so is it at your current address ? " she asks . She is polite and persistent , approaching more than two dozen customers during an hour or so at a gas station in Evansville , Indiana , a blue-collar community in southern Indiana not far from the Kentucky border . Of those she approaches , most say they are already registered , several say they are not , but not interested . Three , though , stop and answer the questions as Morson fills out the state 's registration form and then hands it over for the new applicant to sign . She is not alone . Another handful of Sen. Barack Obama volunteers work the lot , while a dozen more go door to door in Evansville , part of a major grassroots effort aimed at turning one of the most reliably Republican states in presidential politics from red to blue . "  I think we can . I really do , " Morson told us during a quick break from her efforts . "  We have enough people dedicated to the campaign and enough people who want to see some change , so I think we will . " The fact that Indiana even makes the list of battleground states is itself stunning . George W. Bush won the state with 57 percent in 2000 and 60 percent in 2004 . The last time Indiana backed a Democrat for president was Lyndon Johnson 44 years ago . Obama 's chances here could rest on the aggressive voter registration and identification effort . When Obama campaign volunteers register a voter , they also add them to the Obama database , and maintain contact with the voter . Voter registration is nonpartisan , so there is no way of knowing for sure how many of the new voters -- and those who have erased any eligibility questions by updating their addresses -- are Democrats . But Republican Secretary of State Todd Rokita , the state 's chief elections officer , said Sen. John McCain 's campaign had better take notice . "  They have a fight here in Indiana and it is real , " Rokita said . The numbers are dramatic : In 2004 , 2.5 million ballots were cast for president in Indiana . And in that entire cycle , the state received some 565,000 new and updated registrations . This year , the number is already in excess of 562,000 and given the recent spike in activity by campaigns and other organizations , Rokita tells CNN he expects to hit a record 750,000 by the state 's October 6 registration deadline . "  I will say that this is the first time I have ever seen a Democratic presidential campaign this engaged in this state . Usually Indiana is No. 1 for the red states on election night when it comes to president , " Rokita told CNN in an interview in his state Capitol office in Indianapolis . While Obama allies are upbeat , to travel the state is to find proof that to turn Indiana blue will be a difficult challenge . Its farm communities and small towns lean conservative . In Washington , for example , President Bush carried 75 percent of the vote four years ago . It is a town of about 11,000 and home of the Williams Bros. health care and pharmaceutical supply company . Mark Williams takes visible pride in the fourth-generation family enterprise , and says in his view McCain is more in tune with his needs as a small businessman , and with his views of the proper role of government in issues like health care reform . His take is significant : Though he is a registered Republican , Williams was not a Bush fan and voted Democratic for president in 2000 and 2004 . This year , he says experience matters and McCain is far more ready in his view . He also rejects the frequent Obama attempts to link McCain to Bush . "  When you look a the resumes between McCain and Sen. Obama ... Sen. McCain is a lot more experienced , " Williams said in an interview in his office filled with memorabilia of a business that stretches back generations . Of McCain he says , "  He has never stood by the rules of the Republicans . He has always voted the way he believes . He tells people what they need to hear not always the most popular thing . " In Evansville , too , there is plenty of evidence that Obama faces long odds here . As volunteers went door to door in a blue-collar neighborhood Sunday for nearly an hour , they came across just one voter who promised to support the Democratic nominee . One said he was a definite McCain voter , and several others said they were undecided , and accepted literature from the volunteers .	Democrats and the Obama campaign see Indiana in play The state carries 11 Electoral College votes ; 270 needed to win the presidency Obama campaign workers hitting the streets with their message Many Democrats and Republican say Obama will most likely come up short
CNN  -- Pennsylvania authorities issued an arrest warrant this week for a high school field hockey coach accused of covering up the alleged rape of one of her players during a weekend athletic festival over the summer . A 23-year-old man has been charged with rape in the case . Court documents say Rafael Gomez-Echavarria of Reading raped a 16-year-old girl early on the morning of August 4 at a Best Western Hotel near Harrisburg . The teen was in town attending the Keystone State Games with her family , but had been given permission to spend the night at the hotel with Alicia Colon , her field hockey coach at Kutztown Area High School , and two other girls for what was billed as a "  girls night . " But it did n't stay that way for long , according to a probable cause affidavit . The document says Colon , 25 , went to nearby Elizabethtown to pick up three men , including Gomez-Echavarria , who spent the night in the room with Colon and the girls . The coach told police that the males had taken Ecstasy , and she admitted to smoking marijuana with them . The alleged victim told police she slept on the floor because Colon and one of the men were "  carrying on " in the bed in which she was supposed to sleep . The girl said she woke up when one of the men , later identified by police as Gomez-Echavarria , began kissing her neck . She told police she had to tell him approximately five times to stop before he did . The girl woke up again about two hours later when Gomez-Echavarria was touching her "  private areas " and later forced her to have intercourse , according to court documents . She told police she did n't scream because she was afraid he would hurt her . When the alleged sexual assault was over , Gomez-Echavarria instructed the girl not to say anything , telling her it was "  our little secret , " before he went to sleep . It was then that the girl texted her coach , who was on a bed next to her . Colon did n't read the text message until later in the morning , the affidavit said . This is when the alleged cover-up began , according to court documents . Afraid of losing her job , Colon told the girl to "  forget about the rape and it will go away , " the police report said . The men had left the room at that point . It 's unclear how long the girl kept her secret , but her mother contacted the Lower Swatara Township Police Department on October 27 to report a rape . Police interviewed Colon on November 7 , according to court documents . She initially told police there was no attempt to cover anything up , but when told that authorities had her text messages , "  her story changed . " "  Alicia tried to cover up the rape in fear of losing her job , " Detective Ryan Gartland wrote in the affidavit . "  We confirmed this through text and Facebook messages . " Both Colon and Gomez-Echavarria were charged November 27 in district court -- each with multiple felonies and misdemeanors . Colon 's charges included hindering an investigation , destroying evidence , endangering children and the corruption of minors . Among Gomez-Echavarria 's charges are forcible rape , sexual assault , indecent assault and unlawful contact with a minor . Officer Joseph Smith with the Lower Swatara Township Police Department told CNN Tuesday night that neither suspect had been arrested yet . CNN 's attempts to contact Colon and Gomez-Echavarria were unsuccessful . Kutztown School Superintendent Kathy Metrick said Colon has been an assistant field hockey coach for two years . She is employed by the district only during the season , which this year began August 12 and ended October 14 . Two ex-players on California high school football team accused of sex crimes Quarterback and accuser had consensual sex , lawyer says California man surrenders in Vanderbilt football rape case	Coach Alicia Colon is charged with multiple felonies , including hindering an investigation Rafael Gomez-Echavarria is charged with rape The alleged rape took place in August , but was n't reported until late October No arrests have been made , police say
CNN  -- Aah , Christmas Eve . A time for family and friends , eggnog and mistletoe , carols and cookies ... and catching up on "  Downton Abbey " ? Apparently , that 's what legions of us had in mind when -- humbug ! -- the Netflix Instant streaming service went down . The outage , caused when some Amazon servers used by Netflix crashed , lasted more than 20 hours . Like many companies , Netflix pays to rent space on Amazon 's massive banks of servers . The outage , which affected devices such as tablets and smartphones , began at about 3:30 p.m. ET Monday . Many Netflix users had to scratch those plans to gather around the laptop for "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " "  A Christmas Story " or "  Santa 's Slay "  the 2005 classic starring former wrestler Bill Goldberg as a deranged Santa demon  . Although for the desperate , "  Shrek the Halls " was available on ABC . Netflix said service was restored Christmas morning . "  Special thanks to our awesome members for being patient . We 're back to normal streaming levels . We hope everyone has a great holiday , ' said the company on Twitter . Still , the Internet was not amused -- which did n't stop some social-media users from trying to be amusing . Here are some of our favorite Twitter posts from the long winter night of our discontent : Chris D'Elia  @chrisdelia "  So @netflix is down ? Great . Now everybody has to talk to their annoying family . " Razzle Dangerously  @MyNameisRazzle2 "  Netflix is down , most likely overloaded ... Which means I 'm not the only one bored as hell at his parents house . . " Jess Dweck  @TheDweck "  So depressed about Netflix being down that all I wan na do is lie on the couch and watch Netflix . " Aaron Zamost  @zamosta "  Amazon Web Services crashes on Christmas Eve , taking out Netflix but not Amazon Video . Somewhere ,  Amazon CEO  Jeff Bezos reads "  The Grinch " to his kids . " Tyler  @TylerWards ' "  Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house , not a @netflix was streaming , not even Mickey Mouse . " Jane McGonigal  @avantgame "  Netflix streaming , please come back online , I need to stream my Fireplace in the Home/Yule Log on my TV while we make gingerbread xoxo " Sophia Van Elsberg  @sophiavanelsber "  Netflix being broken is forcing me to get up and do something with my life #notcool " Sassy in Slumberland  @SassyinSlumberl "  Netflix is down . Bc bad things happen to good people . " Joel Braverman  @joelbrave "  Thanks to @netflix outage we can likely expect a moderate population explosion in nine months . " Lauren McLaughlin  @lauren_mclaugh "  How the Grinch Stole Netflix ... " #Vanityreloaded2k13  @GeorgeJalloh "  Some kid probably asked Santa for #Netflix to be down so his parents would pay attention to him . Leave me out of your problems , kid . "	Netflix Instant outage hit users on Christmas Eve The outage , due to Amazon servers going down , lasted about 20 hours Users took to Twitter to voice despair , express humor
Sergio Garcia 's parents brought him to the United States from Mexico nearly two decades ago . He 's been waiting for a green card ever since . But there 's one thing the undocumented immigrant no longer has to wait for , according to a California Supreme Court ruling on Thursday : his law license . Garcia can be admitted to California 's state bar and legally practice as a lawyer there , the court ruled . The landmark case quickly caught the eye of activists on both sides of the national immigration debate . Garcia , 36 , says his American dream has finally come true . "  With tears in my eyes I 'm happy to report I am being admitted to the bar , thank God ! " he said in a Facebook post Thursday after the court 's ruling . "  This one is for all of you who dare to dream and by doing so change the world ! Love you all ! History was made today ! " But the case raises many questions , particularly among those who have been critical of Garcia 's efforts to practice law . "  How is Garcia supposed to uphold ` the laws of the United States ' when he is , by his mere presence in this country , in violation of federal law ? " CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette asks in an opinion column he wrote on the case in September . "  How does he pledge to show respect for ` the courts of justice ' when , for most of his life , he has lived here in defiance of the rule of law ? And how can he claim that he wo n't ` mislead ' a judge or judicial officer when living in the United States illegally requires deception on a daily basis ? " California 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that no state law or public policy should stop Garcia or others like him from obtaining a law license in the state . Immigration officials would be unlikely to pursue sanctions against an undocumented immigrant who had been living in the United States for years , had been educated in this country and whose sole unlawful conduct was his presence in this country , the court said in a unanimous ruling written by Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauye . "  Under these circumstances , we conclude that the fact that an undocumented immigrant 's presence in this country violates federal statutes is not itself a sufficient or persuasive basis for denying undocumented immigrants , as a class , admission to the State Bar , " the court ruled . A lengthy legal battle Garcia was born in Mexico in 1977 and taken to California by his parents when he was 17 months old , according to court documents . He remained there until 1986 , when he and his parents returned to Mexico . Eight years later , at age 17 , Garcia again returned to California with his parents and without documentation , though his father had obtained permanent resident status in the United States . That year , Garcia 's father filed an immigration visa petition on his son 's behalf , which federal immigration officials accepted in 1995 . But , 19 years later , the visa has not been granted , even though Garcia has lived in the state since 1994 . "  Because the current backlog of persons of Mexican origin who are seeking immigrant visas is so large , as of the date of this opinion -- more than 19 years after Garcia 's visa petition was filed -- a visa number still has not become available for Garcia , " the Supreme Court 's ruling said . The ruling marks the end of a lengthy legal battle for Garcia , who received a law degree from Cal Northern School of Law in 2009 . That year , he passed the California bar exam . For about two weeks , Garcia was sworn in as an attorney . Then he received a notice from the state bar that his admission was in error . "  It was very , very hard for me to have to tell my family that the celebration we had meant nothing , " Garcia told CNN en Espaol in September . "  It killed me inside to tell them that I really was n't a lawyer . " The matter ended up in the California state court system , and Garcia earned the support of California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who wrote in a 2012 brief : "  Admitting Garcia to the bar would be consistent with state and federal policy that encourages immigrants , both documented and undocumented , to contribute to society . " The state bar argued that Garcia had met all of California 's requirements for a law license . "  With today 's ruling , the California Supreme Court reaffirms the Committee of Bar Examiners ' finding as not a political decision but rather one grounded in the law , " California State Bar President Luis J. Rodriguez said in a written statement Thursday . Case could set precedent Critics have argued that giving Garcia a license would n't make sense . How can someone without legal status become licensed as a lawyer , whose job entails upholding the law ? Larry DeSha , former prosecutor for the State Bar of California , said Garcia should n't be given his law license because his immigration status would be in violation of a civil immigration statute and could affect his ability to represent his clients . "  In the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the idea . The individual -- Garcia -- looks like a keeper . The idea -- that one who has lived most of his life outside the law can practice law -- is problematic , " Navarrette wrote in his September column . The executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which favors tighter immigration restrictions , said the case is part of a troubling trend . "  The ruling that an unlawful immigrant can be admitted to the practice of law in California is the kind of thing that will light up talk-show switchboards , and rightly so . But beyond the Bizarro World nature of the decision is a broader issue , " Mark Krikorian wrote in an editorial published on the National Review 's website . "  This is only the latest in a series of measures by some jurisdictions to normalize illegal immigration . " The Obama administration originally opposed Garcia 's admission to the bar , saying that federal law demanded that legislation be enacted granting an undocumented immigrant the right to practice , according to a summary published by lawprofessors.typepad.com . But the Justice Department backed off in November after California 's governor signed a new law that did just that . The bill , which passed in October and went into effect this week , allows the bar to admit "  an applicant who is not lawfully present in the United States  who  has fulfilled the requirements for admission to practice law . " That "  greased the skids " in making the court 's work easier , said Dan Kowalski , editor of Bender 's Immigration Bulletin and himself an immigration attorney . "  I think it 's a natural , logical decision , " he told CNN in a telephone interview , adding that he expected other states to follow suit . Vctor Nieblas , an immigration attorney based in Southern California , told CNN in September that the court 's decision could affect hundreds of other young professionals in the United States who are seeking a license . "  He 's the first , but he 's not the only . There are cases going on in New York and Florida , " said Rina Gandhi , a third-year law student at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia . Gandhi , who heads an immigration law and service organization that invited Garcia to speak at her school last year , said the ruling is a positive step . "  I 'm glad to see us moving forward in the right direction , " she said , adding that the case highlights the problems caused by backlogs in the country 's immigration system . "  He does have an immigration application pending , " she said . "  It 's more a result of the broken immigration system that we currently have that he 's been waiting 19 years . "	California State Bar : The decision is a legal one , not a political one California 's Supreme Court : Undocumented immigrant Sergio Garcia can practice law "  I 'm glad to see us moving forward in the right direction , " one law student says Critic : Case shows troubling trend , a push to "  normalize illegal immigration "
CNN  -- The United States accused Sudan of targeting civilians in recent airstrikes , including one that destroyed a Bible school in South Kordofan , an oil-rich Sudanese province that borders the newly-created independent country of South Sudan . "  The United States strongly condemns the bombing by the Sudanese Armed Forces of civilian populations in Southern Kordofan , " a White House statement said . "  Aerial attacks on civilian targets are unjustified and unacceptable . Such attacks are a violation of international law and compound the ongoing crisis in these areas . " The Sudanese government could not be immediately reached for comment , but has said in the past that it is targeting rebels in the area . At least eight bombs were dropped in the area near the Bible school Wednesday during the school 's first day of classes , according to a statement by Samaritan 's Purse , American evangelist Franklin Graham 's Christian humanitarian group , which supports the school . Two bombs landed inside the compound -- located in the region 's Nuba Mountains -- destroying two Bible college buildings and igniting grass fires across the area , the group said in a statement No injuries were reported . "  It was a miracle that no one was injured , " the statement added . More than 78,000 people have fled South Kordofan and Blue Nile states since August last year after an armed rebellion took root , the United Nations reported . The Sudanese government is thought to have responded to the rebellion by conducting sustained air raids with the use of Russian-made Antonov bombers , which have raised concerns over civilian casualties . Decades of civil war between the north and south , costing as many as 2 million lives , formally ended with a U.S.-brokered peace treaty in 2005 . But before South Sudan gained independence in July of last year , human rights monitors expressed concerns that longstanding grievances could again lead to violence consuming the region . In November , there were several days of bombings near an entry point for refugees at the border , the United Nations reported . It did not specify who launched the bombs . The White House statement , release Thursday , urged for officials to find others ways to settle the conflict . "  We believe that this conflict can only be resolved by dialogue , not through violence , and we encourage all parties to negotiate a peaceful settlement , " statement said .	Rev. Franklin Graham 's group , Samaritan 's Purse , supports the school At least 8 bombs were dropped in the area during school 's first day of classes Two bombs landed inside the compound , but no injuries were reported "  Aerial attacks on civilian targets are unjustified , " White House says
CNN  -- Every spring , a yellow blanket of pollen descends upon America , eliciting complaints from allergy sufferers already fed up with watery eyes , stuffed-up sinuses and excessive sneezing . If you 're wondering exactly what that is covering your car , it 's pine pollen , which usually comes out in mid - to late-April . But believe it or not , it 's probably not what 's causing your symptoms . "  Amazingly enough , most people are not allergic to the stuff you can see , " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Instead , it 's microscopic particles in the spring air that are hell-bent on causing misery . Most seasonal allergies are caused by smaller tree pollen and mold spores , according to the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . More than 60 million Americans suffer from allergic rhinitis , according to the academy . That means when they inhale something they are allergic to , they suffer symptoms in the nose and eyes . When the trigger of the reaction is pollen , the person is said to have "  hay fever . " Warm , dry climates have the highest pollen levels , according to Pollen.com , while rainy or cool weather significantly reduces allergens in the air . Do n't let allergies stop you from traveling Fortunately for allergy sufferers , 2013 has so far been relatively mild compared to last year , when an unusually warm winter caused the season to start earlier and last longer . Pollen.com breaks the United States down into seven allergy regions . Except for the South Central area , all the regions are recording lower pollen levels than last year at this time , according to IMS Health , the company behind the website . Pollen counts There are no government pollen trackers , but private companies have stepped in to provide data on pollen levels nationwide . Worst U.S. cities for allergy sufferers A pollen count signifies how much pollen is in the air . A higher count means people who are allergic are more likely to exhibit symptoms . Pollen counts are calculated using the concentration of pollen in a certain area during a specific period  usually 24 hours  , according to Pollen.com . "  Air-sampling devices  collect particles from the air onto a transparent , sticky surface , " the website 's FAQ page says . "  The sample is then examined under a microscope , where the pollen grains are counted and identified . " The device must be placed on a rooftop at least one story high , away from any significant pollen or mold sources , AAAI.org states , to get an accurate reading . The numbers used to quantify pollen levels vary between collecting stations , and do n't mean much to the average consumer , so levels are usually described simply as low , moderate or high . What constitutes a high pollen count also depends on what type of allergen is being tracked , according to AAAI.org . Where do allergies come from ? Treating the symptoms You 've got three options for over-the-counter oral antihistamines : Allegra  fexofenadine  , Claritin  loratadine  and Zyrtec  cetirizine  , but many patients need a prescription nasal spray in addition to one of those in order to find relief . Allergists can prescribe topical nasal antihistamines and steroidal sprays . Antihistamine eye drops are also available over-the-counter and by prescription . The only long-term option for allergy sufferers is to undergo immune therapy , in the form of shots , over three to five years . An allergy test determines what you are allergic to , and then you get tiny doses of that allergen injected until you become desensitized . A method of accomplishing this using droplets under the tongue has shown promise in studies , but is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration . Bottom line : If you 're suffering this spring , allergists can help .	Most people are n't allergic to the yellow pollen you see , which is from pine trees More than 60 million Americans suffer from allergic rhinitis every year Warm , dry climates have the highest pollen levels , according to Pollen.com
CNN  -- The body of the managing director of one of the richest investment funds in the world was found Tuesday , four days after he disappeared after a plane crash in Morocco , the official Moroccan news agency reported . Sheikh Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan had been missing since his glider plane crashed into a lake in the north African country on Friday . The late sheikh was a brother of the ruler of Abu Dhabi and president of the UAE , Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Sheikh Ahmed , 41 , was director of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority . He was also chairman of the board of trustees of the Zayed Foundation for Charity and Humanitarian Works , according to WAM , the official news agency of the United Arab Emirates . The body was found by rescue teams at a dam in Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah lake , in Skhirat Temara , a suburb of the Moroccan capital Rabat . Some 225 people -- including over 100 divers from Morocco , the United Arab Emirates , France , Spain and the United States in addition to four emergency physicians -- were called in , the Moroccan Press Agency reported . The body was found by rescue teams in Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah lake , in Skhirat Temara , a suburb of the Moroccan capital Rabat . The remains are being transported back to the Emirates from Morocco and are expected to be buried Wednesday , Abu Dhabi TV reported . The ruling family will attend prayers in the Sheikh Zayed Mosque Wednesday afternoon as three days of state mourning begin , the station reported . Forbes ' 2009 rankings of "  The World 's Most Powerful People " listed the late sheikh at No. 27 . The pilot of the plane was rescued in good condition after the crash , WAM said . The sovereign-wealth fund , which was established in 1976 , is owned by the government of Abu Dhabi . In an interview in January with Germany 's business daily newspaper Handelsblatt , Sheikh Ahmed said he preferred not to use the sovereign-wealth fund label to describe the investment fund . "  We prefer to be seen simply as a globally diversified investment institution , with the difference being that our owner is the government of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , " he said . "  ADIA 's sole mission , which has not changed in over 30 years , is to secure and maintain the current and future welfare of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi . " Asked about news reports that ADIA 's global assets range between $ 300 billion and $ 800 billion , Sheikh Ahmed hewed to the secretive style that has marked the fund . "  As a matter of policy ADIA does not disclose its assets under management , " he said . But he noted that his brother , the president , who is also ADIA 's chairman , "  has stated publicly that some of the highest estimates seen in the media have been exaggerated . " But the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute estimates that ADIA is among the richest investment vehicles of its kind in the world -- if not the richest . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Sheikh Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan missing since plane crashed into lake in Morocco Sheikh was managing director of the Dhabi Investment Authority He also was a brother of the ruler of Abu Dhabi and Forbes ' 27th richest person in world
CNN  -- An ex-employee allegedly stabbed four former co-workers at a Toronto office building Wednesday , authorities said . At least one employee of Ceridian , a payroll services company , was critically wounded , a police spokeswoman said . "  Out of respect for the privacy of the individual and their family , we are not able to share or comment on the specifics of the individual 's condition , but all four employees are being treated by medical experts at area hospitals , " a Ceridian statement said . A suspect was taken into custody , according to Toronto Police Constable Jennifer Sidhu , who said the attacker used either scissors or a knife . The suspect was identified by police as Chuang Li , 47 . He faces charges of attempted murder , aggravated assault and assault with a weapon . The attack happened on the office building 's fifth floor , Sidhu said . One of the four people hospitalized had life-threatening wounds , she said . Two others suffered non-life-threatening injuries and a third was treated and released , police said . Police did not immediately reveal a possible motive in the attack or details about any relationship between the suspect and the victims . "  As you might imagine , this is a very difficult time , " the company statement said . "  The entire Ceridian family is shocked and deeply saddened by this incident . " Mass stabbing at Pennsylvania school CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify suspect as 47-year-old Chuang Li "  This is a very difficult time , " the company says The attack happened on the office building 's fifth floor One of the four people hospitalized suffered life-threatening wounds
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The day I interviewed Neil Diamond , he was sitting in a little room to the side of a studio , and a makeup artist was smacking him in the face with a powder puff . He was wearing a white wife-beater T-shirt and looked like he wanted to flee . Neil Diamond is riding high with a huge world tour , a successful album and a humanitarian award . It was November , and Diamond had just come off the first two legs of his biggest world tour yet -- with 64 shows in 50 cities and nine countries already under his belt . In a moment , he would step in front of a camera to begin a round of 70 or so interviews -- beamed via satellite to local television stations -- to talk up the remaining 20 dates , where he 'd thrill diehard fans with such nuggets as "  Cherry Cherry , " "  Song Sung Blue " and "  Sweet Caroline . " Ours was the only in-person interview he -- or someone in his camp -- had agreed to do . The singer-songwriter  who turned 68 on January 24  stepped into the studio , a man ready for his close-up . He had slipped a black button-down shirt over his T-shirt , and suddenly he looked like Neil Diamond -- the same Neil Diamond who next week will be feted by The Recording Academy as its "  2009 MusiCares Person of the Year , " joining an elite club that includes Aretha Franklin , Elton John , Sting , Bono and Quincy Jones . He 's working on a follow-up to last year 's CD , the Rick Rubin-produced "  Home Before Dark " -- which earned Diamond his first-ever No. 1 debut on the Billboard Top 200 album chart . That album came after 2005 's "  12 Songs , " also produced by Rubin , which re-invigorated his recording career . As for live performance , he 's rarely had problems filling arenas -- but he remembers when he did . Watch Diamond talk about giving back " CNN : The man in black . This has become quite the trademark . Neil Diamond : Yeah . I still wear black , but I got sparkly somewhere along the way -- especially if you are playing in an 18,000-seat arena , you like to be seen by somebody in the back . CNN : I 've been to a Neil Diamond concert , and everybody stands up , and they sing every word to every song . Do n't you ever want to tell them , "  I 'm singing -- listen ! " Diamond : No , I do n't -- but I did in the very beginning when I first realized on my first few records that people were singing along . I thought , "  You should n't be singing . That 's my job . Let me sing and you listen . " But then I realized that it 's a compliment . They knew the music , they loved it and they wanted to sing . So I said , "  All right , let 's sing together . " -LSB- chuckles -RSB- CNN : Whenever you hit the road , you 're one of the year 's top ticket draws and play to more than a million fans per tour . -LSB- Diamond had the fifth highest-grossing tour of 2008 , taking in $ 60 million in ticket sales . -RSB- Diamond : It 's truly not until the last leg that you finally get the show down . You are relaxed with it , you are not worried about the intricacies of the show , and the last shows are always the best and the most fun . CNN : After 40 years in the business , do you still get nervous ? Diamond : I do n't know if it 's nerves . I get excited . I want things to go right . I want the audience to love the show . CNN : For this tour , you 've donated all the proceeds from merchandise sales -LSB- T-shirts , programs and other souvenir items -RSB- to the victims of Hurricane Ike in Texas . We 're talking about a figure that 's somewhere in the neighborhood of a million dollars . Diamond : Hurricane Ike hit southern Texas so fiercely -LSB- in September 2008 , while Diamond was on tour -RSB- , and has been forgotten about by the rest of the country -- but these people are still in desperate straits , and are in dire need of our help . And I saw what was going on . The mayor of Houston took me around , and he told me about it and introduced me to some people . The next day , I drove down to some of the hardest-hit areas , and I just felt that I had to do something , and I felt that maybe my audience would help me out with it . So we just say the merchandise and whatever you buy goes down to those people to rebuild their homes . They are still living in tents and cars down there . So to all the people down in Oak Island , Galveston , Galveston Bay and Houston , help is on the way -- and that 's the message that I want to bring and spread around . The Eagles just made a substantial donation to this fund . CNN : Has that inspired new songwriting for you ? Diamond : I do n't know if it has inspired new songwriting -- I do n't do a lot of writing when I am out touring -- but it has inspired a reality in me of what 's going on . You tend to live in a bubble when you are traveling and touring . I missed the election completely . I actually worked and performed election night . The wonderful people of Green Bay , Wisconsin , came and filled the place , and I said to them , "  I appreciate you coming down , because there is something really good on television . " I missed the election completely . I got off the stage and tuned into the concession speech . But I heard it was very dramatic , and I 'm happy with the outcome . You tend to miss things when you 're on the road . CNN : Right before the Grammys , you 're being honored by The Recording Academy as its "  2009 MusiCares Person of the Year . " Diamond : Well , it 's a wonderful honor any time the Grammys extend an honor to you . -LSB- Diamond has received 12 nominations over his career , but has only won one award . -RSB- But the real satisfaction I get from that benefit -- that big dinner -- is that the money will be going to musicians who are facing very difficult times . It 's not the most secure job in the world , and there are musicians who are facing medical emergencies and financial difficulties who will benefit from the money that is being generated . It 's a cause that 's very close to my heart . I have been very fortunate , and I have been successful . CNN : When you tour , you sell out 20,000-seat arenas -- but do you ever worry about a day when you might walk out on stage and there are only two or three people in the audience ? Diamond : Well , that did happen to me very early in my career . So yeah , that has occurred to me . I 'm always a little amazed that people show up , and I do n't know where they came from -- but I 'm thrilled that they are there . CNN : Do you ever wonder what you would have done had this all not worked out ? Diamond : I do , and I do n't like any of the choices that I would have made , or any of the places that I would have been . CNN : I hear you earned a fencing scholarship to NYU . Diamond : Yeah , I did . But you ca n't make a living as a fencer these days . CNN : So this is definitely much better . Diamond : Yes , this is a lot better . I love singing . I have been singing since I was a little boy , so to make a life in music as a writer and as a singer -- I think I have the best job in the world . CNN : At the end of the tour , you 're only taking two days off , and then you begin working on your next album . Do n't you believe in vacations ? Diamond : I 'm not the kind of guy that 's good at laying on the beach for too long . If I 'm laying on the beach , it 's with a guitar and a legal pad , and I 'm thinking about music .	Neil Diamond to receive Recording Academy 's Person of the Year honor Diamond continues to sell out arenas , recently had No. 1 album Money from merchandise sales on tour going to Hurricane Ike victims
New York  CNN  -- A fourth New Yorker is saying that he was targeted outside a New York City department store because of his race . Art Palmer , 56 , of Brooklyn told CNN he was stopped by New York Police Department officers in April after he left the Macy 's department store in Herald Square . He had two bags of merchandise on him -- about eight items total -- when , he said , police stopped him and searched both bags to see if his receipts matched what was in the bags . After being detained for about 10 minutes , Palmer said , police released him and told him he had been stopped because they had lost track of him on store surveillance cameras . Palmer said he has spoken to management at Macy 's and officers at the NYPD midtown police precinct about the incident , and was told that the officers who stopped him outside the store were just doing their jobs . Palmer said that with the help of state Sen. Eric Adams , he has filed a complaint with the civilian review board . Macy 's and the NYPD could not be reached for comment about the incident . The allegation of racial profiling comes after one other involving the same Macy 's department store and two involving Barneys New York . HBO television actor Robert Brown said at a news conference this month that he was racially profiled at the Herald Square Macy 's in June . Brown said at least three plainclothes officers stopped him , accused him of using a fraudulent credit card and detained him inside the store . Brown , star of HBO 's "  Treme , " has filed a lawsuit against the NYPD seeking yet-to-be-specified damages , he said . The NYPD did not respond to CNN 's request for comment about Brown 's claims . In an e-mail to CNN , Elina Kazan , vice president of media relations for Macy 's , said the department store is investigating the allegations but does "  not comment on matters in litigation . " In a similar incident , Kayla Phillips , 21 , told reporters last week that four plainclothes officers forcefully stopped her after she left Barneys with her purchase in February . She and Trayon Christian , 19 , who said he also was racially profiled after purchasing a belt at Barneys in April , want damages from the store and the New York Police Department . Christian has filed a lawsuit . Phillips said that she had been eyeing a $ 2,500 orange suede Celine bag after a friend bought one for his mother . After showing the cashier her ID , Phillips said , she paid at a register and left the store with the item in a Barneys bag . She walked out of the Madison Avenue store to 59th Street , where the officers stopped her , she said . "  I was attacked , " Phillips said . The officers -- three male and one female -- questioned her , she said . "  How did you buy this bag , where did you get the money from ? " the female officer asked her , Phillips said . Phillips showed them her debit card , which the female officer took and showed to her partners , bending and examining it , she said . After verifying Phillips ' purchase and returning her card , the officers let her go and did not apologize , she said . In a prepared statement , Mark Lee , CEO of Barneys New York , said "  no customer should have the unacceptable experience described in recent media reports , and we offer our sincere regret and deepest apologies . " "  We want to reinforce that Barneys New York has zero tolerance for any form of discrimination . Our mission is to ensure that all customers receive the highest-quality service -- without exception , " he said . Speaking to the claims by Christian , the company said no employee was involved "  in the pursuit of any action with the individual other than the sale . " In a statement , the New York Police Department said , "  We are investigating the allegation . " The department directed CNN to its legal department . Kareem Vessup , Phillips ' attorney , said an impending lawsuit could seek $ 5 million in punitive damages , but the exact amount is still undetermined . He said both Barneys and the NYPD should reevaluate their practices on "  shop and frisk . " "  There 's a call for change , " Vessup said . "  How long had this been going on ? Who else may have been affected by this practice ? " Christian , a New York City College of Technology student , entered Barneys on April 29 to buy a Ferragamo belt he had seen rappers wear on television , his attorney , Michael Palillo , told CNN on Wednesday . Christian bought the belt , left the store and walked a block before two undercover police officers stopped him , Palillo said . When they saw the designer belt , they asked him how he was able to afford it , Palillo said . The officers allegedly accused him of purchasing the belt with a fraudulent card and said they had received a call from Barneys , according to Palillo . Christian said he was detained in a holding cell for two hours and interrogated , as police contacted Chase Bank to check his card , Palillo said . When they confirmed that his card was valid , police released Christian and apologized , Palillo said . Rap mogul Jay-Z -- who has been thrust into the debate over alleged racial profiling at Barneys New York -- broke his silence Saturday , defending himself from critics who have insisted he break off his partnership with the department store over the allegations . The music icon and entrepreneur spoke in an online statement the day after Phillips , an African-American college student , made her allegations . Jay-Z has a fashion line that is set to sell at Barneys . A Change.org petition calling for him to end this collaboration had more than 13,000 signatures Saturday night . "  Right as Jay-Z prepares to roll out a new partnership with Barneys New York for the holiday shopping season , I 've been disappointed to hear new allegations about how the retailer treats young black consumers , " wrote the petition 's creator , Derick Bowers of Brooklyn . The celebrity -- born Shawn Carter , who in addition to being a rapper runs restaurants , a sport agency and other ventures -- on Saturday issued a statement on his website that said he does n't want to jump to conclusions without all the facts . He said proceeds from his partnership will benefit his charitable foundation , not him , and insisted , "  My idea was born out of creativity and charity ... not profit . " Bringing him into this debate , the rapper added , is n't fair -- especially since the truth has n't been established in the racial profiling cases . "  Why am I being demonized , denounced and thrown on the cover of a newspaper for not speaking immediately ? " he wrote . "  The negligent , erroneous reports and attacks on my character , intentions , and the spirit of this collaboration have forced me into a statement I did n't want to make without the full facts . " He added that he and his team are working "  to get to the bottom of these incidents and at the same time find a solution that does n't harm all those that stand to benefit from this collaboration . " "  I am against discrimination of any kind , but if I make snap judgments , no matter who it 's towards , are n't I committing the same sin as someone who profiles ? " he said . "  I am no stranger to being profiled and I truly empathize with anyone that has been put in that position . Hopefully this brings forth a dialogue to effect real change . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	A Brooklyn man says New York police stopped him in April after he left a Macy 's store A TV actor says he was racially profiled at the same Macy 's in June Two college students say they were profiled after shopping at Barneys in February , April Macy 's says it 's investigating ; Barneys says it has "  zero tolerance " for discrimination
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius claims that when he heard noises in his home , he mistook girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp for an intruder and accidentally shot her with his 9 mm pistol . Plausible ? The courts will decide . In the meantime , the killing has highlighted South Africa 's history of gun violence and high crime . And it 's shown the world that many South Africans live with a palpable , almost paranoid , fear of having their homes broken into . In 2012 , more than 50 % of South Africans told the country 's police force that they 're afraid . The number of home burglaries across the country of 50 million have more than doubled . They totaled 9,063 in a 12-month period spanning 2002/2003 ; seven years later , it was up 18,786 . And in a similar period ending in 2012 , reported break-ins dipped to 16,766 , according to South Africa 's crime reporting body , the Institute for Security Studies . The international group Gunpolicy.org reports that there are about 6 million licensed firearms in South Africa . "  The paranoia about being a victim of a house robbery is understandable , " said the group 's small arms researcher Lauren Tracey . "  Victims are relatively helpless against these attacks . " READ MORE : Who is "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius ? It 's common to see armed guards patrolling gated , middle-class neighborhoods . Hiring a private security firm is not the exception but the norm . Workaday people install panic buttons , closed-circuit televisions , man trap doors , boom gates and outdoor point-to-point infrared motion-sensing beams on their houses . Also unique to South Africa : When burglars break in , they likely are n't after a flat-screen television or jewelry , experts say . They want the homeowner 's guns . That 's in part because it 's very hard to acquire a gun legally in South Africa , but it remains , many say , relatively easy to get a gun illegally . A history of violence To understand South Africa 's gun culture , it 's crucial to go back nearly two decades . In 1994 , apartheid ended . The official system of racial segregation , in place since 1948 , took rights away from black Africans and gave virtually all power in every aspect of life to whites . For generations , violence born out of apartheid spawned a kind of arms race ; blacks and whites fought against each other , and everyone else armed themselves , afraid to be caught in the cross fire . READ MORE : Reeva Steenkamp , from model to law graduate Gun violence was at a record high as the country made its first effort to become what archbishop and peace crusader Desmond Tutu envisioned -- a rainbow nation . Other spiritual leaders around the country began campaigning to reduce violence . "  Before 1994 , there was a low-key civil war in South Africa , " said Claire Taylor , a spokesperson for Gun Free South Africa , a non-profit group that grew out of a movement to cut down on crime born from years of inequity during apartheid . "  Both sides -- white and blacks -- were armed soldiers in a way . " READ MORE : South Africa 's legal system in the spotlight The roots of gun culture in South Africa are not unlike those of the United States , she said . "  There is a history of colonization , of taking , of settling , " she said . "  For black people , the AK-47 was a symbol of liberation , of fighting back . There is huge meaning attached . Gun are about fighting and superiority . " Unlike the United States , the right to own a gun is not written in the country 's constitution . Police have confiscated and destroyed hundreds of thousands of unlicensed guns , but it 's unclear how many illegal guns remain on the street . Researcher Tracey also believes that criminal violence is rooted in South Africa 's historical traumas . There was rampant proliferation of firearms in the nation before the end of apartheid , and liberation movements stockpiled them . Many of those weapons , she said , were never recovered . Laying down the guns As Nelson Mandela , South Africa 's first black president , took office in 1994 , there was a tremendous desire to put the guns down . "  There was a national feeling that we had lived under the gun for so many years during apartheid , and we had to do something to signal that beginning anew was possible , " said Claire Taylor , the non-profit 's spokesperson . Taylor was personally motivated to act . At the time , one of her closest friends was shot to death during a break-in . In 2000 , South Africa passed the Firearms Control Act . Since then , violence by handguns , Taylor said , has dropped steadily , often by double digits . Among the law 's rigors : Before it was enacted , 16 was the minimum age to own a gun ; today it 's 21 . To apply for a gun , you have to take competency tests , akin to a driver 's license test , which demonstrates that not only can you shoot straight , but that you also know the law and how to store your firearm safely . Next , law enforcement conducts a background check that runs an applicant 's criminal history and also tries to assess whether the applicant has a propensity for violence , may be mentally ill or suffers from an addiction that might cloud their judgment . An applicant must give references whom the authorities will interview , including relatives and a spouse , if that 's possible , Taylor said . Authorities go a step further , checking medical information and digging into any instances of domestic violence or employment issues . Once licensed , gun owners must reapply and requalify for their licenses every two to 10 years . South African law also helps ensure that only one gun per person is approved . If someone is a sport shooter or has a reason that for needing to own more than one gun , he must file a separate application and explain , Taylor said . The law is n't a fix-all The law is n't perfect . As one South African correspondent put it , guns are still very much a part of the culture . Signs at South African airports and casinos point to where consumers should drop off their weapons . And gun ownership advocates say that is why people are still incredibly afraid of hearing someone creeping in their house at night . There are about 2,000 guns stolen from legal gun owners in South Africa every month , according to Gun Free South Africa . Between April 2005 and March 2011 , more than 18,000 police firearms were reportedly stolen or lost . Guns have gone missing from police stations . There 's also a severe backlog in gun license applications , some of which date back several years . A task force has been appointed to look into the problem , Taylor said . All of this has highlighted one fact for the country gun rights organization Gun Owners of South Africa . Executive Wouter de Waal told CNN that it is "  dead easy " to get weapons illegally . And there 's little reason for armed burglars to think they 'll be caught and punished . The rate of arrest and prosecution in the country is 7 % , said former detective Rudolph Zinn , who wrote a book about home invasions and now trains South African police . He believes there 's one chief reason for that : Few South Africans trust law enforcement because in recent years , the police force has become politicized , with higher ranking officers who are politically appointed . "  In 1994 there was a push to have policing more community-focused , there was more legislation to focus on that , " he said . "  There was a distrust related to our heritage , " he says , referring to apartheid , "  and unfortunately , over the years , we 've gone back to that . I saw it often when I was a detective . There are undoubtedly more home invasions , he said , than are officially counted . "  People do n't even want to report a crime , " he said , "  because they do n't believe anything is going to come of it . " READ MORE : What life 's like in a South African prison READ MORE : Photos show Steenkamp 's transformation CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	One report : More than half South Africans fear home invasion Former detective : Crimes are difficult to solve because many do n't trust police Pistorius case brings gun violence in the country to global attention
CNN  -- We knew even while researching Tuesday 's feature on the global impact of Chinese tourism that the story was likely to generate strong reactions among readers . After all , in a matter of just a decade or so , Chinese tourists have gone from being relatively rare outside of Asia to becoming the most important market in global tourism , surpassing American and German travelers in 2012 as the world 's top international spenders , with a record $ 102 billion shelled out on the road . Chinese travelers the world 's biggest spenders But even we were taken aback by the intensity of the emotions -- often thoughtful , sometimes ugly , always illuminating -- the story elicited among our global readership .  Per CNN policy , we 've been monitoring and removing the explicitly hateful and threatening comments from the site . Many readers focused on the individual habits of Chinese tourists , positive and negative . All comments are at the bottom of this : Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash Ed Connolly summed up the feelings of the more outraged commenters : "  Basically get ready for loud conversations , small tips , deceptive behavior and cutting in line . For anyone who has traveled to Asia , China in particular , you know all too well what I 'm talking about . Chinese are rude and inconsiderate . Think I 'm too opinionated ? Spend a week in China and get back to me . " Weighing in from Thailand , Katy Khan voiced a similar sentiment : "  Here in Thailand it 's a big deal . They ca n't stand Chinese tourists and are complaining to the government about it . It 's pretty bad . Chinese people are quite rude compared to any other culture I 've ever experienced . " Readers such as Mi Jo , however , reported markedly different experiences with Chinese travelers : "  I deal with lot of Chinese tourist every summer and I have to say that they are very kind . They leave impression of shyness . I do not know if they do n't talk much anywhere or they are just shocked by cultural differences but they are very very -LSB- quiet -RSB- , and most of them do n't speak at all  even though they know English language  . " Added tigerlee : "  Not only you guys but people in China feel uncomfortable with this group of people -LSB- rude travelers -RSB- . But most of Chinese are friendly and good mannered . " A number of readers compared the reputation of modern Chinese travelers with another frequently bashed group . Wrote William Trudeau : "  Anyone remember ` The Ugly American ' and similar discussions about U.S. travelers not all that long ago ? " Apparently , not all of those conversations are from so long ago . Said britishpal : "  I worked in hotels for a number of years , and time after time the thing that got staff all panicked and on edge were when American tourists were expected . Most of the rude behaviors described in this article could just as easily be attributed to American tourists ; demanding services that are n't offered , expecting meal times to be extended far beyond reasonable hours , the expectation that their cash-flashing would give them extra entitlements , etc. . And to be fair , I 've heard British tourists are just as bad in European countries , even outside of World Cup events . " Wrote fattsmann : "  I 'm Chinese-American and I agree that mainland Chinese are horrible tourists based on my trips to Europe and the Middle East . The article hits all the key notes and as other comments have noted , Americans had the same stigma/problems about 1-2 decades ago . The key issues are education and awareness of foreign cultures  including learning the basics of a foreign language before travel  , respect for foreign cultures and customs , and patience  including waiting in line , not making snap defensive judgments , etc.  . Years ago , it was Americans that were rude and culturally insensitive tourists . Now it 's the Chinese . Then it will be another group of people with money to travel . " Like fattsmann , a number of mainland Chinese and Chinese citizens of other countries were anxious to join the conversation . Wrote ptran281 : "  As a Canadian born to Chinese parents ... . I can say I ca n't stand Chinese tourists ! There is such a thing called lining up and waiting your turn . I was called a fake Chinese when I reminded them we do n't behave like this in Canada . " iamjustin provided an explanation for the perception of poor behavior abroad : "  I am a Chinese in the mainland ; as for the rudeness of Chinese visitors which raised a fire in the comments section , I have something to clarify ... The reason why so many Chinese nowadays are so rude and impolite is originated from abolishing of Confucius philosophy and the wild interpersonal abuse in the notorious Cultural Revolution launched by Mao Zedong ! ... So the conclusion is that Chinese people in the mainland are the victims of tradition loss , communist political chaos , and the rudeness and lack of self-cultivation are the consequences of the above . " CNN International 's Facebook page garnered some even more passionate responses . Edith Duarte points out that Chinese have been global tourists for centuries : "  Guys , thousands of years ago the Chinese have marveled the world . They are in seven continents all over the globe , Chinatowns are all over the U.S. " Meanwhile , Nicolas Serge suggests people on both sides of the tourism equation benefit from Chinese travel . "  The U.S. is encouraging people at home to learn and speak Chinese . Furthermore , Many U.S. students are studying in China . Tourism is helping chinese to learn more about other cultures . We remain certain about an effective partnership U.S. and China could build in the future to face global challenges . " In the end , of course , the Chinese travel boom -- and perhaps some of the resentment of it -- is driven by the almighty dollar . Or , in a potential shift that seems to both worry and excite the world , the almighty yuan . Summing up the "  just because you 've got money does n't mean I have to respect you " contingent , THEGenuineOLiTWiST wrote : "  In general , most mainland Chinese who are 40 or over are suffering from this money = respect syndrome . The younger ones are much better at ` fitting in ' with their travel destination 's social and cultural norms . " Perhaps in the end , JohnkinsBob makes the best argument by taking the pragmatic approach to the issue : "  The article makes Chinese tourism sound like the yellow peril . If these people have the cash , bring em on ! The U.S. is getting back at least part of the dollars that are being sent over there . " It 's a fascinating and important discussion that will surely continue to engage us all in the years ahead . If you 've had experiences as a Chinese traveler or with Chinese travelers , feel free to add to the discussion in the comments section below . Minor edits have been made to some of the comments above strictly in the interest of clarity .	Chinese international tourists spent $ 102 billion on the road last year Around the world , Chinese tourists inspire varied reactions Stereotypes prevail , with commenters picking up on habits , good and bad
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Amanda Bynes is "  making great strides towards recovery " from mental illness , her parents said Monday . The actress has been moved from UCLA Medical Center , where she had been treated since late July , to a private treatment facility outside Los Angeles for "  specialized treatment , " the statement from Rick and Lynn Bynes said . The transfer was recommended "  by the skilled health care professionals at UCLA , " they said . Bynes , 27 , was placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold two months ago after she was involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood in Thousand Oaks , California . Her mother was granted conservatorship over her daughter under a California mental health law . She has since dropped her petition for conservatorship in probate court "  in an effort not to duplicate conservator rights , " the statement said . The actress , who got her start on Nickelodeon with programs "  All That " and "  The Amanda Show , " faces three misdemeanor charges relating to an incident involving a bong allegedly tossed from her Manhattan apartment in May . In addition , she also has a DUI case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run charges against her were dismissed last year . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe contributed to this report .	Bynes moves from UCLA Medical Center to a private facility The actress was placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold two months ago Her mother has conservatorship over her daughter under a California mental health law
Cosmopolitan  -- So it 's over , huh ? I 'm sorry . Here are some books to feed your heart and keep your brain/hands busy so you do n't pour yourself a big glass of Jose Cuervo and battery acid . 1 . "  Him , Her , Him Again , The End of Him " by Patricia Marx Seriously . Read this . Realizing that the guy you 've wasted time on for years is a vacuous , pretentious douche nugget is actually kind of funny , and Marx proves it . A satirist who writes for the New Yorker , she 's confessed that the book -- about an unnamed , neurotic college girl who spends 10 years pining for a pretentious PhD student -- is based on her own experience with her own unnamed douche nugget , which is probably why it feels SO right . Cosmopolitan : 10 Ways to Finally Get Over Him 2 . "  This Is How You Lose Her " by Junot Diaz The lovelorn main character routinely screws over the women he 's dating , but you ca n't help but like him a little bit , since he 's one of those inimitable Diaz protagonists . It 's snappy and fun to read , and the final story will remind you that men need to realize they 're assholes before they become non-assholes , which sometimes takes awhile . 3 . "  Ethan Frome " by Edith Wharton A departure from Wharton 's normal New York society jam , this sad-as-hell stark and beautiful novella is about a man with a sickly wife living in a small town who falls for her pretty young caretaker . It does not end well . People have worse lives than you . Now go change out of those sweatpants , muchacha . Cosmopolitan : 24 Things Not to Say to a Girl Who 's Been Cheated On 4 . "  I Do n't Care About Your Band " by Julie Klausner I 'll let Ms. Klausner , a comedian and successful podcaster , sell this for you . "  As a kid , I took my cues from -LSB- Miss -RSB- Piggy , chasing every would-be Kermit in my vicinity with porcine voracity and what I thought was feminine charm . Remember how content Kermit was , just strumming his banjo on a tree trunk in the swamp ? That 's the guy I 've chased my whole life , killing myself trying to show him how fabulous I am . Kermit never appreciated what he had in Piggy , because she was just one great thing about his awesome life . I wonder how many guys from my generation looked to Kermit as an example of what the coolest guy in the room looks like . How maybe they think it 's fine to defer the advances of the fabulous women they know will always be there , while they dreamily pursue creative endeavors and dabble with other contenders . " GAH , IT 'S JUST SO GOOD . Cosmopolitan : A Complete Valentine 's Day Schedule for a Single Woman 5 . "  Monica 's Story " by Andrew Morton Yes , that Monica . You might feel like it 's confusing that this book is on the list , but not only is it "  Scandal " - level entertainment  and real life !  , you also look back at the 1998 scandal in a totally different way than you might have . She was 22 and infatuated with a manipulative married man . Sure , he also happened to be the most powerful guy in the free world , but the story is more relatable than you might think . I felt stuff . 6 . "  Dolores Claiborne " by Stephen King Not for the faint-hearted . A blue-collar housekeeper in a police station , being questioned about the murder of her longtime employer , an eccentric and wealthy elderly woman -- and that 's just where it starts . The heart of Dolores ' story is the actions she takes when her drunk , abusive husband rapes their young daughter . It 's a chilling book but showcases the resilience of women , even those trapped in unbearable circumstances , in a really powerful way . Cosmopolitan : What Guys Say Versus What They Really Mean 7 . "  Winesburg , Ohio " by Sherwood Anderson Connected tales of a small town and its residents , who are mostly lonely and sexually repressed . Not as bleak as "  Ethan Frome , " but similar deal , except the female characters are more human and complex . 8 . "  The Position " by Meg Wolitzer This novel tracks a suburban family , whose mother and father published a "  The Joy of Sex " - style book of sex positions with paintings of themselves as the models , over a period of about 20 years . The book became a cult success , and their children  two girls and two boys  grow up in its shadow . It depicts adult relationships in a very realistic but still interesting , way -- and the character of Holly , the older girl , is fascinating . Cosmopolitan : 9 Things He Does n't Want You to Know 9 . "  Random Family : Love , Drugs , Trouble and Coming of Age In The Bronx " by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc This sprawling reported non-fiction book is so absorbing that you 'll forget about all your problems . LeBlanc , a journalist , captures the tiniest aspects of the lives of two teenage Puerto Rican girls as they grow up in a bad neighborhood , have kids young , and one ends up in prison for working as a mill girl for her flashy heroin-dealing boyfriend .  At the end of the book , they 're in their late twenties and mid-thirties ; LeBlanc spent 10 years basically living with their families .  But LeBlanc does n't condescend to the women , nor does she criticize their choices . She simply observes and reports , and her dedication shows that she truly cares about breaking the cycle of poverty . 10 . "  How Did You Get This Number " by Sloane Crosley Crosley is like your smartest , funniest female friend , who articulates all the delights and inconveniences about being a young , ambitious woman in a big city that you 've always felt but never known how to explain it . The last essay , "  Off the Back of a Truck , " is about Crosley 's relationship with a guy who secretly had another long-term girlfriend at the same time . The girlfriend eventually finds Crosley in the guy 's phone  under "  Doug "  and calls her . It 's really rough , and it articulates the steps of breakups in a way that will confirm you 're not insane for wanting to smack everyone who asks , "  How long were you dating ? " Cosmopolitan : Why Dinner On The First Date Is The Worst What books helped you move on after a break-up ? Share your ideas in the comments on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNNLiving 's Facebook page !	A sex and relationships editor reveals her favorite books for broken hearts Reading is one way to keep yourself busy after a split Unlikely sources like Edith Wharton to Monica Lewinsky can soothe a break-up
London  CNN  -- His fur is worn in places , his nose is rather threadbare and he 's a little saggy round the middle . But staff at Bristol Airport in the west of England believe the elderly teddy bear left in the departure lounge more than a year ago , along with a photograph dated 1918 , must have a loving family somewhere . The picture , produced as a postcard from the studio of Dura Ltd. , shows a teddy with two small children in light dresses . The older one , her hair tied in ribbons , has her arm around the bear . On the back is written : "  With dearest love and kisses to our darling Daddie from your loving little daughter & Sonnie . Dora & Glyn . " Also written is : "  Taken on baby 's birthday March 4 1918 , one year and 5 months old . " Airport staff were initially hopeful that the bear would be reclaimed , but so far no one has come forward . Efforts by airport staff and police to trace its owners have also proved fruitless -- so now the airport is hoping the general public can lend a hand in solving the mystery . "  It is obvious the bear has been well loved for many years , " said Jacqui Mills , a spokeswoman for Bristol Airport . "  During the last 14 months we had been hopeful that the search would result in him being reunited to his family . We have not been successful in this search and have drawn a blank . " Since the case was publicized , history and teddy bear experts from as far afield as the United States and Canada have been in touch via e-mail to offer help in finding information , she said . Some antique experts believe the teddy is a British-made Farnell Bear from the early 1900s . Others believe it could be either French or German . Anyone with information that might help find the bear 's owners should contact : yourairport@bristolairport.com .	The bear was left in the departure lounge of Bristol Airport over a year ago With it was a photograph , dated 1918 , showing two small children with a bear Efforts by airport staff to trace the owners of the bear have so far failed "  It is obvious the bear has been well loved for many years , " airport spokeswoman says
Few would say Cuba is an easy place to do business , but a new law aimed at bringing pep to an anemic economy may lure more foreign investors . Cuban lawmakers Saturday approved an international investment measure . Vice President Marino Murillo Jorge , the economy czar , said that while Cuba would open further to investment , the government would retain a strong hand in dealing with investors . "  The state will always be a participant to avoid the concentration of property , " Murillo said in televised remarks Saturday . According to state media reports , 576 members of Cuba 's National Assembly gathered for a special session to consider the international investment law . Officials said greater international investment was necessary to expand the island 's stagnant economy , which grew at 2.7 % last year , below official predictions . Cuban officials say the country needs to grow at 7 % annually in order to sufficiently expand the economy . Members of the international media were not given access to the session . Following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Cuba allowed private enterprise and international investment , which had been forbidden shortly after the 1959 revolution that swept Fidel Castro to power . But the return of capitalism to the island has had mixed results , with dozens of international investors arrested in corruption probes and others leaving the island frustrated over the endless red tape and lack of governmental protections for private industry . The new law would lower taxes on international investors and remove some of the entrenched bureaucracy and lack of transparency that is part of doing business with the island 's communist-style centralized economy . " -LSB- The investment law -RSB- will attract foreign capital with clear rules and respect national sovereignty in a mutually beneficial way , " said External Trade Minister Ricardo Malmierca , according to the state-run website Cubadebate . Maintaining strong controls Cuban president Raul Castro was seen in photographs the government released voting in favor of the measure . Full details of the new law will not be published for another 90 days , state media said . The law would permit investment in all area of the Cuban economy except for health care and education , according to state media reports . But all international investment still would need approval from government officials . However , officials promised the approved law would speed up the approval process for new investments . Government-controlled media reported that several forms of investment would be permitted , including enterprises wholly owned by international investors . However , in practice , the Cuban government only permits international investors to hold minority interests in joint ventures with the government . The new law is meant for international investors only and does not apply to Cubans , who the government does not permit to form companies and make large-scale investments on the island . However , during the discussion of the law Saturday , External Trade Minister Malmierca said Cuban exiles might be allowed to invest in the country they had left . "  As long as it involves people who do not have adverse positions to the revolution and are not part of the Miami terrorist mafia , " he said using a term commonly used by Cuban government officials refer to exiles who are in opposition to the island 's single party form of government . The five-decades-old U.S. trade embargo forbids most forms of commerce between American companies and Cuba .	Cuban lawmakers approve foreign investment law They want to bring pep to anemic economy Measure includes lower taxes
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- As natural habitats disappear in South Africa , baboons and humans are increasingly coming into close contact , and conflict . In South Africa 's Cape Peninsula there has been a large-scale transformation of wild baboons ' natural habitat into land for housing , industry and agriculture , according to the University of Cape Town Baboon Research Unit . The result is that wild baboons are surrounded by humans , which the researchers say is causing human-baboon conflict to escalate . But the problem is n't confined only to the Cape , as baboons are increasingly venturing into towns and villages across southern Africa in search of food , often leaving a trail of damage in their wake . In the farming village of Barrydale , a four-hour drive from Cape Town , baboons are a growing problem . While some local farmers say they want to shoot baboons found in the village , others favor a more sustainable solution . Report : Central African gorillas may go extinct Jenny Trethowan , of advocacy group Baboon Matters , is known as the "  Baboon Lady " back in Cape Town . She has spent her career trying to protect the primates in the Cape Peninsula , of which there are more than 400 . In Barrydale , she sees an opportunity to tackle the problem before it gets out of hand . "  What is so exciting about the Barrydale scenario is the fact that they are being extremely proactive , " Trethowan told CNN . "  In many of the other areas it 's been a long time , where baboons have become habituated and trained . Now in Barrydale they are saying ` let 's stop this behavior quickly before it gets started , ' and that 's enormously exciting for me . " Trethowan has pinned her hopes on implementing a baboon-monitoring program in the village . At the Joshua Baboon Rehabilitation Project , just outside Barrydale , Baboon Matters is training locals to be baboon monitors . The monitors are tasked with patrolling Barrydale and herding baboons away from homes and farms . "  If we can get the monitoring program going quickly before the baboons are habituated I believe we stand a good chance of success here , " said Trethowan . Nola Frazier runs the Joshua Baboon Rehabilitation Project and supports the village 's monitoring program . "  I do n't think the baboon problem is going to go away , " Frazier told CNN . "  It 's a learning curve . It 's something that 's happening here ; it 's happening all over South Africa . " An existing monitoring program on the Cape is yielding benefits . Statistics from the Baboon Research Unit show human-induced injuries to baboons are at their lowest for five years . Deaths are also down , and the baboon population is up , which means encounters with humans are more likely . African football academy creates future stars When she 's not helping to run monitoring programs , Trethowan takes tourists on walks around the Cape Peninsula to see baboons in what she hopes will be their natural habitat . But despite the monitors ' best efforts , the baboons sometimes stray from their natural environment . The smell of cooking , and windows left open , are practically an invitation to hungry baboons , whose food raids can result in damage to property . "  When I take people to walk , I never describe baboons as something they are not , " said Trethowan . "  They do cause incredible damage , and the ideal thing would be for them to be on the mountain and not in the village . "  The monitors can struggle without a doubt . What 's frustrating to me is to see the residents make little effort to help the monitors . If they were working with the monitors more , the monitors would be more efficient . " When it comes to taking on one of the continent 's most opportunistic animals , researchers and advocates say there are no easy answers . "  Baboons are definitely incredibly opportunistic and incredibly adaptable , so from a management point of view it makes it incredibly difficult , " said Trethowan . But she said it 's these same characteristics that drew her into a life of advocacy for baboons . "  It is hugely amazing to watch how these baboons will adapt to a situation and will seize an opportunity and work with whatever they 've got , " she told CNN . "  I think we 've got a lot to learn from them , in hopes of showing more people the positives in an animal so often labeled a problem . " Robyn Curnow and Mark Tutton contributed to this report	Disappearing natural habitats are causing conflict between baboons and humans Baboons raid towns and villages in search of food Baboon Matters organizes teams of monitors to herd baboons away from villages Monitoring programs can reduce human-induced injuries to baboons
CNN  -- Oil company BP says it has resumed pumping oil to a ship on the surface after a weekend setback that halted efforts to siphon off the crude spewing from a damaged well at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico . Crews re-inserted the tube into the well 's riser stack Sunday . The 4-inch pipe is now connected to a ship on the surface , 5,000 feet above the sea floor , and is pumping oil back to the surface , BP spokesman Mark Proegler told CNN . If successful , the technique will capture most of the oil that is pouring out of the well . The well has been spewing an estimated 210,000 gallons , or 5,000 barrels , of light sweet crude a day into the Gulf since the sinking of the drill platform Deepwater Horizon in late April . "  In terms of containing the flow , this was a positive step forward , " said Kent Wells , a senior vice president for BP . Wells said that crews were operating the tool cautiously as they make adjustments to achieve an optimal flow rate up to the drill ship . "  We 'll look over the next day or two as we continue to optimize this to see the impact we can have on reducing the amount of flow " from the ruptured pipe , he said . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar issued a joint statement Sunday expressing caution about the effectiveness of the insertion tube . "  This technique is not a solution to the problem , and it is not yet clear how successful it may be , " the statement said . "  We are closely monitoring BP 's test with the hope that it will contain some of the oil , but at the same time , federal scientists are continuing to provide oversight and expertise to BP as they move forward with other strategies to contain the spill and stop the flow of oil . " The effort was dealt a setback Friday night , when the frame holding the insertion tube shifted and prevented the surface vessel from connecting to it , said Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer for exploration and production . The system was able to capture some of the leaking oil and pipe it aboard a drill ship on the surface overnight and burned off some of the natural gas released in the process , according to a statement from the joint BP-Coast Guard command center leading the response to the oil spill . Wells said the next step in stopping the flow will be a "  top kill " procedure in which a large amount of kill mud -- a heavy fluid used in drilling operations -- is inserted into the well bore to reduce pressure and reduce flow . Once the pressure is reduced , BP hopes to be able to entomb the well in cement , effectively cutting off the gusher . The statement from Napolitano and Salazar emphasized the importance of that step , saying "  We will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead , the spill is cleaned up , and the communities and natural resources of the Gulf Coast are restored and made whole . " Wells said the mud will be pumped through the bottom of the well 's blowout preventer at a maximum rate of 40 barrels  1,680 gallons  a minute . "  So with all of the pumping horsepower we have on the surface , we 'll be able to pump far faster than the well can flow , and it 's about us outracing the well , " he said . Preparations for the top kill procedure will take place over the next seven to 10 days , Wells said . The slick from the spill has spread across much of the northern Gulf of Mexico , with bits of oil washing up periodically onto the shores of Louisiana 's barrier islands . Suttles said the application of underwater dispersants -- a tactic approved for use Friday -- appears to be working . "  The oil in the immediate vicinity of the well and the ships and rigs working in the area is diminished from previous observations , " he said after flying over the area Saturday . The Coast Guard and the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the decision to use subsea dispersants is an "  important step " aimed at reducing potential damage from the spill , because dispersants can be more effective underwater than on the ocean 's surface . But more recent estimates suggest the actual volume of oil could be far higher than the estimated 5,000 barrels per day . Ray Highsmith , executive director of the University of Mississippi 's National Institute for Undersea Science and Technology , said that plumes of oil appear to have settled beneath the surface . "  We 're clearly detecting something , " Highsmith said . Either oil has settled on the bottom or it has risen to the surface and sunk again , as happened in the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill . "  This is a very different spill than we 've ever had before , and we need to learn as much about it as we can , " he said . The underwater gusher began after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon . The explosion and subsequent fire caused the Deepwater Horizon to sink two days later , prompting oil to begin spilling from the well . BP was leasing the rig from Transocean . CNN 's David Mattingly and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	BP : "  In terms of containing the flow , this was a positive step forward " Government officials express caution over procedure 's effectiveness If technique succeeds , it will capture most of the oil gushing from well Underwater dispersants appear to be working , official says
CNN  -- Scores of child soldiers , some of them as young as eight years old , have been rescued from an armed group in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the U.N. mission in the African nation said . The 82 children , 13 of them girls , were recovered since Sunday from the Mayi Mayi Bakata Katanga armed group in the southeastern Katanga province , MONUSCO said Friday in a statement . The children , aged up to 17 years , had reportedly been recruited by the armed group within the past six months , it said . Forty of them have been reunited with their parents . The others are being cared for until they can be returned home , the statement said . "  We are extremely concerned by continued reports of active recruitment by Mayi Mayi Bakata Katanga and other armed groups in eastern DRC , " said MONUSCO chief Martin Kobler . "  Children face unacceptable risks when they are recruited for military purposes . The recruitment of children , particularly those under 15 years of age , could constitute a war crime and those responsible must be held to account . " Child protection agencies in the province orchestrated the rescues , MONUSCO said . Since the start of the year , 163 children , including 22 girls , have been rescued from Mayi Mayi Bakata Katanga by MONUSCO and child protection workers , the statement said . The country 's mineral-rich eastern part is at the epicenter of a political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda , and has long been embroiled in violence . The region 's humanitarian crisis involves 2.6 million internally displaced people , the United Nations says , with 6.4 million people in need of food and emergency aid . Nearly 20,000 troops are deployed in the Democratic Republic of Congo as part of the MONUSCO peacekeeping force .	82 child soldiers have been rescued from an armed group , U.N mission says 13 girls were among the children rescued from the Mayi Mayi Bakata Katanga The children range from 8 to 17 years in age ; 40 have been reunited with their families The Democratic Republic of the Congo has a long history of violence
Washington  CNN  Rick Santorum says he 'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "  fix " to his state 's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope . The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana , led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA , amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers . Santorum , the former Republican senator from Pennsylvania , who is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016 , said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday that Pence 's decision to sign a follow-up bill -- which made clear the law could n't be used to refuse services based on sexual orientation -- led to a "  limited view " of religious freedom . "  It does n't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues , " Santorum said -- a reference to gay rights issues . With the Supreme Court set to rule in June on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized nationwide , social conservatives like Santorum have asserted that Christian bakers , florists and wedding photographers should n't be forced to provide their services to same-sex weddings . The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP 's 2016 contenders into the debate , with candidates like Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz rushing to Pence 's defense . "  Tolerance is a two-way street , " Santorum said . "  If you 're a print shop and you are a gay man , should you be forced to print ` God hates fags ' for the Westboro Baptist Church because they hold those signs up ? " Santorum said . "  Should the government force you to do that ? " he said . "  And that 's what these cases are all about . This is about the government coming in saying , ` No -- we 're going to make you do this . ' And this is where I think we just need some space to say , ` Let 's have some tolerance -- have it be a two-way street . ' " Gay rights groups , meanwhile , have used the outrage over Indiana 's law -- as well as a similar one that Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson signed into law -- and debate in at least 14 other states over similar measures this year to renew their calls for state laws that bar discrimination based on sexual orientation . Sarah Warbelow , the Human Rights Campaign 's legal director , said the debate could shift to states like Texas and South Carolina , where similar bills have been introduced . She said tech companies like Facebook and Google are increasingly wading into the debate because they 're recognizing that "  nondiscrimination protections are critical to every area of their employees ' lives . " Cardinal Timothy Dolan , the archbishop of the Catholic archdiocese in New York , said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday that the debate over religious freedom calls for a "  delicate balance . " "  We 've got to make sure that the rights of conscience and the ability to publicly exercise one 's religion is also balanced with another good -- namely , the rights of people not to be discriminated against , " he said . "  It 's easier to ignore religious freedom than it is , today , the more popular issues , " Dolan said . "  In a way , I appreciate the fact that we have political leaders like Gov. Pence that are saying , ` Whoa , wait a minute . Without questioning the rights of the gay community , we also have to make sure that the rights of the religious community are protected . ' " "  I just wish we could do that in a temperate , civil way , instead of screaming at each other , " he said .	Rick Santorum says "  religious freedom " debate is about government telling people what to do Santorum , a likely 2016 GOP presidential candidate , weighs in on Indiana Gov. Mike Pence 's decision
BENTON HARBOR , Michigan  CNN  -- Former President Bush said that if Laura Bush had n't been his wife , he is n't sure he could have counted on her vote . Laura Bush 's "  patience and her enthusiasm ... made our marriage a really good marriage , " President Bush said . "  I can promise you that her life dream when she was growing up was not to be first lady of the United States , " he told a Michigan audience in one of his first major domestic speeches since leaving the White House . "  Frankly , I am not so sure that if we had n't married , she 'd have voted for me , " he joked of his wife , who was raised in a Democratic family . The high-tension atmosphere of the presidency strengthened his marriage , Bush said . "  There 's a lot of pressure in the White House , as I 'm sure you can imagine . Pressure sometimes can make a marriage stronger or weaker . In my case because of her patience and her enthusiasm , it made our marriage a really good marriage , " Bush said . The pressure of the presidency , he said , weighs most on family members . "  It 's much harder to be the son of the president than to be the president . And it 's much harder to be the father of the president than to be the president , " he said in a reference to his dad , former President George H.W. Bush . "  And I used to have to admonish him not pay attention to what they were writing on the editorial pages about his son . I had gone through the same agony myself . And so I am confident that the end of the presidency is a great relief because of our strong love . " Something else Bush called a great relief : having a vice president , Dick Cheney , who had no plans to run for the top spot . "  I was pleased to have someone serve as my vice president who was not running for president , because someone who is running for president , at times , will try to distance themselves , " Bush said . "  If things got tough , -LSB- he -RSB- could be one of the first persons off the ship , and that would be really unpleasant in the White House . " Bush said he was n't surprised to lose public support for some of the main elements of his national security agenda . "  I was frustrated because the stakes were so high in some of the decisions that I had to make . I was n't surprised that people would forget the feeling of how they felt after September 11 . I was grateful that people were moving beyond September 11 . As a president , you do n't want your nation to be so worried about an attack that people do n't go about their lives . ... The psychology of the nation concerned me . Which then made it harder to get people to listen to you , to some of the decisions I made . " The fact that Americans tuned out media coverage of the risk of terrorism was n't surprising to him either , he said ; he ignored most news coverage himself . "  The truth of the matter is , I never watched the nightly news , because it was predictable , I thought . Nor did I ever pay attention to the editorial pages , good editorials or bad , " he said . "  I knew what was in the news . When you 're president , you can get so obsessed with this stuff that I felt it would cloud your vision . "  The truth of the matter is , there is so much attention paid to you , I thought it was important even in the toughest moments to be upbeat and not to be so worried about myself that I could n't convey a sense of confidence . " He mused on the transition to a far calmer existence after the presidency . "  People ask , what is it like ? Well , I have never stopped at a traffic light for eight years , " he said . "  The neighborhood we live in is nice . You know , Laura bought this house sight unseen . At least she saw . I did n't . It was like a faith-based initiative . " Bush will take the stage Friday night with former President Clinton in Toronto , Ontario , for what 's being termed a "  conversation . "	Ex-President Bush gives one of first major domestic speeches after White House Bush discusses his marriage and life after presidency "  I am not so sure that if we had n't married , she 'd have voted for me , " Bush says Bush also says he was n't surprised to lose public support on security issues
CNN  Does Islam have anything to do with the terrorist atrocities in Paris last week ? The short , uncomfortable , answer is : Of course it does . Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists : A magazine that in the terrorists ' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed . Before they died on Friday , one of the Kouachi brothers who carried out the attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine spoke on the phone to a French journalist , saying , "  We are just telling you that we are the defenders of Prophet Mohammed . " Consider that the other target of the terrorists was a kosher store serving Jews . Virulent anti-Semitism is , of course , a staple of militant Islamist ideology . Militants can point to the Quranic verse , "  O believers , take not Jews and Christians as friends , " as religious "  proof " for this position . Consider also that the three terrorists believed in their own minds that they were holy warriors who would die "  martyred " in their holy war and that they would live on in Paradise . One of the terrorists , Cherif Kouachi , planned to fight in the Iraq War against the Americans but was detained by French authorities in 2005 before could execute his plan . Kouachi told French investigators that "  the wise leaders in Islam told him and his friends that if they die as martyrs in jihad they would go to heaven " and "  that martyrs would be greeted by more than 60 virgins in a big palace in heaven . " This refers to the hadith , or saying of the Prophet Mohammed , that martyrs will enjoy the favor of 72 virgins . Before he was killed , another of the terrorists , Amedy Coulibaly , recorded a "  martyrdom " video in which pledged his allegiance to the leader of ISIS . In the video he said , "  I am firstly addressing the caliph of the Muslims Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . ... I pledged allegiance to the Caliph as soon as the caliphate was declared . " This statement refers to the belief that a Muslim caliphate , or empire , will stretch across the Muslim world and will be led by a caliph , who is the political and religious successor of the Prophet Mohammed . The fact that the Paris attacks have something to do with Islamic beliefs can not be wished away either by claims that Islam is simply a religion of peace , or by political correctness , or because we live in an increasingly secularized modern era that often does n't take deeply held religious beliefs sufficiently seriously .  Nor , of course , does it mean that Muslims who reject fanatical beliefs bear any kind of responsibility for what happened in Paris , as Rupert Murdoch suggested in a much-criticized tweet , or have a particular obligation to do something to fight extremism . The reason that Islamist militants can assert that jihad is necessary against the perceived enemies of Islam is that there is sufficient ammunition in the Quran to buttress their beliefs . The same could also , of course , be said for the Old Testament , which is full of scenes of violent death visited on the enemies of God . And it is also the case that only a tiny minority of Muslims are willing to do violence in the name of Allah . Nonetheless , a well-known verse in the Quran , which for believers is literally the Word of God , commands Muslims that they "  fight and slay the nonbelievers wherever you find them , seize them , beleaguer them , and lie in wait for them in every stratagem -LSB- of war -RSB- . " The same verse adds that if the nonbelievers "  repent " and pay what is rendered in some translations of the Quran as charity to the poor and in others as a tax to Muslims , then they can be spared . Indeed , when Osama bin Laden made a formal declaration of war against "  the Jews and the Crusaders " in 1998 , he cited this Quranic verse at the beginning of his declaration . Assertions , therefore , that Islamist terrorism has nothing to do with Islam are as nonsensical as claims that the Crusades had nothing to do with Christian beliefs about the sanctity of Jerusalem or that the exponential growth of Israeli settlements on Palestinian lands are not rooted in the beliefs of certain fundamentalist Jewish groups about the God-given rights of Jews to live in their God-given homeland . After Paris attacks , seven questions being asked about Islam Indeed , there is an explicitly religious civil war driven by terrorist groups such as ISIS , al Qaeda and Hezbollah unfolding in the Middle East in countries such as Iraq , Syria and Yemen that pits ultrafundamentalist Sunnis against ultrafundamentalist Shias . This war could well replicate the religious Thirty Years ' War that tore apart 17th century Europe in both viciousness and length . Already hundreds of thousands have died in these conflicts . Elements in the Gulf Arab states and Iran have helped to foment this regional civil war . Certain Gulf Arabs support proxy jihadist Sunni groups such as al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , while Iran supports Shia militant forces such as Hezbollah . Islam is , to be sure , a big tent and the one and a half billion Muslims in the world run the gamut from mystical , moderate , pacific Sufis to Salafists . Salafism is an ultrafundmentalist branch of Islam that is particularly prevalent in Saudi Arabia . Salafism is intolerant of what its adherents consider to be Islamic deviancy such as Shia Islam , as well as of other religions such as Judaism or Christianity , and it offers scant roles for women outside the home . Salafism is not , however , a gateway to violence for the tens of millions of its peaceful adherents around the world . That said , while very few Salafists are terrorists , jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists . A similar point could also be made about Christian fundamentalists in the United States : Very few kill abortion clinic doctors , but anyone who kills an abortion clinic doctor in the States is almost invariably a Christian fundamentalist . For terrorists such as those who carried out the attacks in Paris last week , their Salafism also became increasingly politicized . To boil it down , they adopted the ideology of what can be termed "  Binladenism , " as it was Osama bin Laden who laid out this ideology for a global audience in a series of interviews and statements he made before he was killed in 2011 . Before we get into an explanation of this ideology , it might be helpful to explore what an ideology is : It is an idea or set of ideas that claims to fully explain the world and , often , history itself . Examples of such ideologies might include Marxist-Leninism , which claimed that history could only be understood in material terms as a class struggle between the capitalists and the workers . Another such ideology was Nazism , which asserted that the German/Aryan race 's rightful , dominant place in the world could only be attained by the enslavement or elimination of supposedly inferior ethnic groups , particularly Jews . Ideologies , by their nature , are not susceptible to challenges posed by countervailing evidence . Whether they are secular  Marxist-Leninism  or they are religious , they are fundamentally theological in the sense they are belief systems that are not open to question or scientific inquiry . You either believe . Or you do n't . Common to many ideologies is the belief that history has a direction and a purpose and that at the end of this history , the world will be transformed into a utopia . In Marxist-Leninism 's case , this utopia was the classless society of true communism , and for Nazism , it was the Thousand Year Reich . In the minds of the true believers , the only possible explanation for why these nirvanas have n't been attained as yet is that a pesky set of enemies are standing in the way . Since such groups are blocking the creation of utopia , they are not simply just obtuse , they are , in fact , evil and therefore must be exterminated . This belief explains both Stalin 's campaign to murder millions of Russians who were purported to be counterrevolutionaries as well as Hitler 's Holocaust . Similarly , the ideology of Binladenism is the belief that the world will finally be made perfect after the restoration of a Taliban-style Caliphate that will stretch across the Muslim world from Indonesia to Morocco . Its supporters brand as evil the people and nations that they perceive are standing in the way of this dream , including Jews , Israel , any Middle Eastern regime that does n't follow Taliban-style rule , the United States and its Western allies such as France . In bin Laden 's telling , there was a global conspiracy by the West and its puppet allies in the Muslim world to destroy true Islam , and this conspiracy is led by the United States . Religious-based moral outrage about Western foreign policy in the Muslim world -- a key tenet of the ideology of Binladenism -- is a recurring theme that crops up with many militant Islamist militants . The Paris terrorists shared in this . One of the terrorists , Amedy Coulibaly , recorded a video before he died , saying that the bombing of ISIS positions in Syria and Iraq by Western countries had motivated his attacks : "  If you attack the Islamic State , we will attack you . ... You and your coalition , you bombarded regularly over there . " For the Paris terrorists , as it was for bin Laden , the only answer to the purported Western assaults on Islam is revenge . That explains 9/11 , and it also explains the terrorist attacks in Paris last week . To claim that these attacks had nothing to do with a number of Islamic beliefs -- albeit cherrypicked -- is preposterous .	Peter Bergen : Debate rages about whether attacks have anything to do with Islam He says they are inspired by some Islamic precepts but come from ultrafundamentalist interpretations
CNN  -- Why Indianapolis ? Super Bowl visitors will enjoy the fabulous Super Bowl parties and the very best of this Midwestern city 's arts , music and food festivals tailored specially for this sports-filled week . And when the Super Bowl party-goers leave and the confetti has been cleaned up , the locals will return to enjoying their city . Whether you 're traveling to Indianapolis for the Super Bowl or taking a trip later , here 's where the locals have fun -- and where they recommend you go , too . A music scene that covers all the bases Indianapolis has some world-class music talent that music writer Ryan Williams is always eager to share with out-of-towners . Williams focuses his music blog on the Fountain Square neighborhood but loves music all over the city . Check NUVO.net and do317.com for band schedules and times . Williams ' favorite venues include : The Melody Inn is Indy 's version of CBGBs with a line-up that heavily favors punk and louder sounds , except for more roots and country material on Friday evenings . Radio Radio is a smoke-free space that puts together an eclectic blend of indie rock , rockabilly and touring artists . The Vogue hosts dance nights most nights , but larger touring acts make their way through here as well  and those shows are usually smoke-free as well  . Locals Only really does welcome everyone to their line-up of local rock , blues and hip-hop . Jazz fans can choose the small club feel of the Chatterbox or the larger dinner/show feel of the Jazz Kitchen . The latter choice also features R&B , soul and hip-hop . Local , sustainable food with a kick Although the Midwest has a reputation for meatloaf and casseroles , there 's a burgeoning food scene in Indianapolis . When Brad and Nancy Royal opened City Caf  downtown in 2000 , residents did n't focus much on local , independent restaurants . And their downtown neighborhood pretty much closed up after work . So they decided to offer breakfast and lunch with a sustainable bent at their 15-table restaurant and skip dinner so they could focus on family life at night . Over a decade later , their restaurant is part of a growing independent restaurant and arts scene downtown , where artists are making their mark and chefs are using local and sustainable food in their menus . Even in winter , Chef Brad Royal 's special always features local ingredients . And do n't worry if there 's a wait . Nancy Royal , who runs the front of the house , promises the tables turn quickly . The restaurant will serve dinner during the Super Bowl week , so call for special hours . Indianapolis is home to some great Greek food . To get some of the best Greek food in the country , longtime residents often recommend Santorini Greek Kitchen in Fountain Square . To get off the beaten path , turn to IndyEthnicFood.com for its recommendations .  It also has a Super Bowl week guide . For dessert , head to the Flying Cupcake Bakery on Mass Ave with at least 12 choices daily  and extended hours and specials for Super Bowl weekend  . Try its ugly but delicious Red Velvet Elvis cupcake , with extra added chocolate chips turning the cupcake into a brownie-cake . There will also be cupcakes for each Super Bowl team and a special "  snack food " cupcake made of pretzel crust , chocolate cake , peanut butter cream cheese filling and topped with icing and chocolate covered pretzel bits . To step back in time , head to the L.S. Ayres Tea Room at the Indiana State Museum , which recreates the historic Tea Room  open 1906-1990  . A proper lunch is served Monday through Saturday and high tea is served on Sunday . Reservations are required on Sunday and are recommended the rest of the week . For the history buff , and the shopper Art history and Civil War buffs alike will enjoy the Herron-Morton Place historic district , which is named for two institutions : Camp Morton , a Civil War prison camp , and the John Herron Art Institute . After soaking up some history , head to Minx to delve into store owner Jennifer Mentzer 's collection of mostly vintage clothing , purses and other accessories -- including some designer pieces . "  My mission is to encourage people to care about what they wear and maybe try something different , " says Mentzer , who opened her most recent shop in August . "  We do have a few modern things , but they are highly curated . " For children , or people who act like children Often rated one of the best children 's museums in the country , locals say the Children 's Museum of Indianapolis , with a Dale Chihuly blown-glass permanent sculpture and working carousel , is not to be missed . For a louder experience , try a hidden gem downtown : the Rhythm ! Discovery Center , a hands-on project of the Percussive Arts Society . Get ready for some volume -- the center has more than 150 instruments for children and adults to play as well as interactive learning exhibits . To buy some unusual gifts for your child  no Disney or Barbies here  , head to Mass Avenue Toys , where children , their parents and people acting like children can play with a carefully selected collection of European and other toys . Then head to the nearby Flying Cupcake Bakery  see more information in the food section above  . For the wanderer Indianapolis has become friendly to people who like to walk and wander , as long as you 're ready for temperatures ranging in the 40s during the day and the 30s at night . Bustling walkable areas include the Broadripple District 's nightlife and shops , Mass Ave 's galleries and theater and the music scene in Fountain Square . The Canal and White River State Park , which has lovely walking paths , also features the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art and the Indiana State Museum . Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay 's collection at the state museum houses some of Irsay 's NFL collection , Jack Kerouac 's original manuscript for "  On the Road " and musical instruments from Grateful Dead founder Jerry Garcia and others . If you 're from Indianapolis or live there now , what 's your favorite restaurant , art gallery , independent store or place to hear music ? Share your recommendations in the comments section below .	Indy 's music scene ranges from punk to jazz to jams A local and sustainable food scene is thriving Children can ride a carousel or bang a drum Walkers can bundle up for urban walks in winter
CNN  -- Halle Berry is talking about becoming a mother for the second time at 46 . "  I feel fantastic . This has been the biggest surprise of my life to tell you the truth , " said Berry in an interview with CNN 's Alina Cho . In the interview , Berry spoke about her work with designer Michael Kors and the U.N. World Food Programme to fight hunger . The Academy Award-winning actress and fiance Olivier Martinez are expecting their first child together . "  I thought I was kind of past the point where this could be a reality for me . So it 's been a big surprise and the most wonderful , " the actress said . In the interview with CNN 's Alina Cho , Berry said she did not know if she was having boy , as some other media outlets have reported . Berry has been engaged to Martinez , 47 , a French actor , for more than a year . Berry also has a daughter , Nahla , 5 , with her ex-boyfriend , Canadian model Gabriel Aubry . Berry waged a difficult custody battle with Aubry when she wanted to move with Nahla to France . The estranged couple reached a settlement in November .	Halle Berry expecting her second baby at 46 Actress says she feels "  fantastic , " calling news of baby a "  surprise " Oscar winner and Olivier Martinez are expecting their first child together
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The nation 's new chief intelligence officer delivered the annual threat assessment to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday , but his first topic was the economy . Dennis Blair said the worldwide effects of the economic crisis could lead to instability in governments . "  The primary near-term security concern of the United States is the global economic crisis and its geopolitical implications , " said Dennis Blair , who was approved last month as the director of national intelligence for President Obama . Blair said the worldwide effects of the economic crisis -- from countries cutting back on their defense obligations to their mishandling of humanitarian issues -- could lead to instability in governments . Such instability could help foster terrorist movements and activities , Blair said . "  Time is probably our greatest threat , " Blair said in prepared remarks released before he spoke to the committee . "  The longer it takes for the recovery to begin , the greater the likelihood of serious damage to U.S. strategic interests . " In his first appearance before Congress in his new post , Blair addressed topics ranging from cyber-terrorism to al Qaeda . Asked by committee member Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , about the possibility of a cyber-terrorism attack on the nation 's power-grid system , Blair said that "  a couple of years ago ,  it would have been  a piece of cake . " Changes and security upgrades in the system have reduced the possibility of a debilitating attack on the power system , Blair said . But "  a very skilled attack by a group that knew what it was doing could cause us some problems , so there 's work still to be done there , " he said . Extremist Muslim groups still pose the biggest threat for terrorist attacks , but there has been "  notable progress " in turning Muslim opinion against such groups , including al Qaeda , he said . "  Because of the pressure we and our allies have put on al Qaeda 's core leadership in Pakistan and the continued decline of al Qaeda 's most prominent regional affiliate in Iraq , al Qaeda today is less capable and effective than it was a year ago , " he added . Regarding Iran 's nuclear-development capabilities , Blair said that nation "  is clearly developing all the components of nuclear material . " He estimated that Iran could produce a nuclear weapon by 2015 . The United States and other Western nations believe Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapons program , but Iran says it is developing nuclear capability to produce energy . International pressure will be the main factor in getting Iran to drop any nuclear military aspirations , Blair said . "  Whether they  Iran  take it all the way to developing nuclear arms and becoming a nuclear power -- I do n't think it 's a done deal either way , " he said . But he added that getting Iran to stay away from nuclear military development will take a concerted international effort . "  It 's not going to be like falling off a log , " he said .	National intelligence chief says global crisis could destabilize foreign governments Dennis Blair says such instability could foster terrorist activities Blair notes success in turning Muslim public opinion against extremist groups Blair says international pressure is main way to get Iran to drop nuclear military plans
CNN  -- Rejection -- even repeated rejection -- does n't have to mean defeat . That , it turns out , is the lasting lesson of the Chuck Ross story . You may recognize the name ; two Sundays ago , I wrote about J.K. Rowling , the spectacularly successful author of the Harry Potter books , and about how she has published a detective novel under the name Robert Galbraith . In the column , I recalled what a young and frustrated writer -- Chuck Ross -- did in the 1970s . To briefly recap : Ross had written a mystery novel that had been turned down everywhere he sent it . So , as an experiment to see how the publishing business really worked , he retyped a National Book Award-winning novel -- "  Steps , " by Jerzy Kosinski -- and submitted it to 14 major publishers and 13 top agents . But he did n't put a title on it , and he did n't put Kosinski 's name on it . Every publisher and every agent turned it down . None recognized that they were rejecting a book that had already been a bestseller and had already won the National Book Award . So much for talent being judged on its own merit . A fine and funny tale , some 35 years ago . But what happened to Chuck Ross ? "  When I was in my 20s , I had been selling cable television subscriptions door-to-door in Santa Monica , California , " Ross told me the other day . He is 61 now . He had written his mystery novel in his spare time . "  I taught myself to touch-type , " he said . What really bothered him about his mystery novel being turned down by every publisher to whom he sent it was not just that the various editors claimed not to like it -- but that they had n't bothered to give it a thorough reading . How did he know that ? He was a highly creative young writer ; to set his manuscript apart from all the others that authors send in , he had thought up a gimmick . He had put a little seal on the last few pages of the manuscript -- the pages that were the payoff to his story . It was intended to be a clever enticement ; when the editors at the publishing houses got to the end , they would remove the little seal to read the climax of the book . But when every publisher sent the manuscript back to him , with letters telling him why they did n't want his story , he noticed something : The seals on the last few pages had not been broken . Not on any of the manuscripts . No one at the publishing houses had read the book all the way through , or even flipped to the end to see how Ross had wrapped up the story . "  Rather depressing , " he told me the other day . That 's when he got the idea to send Kosinski 's prize-winning book in without Kosinski 's name on it . He wanted to see if even a proven bestseller , without a well-known byline , would get a fair shake . He found out . The repeated rejection of that book , he said , did n't depress him the way the rejections of the mystery novel had : "  With the Kosinski book , it was n't my work they were rejecting -- it was his . "  J.K. Rowling , in her younger days , probably could have identified with all of this . Her first Harry Potter manuscript was rejected by a number of publishers -- some reports say it was as many as a dozen -- before one house decided to take a chance on it . I asked Chuck Ross : When the news of his Kosinski ploy got out and was widely publicized back in the '70s , did any of the publishers and agents salute his ingenuity , and offer to take another look at his own mystery novel ? "  No . " Did they encourage him to send them future work ? "  No . " But , despite that , Ross triumphed . "  I 'm an optimistic guy , " he said . "  I wake up on the sunny side of the bed . " He wrote a terrific piece about the Kosinski stunt for New West magazine , which at the time was very popular in California . The story got a good reception , and he received more assignments from the magazine . On the strength of that , he realized that he might be able to make a living as a writer . He was able to quit the door-to-door cable-subscription-selling job , and went on to staff writing and editing jobs at a series of publications . He worked for the Hollywood Reporter , served as a reporter on the television beat for the San Francisco Chronicle , went to Inside Media , became an editor and reporter for Advertising Age , was named editor of the trade publication Electronic Media , became that magazine 's editor and publisher when it was renamed TV Week , and , when it went online-only , was named its managing director , the job he has today . In short , after those initial rejections -- both of his mystery novel and of the retyped Kosinski book -- he has managed to make a lifelong career out of the written word . Along the way , he got married and has four children . "  I have no regrets at all , " he said . He never did have a book published ; he 's certain that the mystery novel he wrote in the '70s is stored in a box or trunk somewhere -- "  I do n't throw things away " -- but he has n't seen it in years . It does n't matter . He wanted to find a good life as a writer , and he did . And the initial turn-downs are what , in their own unexpected way , helped him to find it . "  Sometimes , " he said , "  it takes a little luck . " And sometimes , things have a way of working out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Chuck Ross became famous for stunt he pulled on publishing industry He submitted famous novel as manuscript ; it got turned down by all Bob Greene : Ross turned tale of his experience into the beginning of a successful career Ross managed to make a living from writing , editing , despite challenges
CNN  -- One of the heroes of the French Resistance against Nazi occupation , Raymond Aubrac , has died in Paris at the age of 97 . With his passing , France has lost one of its few remaining links to an era that brought both humiliation and inspiration . French President Nicolas Sarkozy paid tribute to Aubrac Wednesday . "  These heroes of the shadows who saved France 's honor at a time when it seemed lost are disappearing one after the other , " he said . Foreign Minister Alain Juppe also spoke admiringly of Aubrac . "  His commitment , his courage , his refusal to give up , his attachment to the pride of France , " Juppe said , "  made him a hero of the Resistance -- notably alongside his wife , Lucie Aubrac . " Aubrac was a Jew of Polish origin whose real name was Raymond Samuel . Born in 1914 , he studied at Harvard before joining the French army . The Germans took him prisoner in 1940 but he escaped and with Lucie applied for visas to live in the United States . But they reconsidered the decision . "  We changed our minds : Could we really leave our families and our friends behind while our country was occupied ? " she later wrote . Hanna Diamond , an expert on wartime France and professor at the University of Bath in England , says Raymond and his wife were important in the Resistance as founding members of a group called Liberation-Sud , based in Lyon . Diamond met the Aubracs and wrote "  Fleeing Hitler : France 1940 . " She said that many like-minded people fled to the unoccupied part of France and used the relative freedom they had there to organize . Among them was Jean Moulin , a charismatic leader credited with bringing together different groups of the resistance . In June 1943 Moulin and Aubrac were captured , along with other resistance leaders , by the Lyon Gestapo , led at the time by the infamous Klaus Barbie . Barbie interrogated Moulin , and he was tortured to death . In a BBC interview earlier this year , Aubrac recalled that fateful day . "  I was sitting beside Moulin and when the Gestapo burst in , he told me : ' I have a piece of paper in my pocket . Make it disappear . ' "  So I put my hand in his pocket and took out the paper and swallowed it - which is not easy . I have no idea what was written on it . "  After the war , I came back to the house in Caluire -- and there on the mantelpiece in the waiting room was my pipe . Exactly where I had left it when the Gestapo came ! " Months after the arrests , Lucie -- though pregnant at the time -- organized one of the most dramatic rescues of the Resistance . She persuaded the Germans that she was pregnant by Raymond but not married to him  which was untrue  . The ruse worked and he was taken to the police headquarters in Lyon for a marriage ceremony . On the way back to the jail , Resistance fighters ambushed the detainees ' truck . Raymond and 13 other prisoners fled . Barbie was put on trial in Lyon in 1987 . He was charged with crimes against humanity for organizing the mass deportation of Jews from Lyon , as well as ordering massacres and carrying out torture . He was convicted and sentenced to life in prison and he died behind bars . Lucie died five years ago . Her fictionalized account of the couple 's wartime exploits , translated into English as "  Outwitting the Gestapo , " was turned into a film in 1997 , directed by Claude Berri . In the chaotic aftermath of the liberation in June 1944 , Aubrac became the commissioner of the new Republic in the port of Marseille . It was a time of nightmares , he recalled , with summary executions and retribution , a lack of government and no rule of law . For many years after the war Aubrac talked to schools about the Resistance and its goals . His message , he told the French newspaper Le Monde last month , was this : "  One thing always guided us -- optimism , the conviction that through what we were doing we could bring change . That 's what I tell young people . If you begin feeling beaten , you will achieve nothing . If you fight you will perhaps have a chance of achieving something . " But just who did what in the Resistance has frequently been a source of heated debate in France where there 's been much agonizing about collaboration with the Nazis and ambivalence about the Resistance . Diamond says there was also something of a backlash in France about the Aubracs ' celebrity . And in their waning years the role of the Aubracs was questioned because their accounts contained inconsistencies . A book published in 1997 even implicated the couple in the arrest of Resistance leaders at their meeting in June 1943 . The book included allegations from Klaus Barbie himself , who asserted that the Aubracs were the double agents who had informed him of the meeting . The couple later successfully sued the author . But Diamond says the allegations deeply wounded them . Another source of regret for Raymond Aubrac was his failure to persuade his parents to leave France for the safety of Switzerland even though he had secured false papers for them . "  My mother wanted to leave , " he later recalled , "  but my father paradoxically still had faith in Marshal Petain " -- then the ruler of Vichy France , the part unoccupied by Nazi forces . His parents were later captured by the French Milice  French Militia  and handed over to the Gestapo , and then transported to the concentration camp at Auschwitz where they died . To the very end , Aubrac preferred thinking of the present and the future rather than his storied past . In his interview with Le Monde last month he recalled studying at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1937 under the great economist Joseph Schumpeter who had taught that technological change transformed civilizations as well as economies . "  There is now a generation of young people for whom there is nothing on offer , " he said . "  They do n't feel that society needs them , that they should prepare to play a role . When they tell me they will be unemployed , whatever they do , I find that very troubling . " Asked what he was most proud of , he replied his decision to be with Lucie . They were married for 68 years . "  In life , you know , there are three or four fundamental choices . The rest is a matter of luck . "	Raymond Aubrac was a hero in the French Resistance against Nazi Germany The 97-year-old and wife Lucie , who died 5 years ago , were instrumental in the historic group Aubrac was a Jew of Polish descent ; he twice escaped Nazi capture
An attack on apartments that neighbors say were used as a brothel in Baghdad has killed at least 28 women and six men , security officials told CNN . Unidentified militants wearing military uniforms and street clothes stormed apartments Saturday in the Zayona residential complexes in eastern Baghdad , officials said . They fired their weapons in the streets before breaking down doors to enter the buildings , security officials and residents told CNN . Once inside , they killed the men and women , officials said . Attackers left a message on a door : "  This is the fate of any prostitution , " an Agence France-Presse correspondent on the scene reported . Residents told CNN the Shiite Asa ' b Ahl al-Haq organization carried out the attack . But the organization told CNN it does not have forces inside the city . There was no letup in violence Monday , with two car bombs in Baghdad and a roadside bomb in Iraqi 's semiautonomous Kurdish region . There were also ongoing clashes in Salaheddin province , 70 kilometers  about 44 miles  north of the capital . Two people were killed and 14 others wounded in the separate car bombings in the al-Bayaa and al-Alawi areas of Baghdad , police officials said . Meanwhile , a roadside bomb targeted a Kurdish police convoy patrolling a road between Sulaimaniya and Diyala provinces , killing one police officer , Kurdish Peshmerga officials told CNN . The area is controlled by the Peshmerga Kurdish fighters . In Salaheddin province , fighting between militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , and Iraqi forces backed by Sunni al-Jubouri tribesmen broke out late Saturday in Dhuluiya , police officials and a tribal representative told CNN . ISIS controls 50 % of the town , including the mayor 's office , municipal council and the police building , they said . Six security force members and tribal fighters have been killed in the fighting . ISIS , an al Qaeda splinter group , has led Sunni insurgents who have taken over large areas of northern and western Iraq in an offensive that began last month . The terrorist group has also made major gains in Syria in its quest to establish an Islamic state spanning both countries . "  ISIS terrorist groups started shelling the town with mortars from the northern side of the town , " the al-Jubouri spokesman said , before pickup trucks loaded with armed militants moved in to occupy government buildings . A YouTube video purportedly from ISIS shows militants raising a flag over the buildings . "  We are steadfast and will cleanse the town from them in 48 hours , " the al-Jubouri spokesman said . Inside Baghdad hospital , harrowing tales from the front line U.S. report on Iraqi readiness The initial U.S. military assessment of Iraqi security forces ordered by U.S. President Barack Obama was given Monday to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , a Pentagon spokesman said . Pentagon officials will review the report -- which assesses the capabilities , training , morale , leadership , and command and control of Iraq 's forces -- before giving the President recommendations for the next steps in supporting Iraq 's forces . Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said the United States has "  not moved to an advisory capacity at this point . " Two U.S. officials tell CNN a major concern that has been raised is the overwhelming sectarianism in Iraqi forces . In particular , U.S. commanders are concerned if they move into a direct advisory role of Iraqi government forces , it will be perceived as taking sides with the Iranian-backed Shiite elements inside Iraqi units . U.S. military personnel are also looking at why so many Iraqi units collapsed in the face of the initial ISIS advances and whether it is possible to even reconstitute those units to the point that U.S. advisers would be useful . The officials also said that if Baghdad was attacked , Iraqi forces would need help from Iranian-backed militia . Another concern is infiltration of Iraqi units by militants and potential green-on-blue attacks -- that is , attacks on U.S. personnel by members of the Iraqi forces . Kirby would not say what was in the report but noted , "  This is a lesson that certainly we learned in recent years from Afghanistan . We always keep in mind and have to keep in mind the insider threat , and we have to factor that in when we are doing work in a partnership capacity n a situation such as this , where it 's as dangerous as it is . " President Obama has authorized 300 military advisers in Iraq , 210 of which are there now . ISIS success in Syria ISIS also has been making gains in Syria . In the eastern Syria city of Deir Ezzor , militants took control of areas that had been held by other rebel groups , such has al-Nusra Front and the Free Syrian Army , the UK-based opposition group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The other rebels either left the city or pledged allegiance to ISIS , the observatory said . That means the city is controlled partly by the government and partly by ISIS . Deir Ezzor is 100 kilometers  62 miles  east of the Iraqi border . ISIS now controls about 95 % of greater Deir Ezzor province , which borders Iraq , the observatory said . In other violence over the weekend in Iraq , militants believed to be with ISIS attacked the city of Haditha from four directions , said Hameed Ahmed al-Hashim , a member of the Anbar provisional council , and two security officials in Haditha . A large military force backed by tribesmen defended the city , they said . Iraqi jet fighters bombed a bridge controlled by militants east of Falluja , causing structural damage , al-Hashim said . Three police officers were wounded when a roadside bomb exploded near their convoy in Kirkuk , a security official told CNN on Saturday .	U.S. worried about sectarianism in Iraqi forces , sources tell CNN Report : Militants left a message , "  This is the fate of any prostitution " Residents say Shiite group carried out attack , but it denies having forces in Baghdad Car bombings kill two in Baghdad ; roadside bomb targets a Kurdish police convoy
The man on the voicemail is flirty and clearly asking for a date . But it 's the name on the message that 's raising red flags . "  Hi , it 's your newly favorite congressman , Bob Filner . You know , the one who fell in love with you at your last speech , " he told Eldonna Fernandez . He also asked her out to dinner in the message . "  I do n't want to wait 'til you come back to have dinner with you , " he said . That message was left a year ago , while Filner was serving his 10th term as a U.S. congressman . He had met Fernandez at a National Women 's Veterans Association of America "  Healing and Hiring Fair . " When Fernandez got the message , she immediately deleted it . But when sexual harassment allegations against the now-San Diego mayor began to surface a few weeks ago , she remembered the "  creepy " message and was surprised to find it still sitting in her iPhone 's voicemail trash . "  Ugh . It creeps me out , it creeps me out , " Fernandez said . "  The guy 's got problems . " But the unwanted voicemail is n't the real problem for Fernandez . It 's where and to whom he made inappropriate advances . Dogged by sex scandal , Filner to enter counseling Fernandez , along with Army veteran Gerri Tindley , joins 11 other women who have publicly accused Filner , 70 , of making unwanted advances , from groping to verbal passes . They are also among at least eight female veterans and members of the National Women 's Veterans Association of America  NWVAA  in San Diego who have made accusations against the mayor . Almost all of the women say they were victims of sexual assault while they were in the military . The women , like Fernandez , say the former chairman of the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee used his significant power and credentials to access military sexual assault survivors , who they say are less likely to complain . Fernandez is a retired master sergeant from the Air Force . She served 23 years in the United States and was deployed to the Middle East after 9/11 . Secrets that women of San Diego no longer keep about its mayor She said she was raped three times during her service . Like many victims of military sexual assault and rape , she suffered in silence , believing the system would never support her . In civilian life , Fernandez now speaks openly about her assaults and is an active member of the NWVAA , which supports victims of military sexual assault . Fernandez was speaking at an NWVAA event in August 2012 when she exchanged business cards with Filner . "  He looks at my card . He looks at me . He says , ` Fernandez . Are you married ? Do you have a husband ? ' Very quick , very direct . I said , ` No , I 'm divorced . ' ` Well , you 're beautiful , and I ca n't take my eyes off you , and I want to take you to dinner . ' I was really shocked and I was like , ` Uh , OK , ' " Fernandez said . Then came the phone call and voicemail , which Fernandez never returned . Nurse accuses mayor of sexual harassment in his office Another veteran : Filner was rubbing me At the same NWVAA event where Fernandez spoke , Army vet Tindley gave a speech about her violent rape , which she said happened during her eight years of service . She bore a son from the sexual assault . Filner , who was running for mayor of San Diego at the time , was also scheduled to speak . In the green room , he asked Tindley about her rape . "  He got as close as he could to me . His jacket was touching my jacket , " Tindley said . "  I was bent down . He was bent down with me , rubbing like he cared , like he was consoling me . " Tindley said she felt uncomfortable as Filner moved closer and closer . So close , she said , that she nearly fell off the couch trying to move away from him . "  I felt very weird , " she said . When asked if she said anything , Tindley replied , "  What am I gon na say ? You 're a congressman . What am I gon na say to you ? What am I gon na say to his man ? Can he destroy my life , can he stop me from moving forward ? " Lawyer : Mayor never got harassment training A series of complaints Three weeks ago , as women began to step forward to reveal instances of sexual harassment , the veterans at the NWVAA began to compare notes . Tara Jones , the president of the group , said she 's spoken to seven to eight women who had varying encounters with Filner at the women 's veteran events , from groping to unwanted requests for dates . "  He went to dinners , asked women out to dinners , grabbed breasts , buttocks . The full gamut . Everything that is complete violation of what we stand for , " Jones said . "  He 's a sexual predator . And he used this organization for his own personal agenda . " Jones , who says she was raped while she was in the Navy , formed the NWVAA as a safe haven for military sexual assault victims . She invited Filner into her group , lavishing praise on his service to veterans while he was a congressman in Washington . She even stumped for him as he campaigned to be San Diego 's mayor . Jones remembers Filner 's speeches , where he has often called for a zero tolerance of sexual abuse in the armed forces . She said she feels not only outrage but also a deep and familiar sense of being victimized by a man of power . "  He preyed upon people who were vulnerable , who he knew nine times out of 10 would not speak up , that did n't have enough strength in them to speak up , " she said . "  It 's not OK . You need to not be in office . You need to be out of office . You need to not have the ability to prey on others . " That 's a sentiment that Fernandez shares . "  We 're all victims of military sexual assault . It appears to me that he was targeting the organization and hitting on the women of this organization because they were easy prey , " Fernandez said . "  He 's part of an organization that 's against sexual assault and sexual violence against women and sexual harassment . And he 's doing the very thing that we are fighting to make stop in our service and in our country . " Tindley questioned why Filner was in public office . "  How can you be a representative , take an oath , and be a predator ? Do you know how damaging that is for women who are truly victims of military sexual trauma or rape in general ? Who can we trust to help us ? " she asked . Filner checked into a two-week therapy program Monday to help him deal with his behavior . Calls to his spokeswoman were unreturned . Lee Burdick , Filner 's chief of staff , dodged CNN 's questions and would not answer to the latest allegations from the female veterans . Filner 's attorney Harvey Berger had no comment . Opinion : No room for lecherous mayors	Air Force and Army veteran describe unwanted advances from Bob Filner At least 8 female veterans have made claims against the San Diego mayor Female veterans ' group : "  He used this organization for his own personal agenda " Filner 's attorney had no comment to the most recent allegations
Former Baltimore Ravens owner Art Modell died Thursday , the team reported on its website . Modell , 87 , was an NFL owner for 43 years , during which his teams won two championships . He died peacefully of natural causes at Baltimore 's Johns Hopkins Hospital , the team said . " ` Poppy ' was a special man who was loved by his sons , his daughter-in-law Michel , and his six grandchildren , " Modell 's son , David Modell , said in a statement released by the team . "  Moreover , he was adored by the entire Baltimore community for his kindness and generosity . And , he loved Baltimore . He made an important and indelible contribution to the lives of his children , grandchildren and his entire community . We will miss him . " Modell made a large mark on the league as chairman of its television committee , which helped shape lucrative rights fees for game broadcasts . He led owners ' negotiations on the first collective bargaining agreement with players in 1968 , according to his team biography . He was also league president from 1967 to 1969 . Modell purchased the Cleveland Browns in 1961 for $ 4 million . The Browns won the National Football League championship in 1964 , two years before the NFL and the rival American Football League agreed to merge . In 1996 , he moved the team to Baltimore , where , playing as the Ravens , the team won the 2001 Super Bowl . He stepped aside as owner in 2003 . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley hailed Modell for his contributions to Baltimore and the state . "  He helped reinvigorate Baltimoreans ' sense of pride in their team and their city , " he said in a statement . Modell is survived by two sons and six grandchildren . His wife , Pat Modell , died last year . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Art Modell was an NFL owner for 43 years His teams won two championships He died Thursday at Johns Hopkins Hospital at 87 Modell helped "  reinvigorate Baltimoreans ' sense of pride , " Maryland governor says
CNN  -- Intan Suci Nurhati was on her way to a religious gathering when her sisters called to say they were under attack . "  They were running for their safety as they called , " she said . "  When I heard , I realized how far it was to the main compound , and I was like , ` Oh , my God . ' " Nurhati and her family are members of a Muslim minority sect called the Ahmadi , who hold annual gatherings in each country where they have a community . It was in July 2005 that the Indonesian gathering came under attack by -- Nurhati estimates -- 10,000 people throwing stones . The protesters outnumbered the Ahmadi by 100 to 1 . Nurhati was on her way to the gathering in Parung , West Java province , from the capital Jakarta with a member of the Indonesian Parliament when the attack happened . By the time she arrived , houses and books had been burned , she said . "  No one was killed , but there were some minor injuries from the throwing of rocks . We decided to call off the conference . It was unsafe to go on with the gathering , " said Nurhati , 27 , a graduate student studying climate change at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Georgia . "  There was so much anger in their faces , " said Nurhati , a native of Indonesia who has been living in the United States for 10 years . Police provided buses to get the Ahmadi community to safety , but Nurhati does not know of any arrests or prosecutions as a result of the attack . "  It was really disappointing . We have the right to be there . But the police were trying to minimize the clashes , rather than trying to say we have the right to be there , " she said . Indonesia -- the most populous Muslim country in the world -- is often touted as an example of tolerance and democracy in the Islamic world . But a huge new study suggests it 's actually among the most restrictive countries in the world when it comes to religion . The study charted publicly reported incidents of religious violence , intolerance , intimidation and discrimination in 198 countries and territories from mid-2006 to mid-2008 , its authors said . Brian Grim , the lead researcher on the project , said he worked on the study for more than three years . The report looks not only at legal restrictions , but also at how laws are implemented and how social tensions restrict freedom of religion , even where there is no official or legal bar against the practice . Indonesia has both . In fact , more than two out of three people around the world live in countries with high or very high restrictions on religion , according to the report , which claims to be the first to systematically measure religious discrimination . It produced some surprising findings and makes it possible to compare countries in ways that could not be done before , its authors say . "  Most reports do n't try to quantify , " Grim said . "  What you are left with is studies that do n't allow you to see patterns . " The study , "  Global Restrictions on Religion , " found some interesting ones . For example , "  religion-related violence happens in the majority of countries , but only in one in 10 does that escalate " to terrorism causing casualties , Grim said . The study tracked violence between religious groups in 126 countries -- 64 percent of the countries in the survey . But there was religion-related terrorism leading to injury or death in only 17 countries -- 9 percent of those in the study . In about a quarter of all countries , majority groups use force or threat of force against minority religions , according to the study , from the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington . Nearly half of all countries restrict the activities of foreign missionaries or prohibit them altogether . Ninety percent have some requirement that religious groups register with the government , usually in return for some benefit such as a tax exemption . But in 40 percent of countries , those registration requirements result in major problems for those groups . "  Others often focus on naming and shaming , but this one is looking more in depth at what goes on on the street in countries -- what affects a person 's ability to freely practice religion in society , " Grim said . "  Sometimes , one incident of violence can affect a whole country . " The report also makes it possible to compare what kinds of restrictions are placed on religious practices in different countries . China , for example , has tight legal controls on the practice of religion , but has has relatively little social conflict over faith . India , by contrast , has only moderate government restrictions on religious observance , but very high levels of social hostility -- primarily between Muslims and Hindus . Brazil has the lowest ratings in both categories among the 25 largest countries in the world , while Pakistan has the highest , followed closely by Indonesia . Egypt , Iran and Bangladesh also rate poorly for religious freedom , while Japan , the United States , South Africa , Italy and the United Kingdom score well . European governments place more restrictions on religion than do governments in sub-Saharan Africa or South America , the survey concluded . While the U.S. has a low level of government restriction on religion , it does experience a moderate amount of social tension , the report found . "  The test is not whether someone who belongs to the majority faith and is affluent and is socially advanced feels restrictions , but whether religious minorities do , " said Alan Cooperman , associate director of research at the Pew Forum . "  So in the United States , what does a Muslim woman who wears a hijab in a small city feel ? " Religious discrimination in the United States is not simply a matter of people feeling uncomfortable , he added . "  Law enforcement officials report to the FBI every year on hate crimes , including religious bias , " he said . "  There were about 1,400 each year -LSB- in the study -RSB- , and they were reported in nearly all 50 states . Those crimes run the gamut , but they include arsons . " The U.S. was also marked down because of the Bush administration 's "  global war on terror , " Grim said . "  The fact -LSB- is -RSB- that we have detainees from a war that at least one side is calling religion-related -- the Guantanamo detainees , " he said . Neither the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and their aftermath , nor the shootings at Fort Hood in Texas this year were included in the time period covered by the study , he said , but both could have increased the U.S. score for social hostilities based on religion , Grim said . "  Scores are not fixed . Situations can change , which is why we are looking at this as an over-time study , " he said . "  Countries and societies will change in how they respond to the situations they face . " In fact , the authors plan to revisit the question of religious restrictions regularly , so they can track changes over time , and the U.S. might rank differently when the Fort Hood shootings are included -- if investigators rule that they were motivated at least partly by religion . The study authors do not assign motives to incidents of discrimination , instead relying on local sources to determine the causes . The study does not rank countries from "  best " to "  worst " -- saying such a list would not be meaningful -- but instead groups them into those with very high restrictions , high restrictions , moderate or low . It does not include North Korea , because there is not enough reliable data from the reclusive communist state , the authors said . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Study charts discrimination , violence , intimidation in 198 countries , territories It looks at how legal restrictions , social tensions restrict freedom of religion Brazil rates lowest in religious legal controls , social conflict among 25 largest nations Japan , U.S. , S. Africa , Italy , UK score well in religious freedom ; Egypt , Iran , Bangladesh do n't
CNN  -- Topless photos of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , hit newsstands in yet another country Thursday , as a magazine in Denmark became at least the fifth outlet to run the pictures causing headaches for Britain 's likely future queen . The Danish gossip magazine Se och Hoer ran the photos a day after its sister publication in Sweden did . They 're the same photos first seen last week in the French magazine Closer , then in an Italian magazine and an Irish newspaper , Se Og Hor Danish editor Kim Henningsen said . "  It 's a set of unique photos from an A-class celebrity . We are a leading gossip magazine in Denmark , and it is my job to publish them , " Henningsen said . "  If the British royal family want to sue us , then it will happen then and we 'll deal with it . " Closer was fined Tuesday for publishing the topless photographs , and ordered not to distribute the magazine in print or online . A French court ordered the magazine to hand over the original photos to the royal family within 24 hours of the ruling and to pay them 2,000 euros  about $ 2,600  . The magazine must pay a further 10,000 euros a day if it is late in handing over the photos . The magazine declined to say whether it has complied with the order . A French prosecutor opened a preliminary criminal investigation into the incident Tuesday , separate from the royal family 's civil suit , the Nanterre prosecutor 's office said . The royal family filed a criminal complaint seeking invasion of privacy charges against Closer and possibly the photographer , a palace spokeswoman said . Se och Hoer 's editor in Sweden , Carina Loefkvist , would not discuss the identity of the photographer , but she did say her magazine bought the images Friday . The criminal and civil legal battle over the photographs would not deter the magazine , she said . "  We do n't treat royalties different to other celebrities , so we would have published the photos anyway , " she said . "  We valued the news value . " A spokesman for the royal family declined to comment on the Danish and Swedish magazines ' decisions "  save to say that all proportionate responses will be kept under review . " Wolf : The backward view of women 's bodies Catherine and her husband , Prince William , the second in line to the throne , "  welcome the injunction that 's been granted . They always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy , " the palace said . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against invasions of privacy , British lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . William and Kate : Keeping calm and carrying on Chi and Closer are owned by the Mondadori publishing company , which is headed by Marina Berlusconi , daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Opinion : Wake up , Kate ; photogs are always watching CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	A gossip magazine in Denmark becomes at least the fifth publication to run the photos Closer magazine , the first to publish the photos , wo n't say if it obeyed a court order Catherine and Prince William got an injunction in France on Tuesday The royals have also filed a criminal complaint in France
CNN  -- A leading humanitarian group says Sunni and Shiite militias in Iraq are pulling displaced people into their movements because governments and international entities are failing to adequately address their plight . Two Shiite militiamen take up combat positions during recent clashes with Iraq security forces . Refugees International underscored that development in a report issued Tuesday titled "  Uprooted and Unstable : Meeting Urgent Humanitarian Needs in Iraq . " The report says the United States , the government of Iraq and the international community are n't doing enough to address the daily problems faced by the 2.7 million internally displaced Iraqis , who have fled homes in war-torn regions to other places in Iraq . Those people find themselves unemployed in their new locations and many times unable to access food and health care . "  As a result of the vacuum created by the failure of both the Iraqi government and the international community to act in a timely and adequate manner , non-state actors play a major role in providing assistance to vulnerable Iraqis , " the report says . Social services are being provided by "  militias of all denominations " that want to build their groups , with Muqtada al-Sadr 's political movement using a Hezbollah model to set itself up "  as the main service provider in the country . " Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militant group labeled a terrorist group by the United States , has built a large base of support with its social service network . "  Similarly , other Shiite and Sunni groups are gaining ground and support through the delivery of food , oil , electricity , clothes and money to the civilians living in their fiefdoms . "  Not only do these militias now have a quasi-monopoly in the large-scale provision of assistance in Iraq , they are also recruiting an increasing number of civilians to their militias -- including displaced Iraqis , " the report said . The report says al-Sadr 's militia , the Mehdi Army , has resettled displaced Iraqis "  free of charge in homes that belonged to Sunnis . " "  It provides stipends , food , heating oil , cooking oil and other non-food items to supplement the Public Distribution System rations which are still virtually impossible to transfer after displaced Iraqis have moved to a new neighborhood , though it is easier for Shiites to do so , " the report says . Refugees International visited a Sadrist office in Baghdad 's Ur district and observed residents providing "  clothing , milk , oil , rice , sugar , clothes and fuel for heating and cooking when supplies are available . " The Sadrists also adjudicate legal disputes among citizens and give stipends to families of displaced people and slain or jailed Mehdi Army fighters . The report says Sunni militias also play a similar role in helping needy and displaced Sunnis , though there is less organized help . "  Sunni militias also handle the distribution of key items such as heating gas . As Sunnis in Baghdad get virtually no electricity or other services from the government , they rely on local militias and warlords to secure their areas and manage what services they can obtain . " The displaced have joined "  awakening " groups -- the "  U.S.-backed militias " dominated by Sunnis . Those groups provide security duties , such as guarding checkpoints , and many of them have been getting paychecks from the United States . The U.N. refugee agency says the displacement crisis caused by the war in Iraq is the most significant in the Middle East since the population changes that occurred during the 1948 creation of Israel . Along with the 2.7 million internally displaced people , there are more than 2 million Iraqi refugees -- mostly in Syria and Jordan . The report slams the government of Iraq as being "  unwilling " and "  unable " to address such humanitarian issues -- "  lacking both the capacity and the political will to use its important resources to address humanitarian needs . " "  The little assistance provided by the government is perceived by most as being biased in favor of the Shiite population , especially when it comes to the delivery of government services such as electricity or food ration cards from the Public Distribution System , " the report says . The report adds that the "  international community has largely been in denial " about the dire humanitarian situation in Iraq . "  Only recently has the United Nations issued a common humanitarian appeal for Iraq , recognizing the nature of the situation and the need for all agencies to step up and address humanitarian needs . " E-mail to a friend	Humanitarian group says Shiite , Sunni militias recruiting displaced Iraqis Muqtada al-Sadr 's group using Hezbollah as model , report claims United States , Iraq , global community not doing enough for displaced , report adds
CNN  -- Almost everything that can be said about Tuesday night 's elections has been said , so with some trepidation , a few afterthoughts :  The verdicts in the 2014 midterm races make it clear that President Barack Obama can not simply blame Democratic losses on a bad map , as he did Tuesday .  The President passed off the elections as taking place in states least favorable for Democrats "  since Eisenhower . " It should be sobering for the White House that when Obama took office , Democrats had 59 senators and 256 House members ; after Tuesday night , they will likely have 45-47 senators and some 190 House members . That is one of the biggest slides in congressional seats of any modern president . Surely , his White House has to take serious responsibility -- and look for ways to leave a better legacy .  This was an unexpectedly big night for the GOP : Predictions for Republicans were already high , but they blew the doors off . Who could have imagined Republicans winning the governorships of Maryland and Massachusetts , winning Senate seats in Obama states such as Colorado and Iowa , and assembling their biggest coalition in the House of Representatives since the 1940s . Conservatives will likely disagree , but one takeaway for Republicans is that they were well served this year by recruiting conservatives whom voters saw as less hard right than the tea party . Look at Cory Gardner of Colorado : The GOP establishment intentionally promoted him as an alternative in Colorado who -- unlike Ken Buck , a tea partyer who lost a few years ago  but won the conservative 4th Congressional District this year  -- would appeal to moderates as well as conservatives . Even The Denver Post endorsed him -- just as The Boston Globe endorsed Republican Charlie Baker , who wrested the Massachusetts State House from Democrats .  A bright spot from Tuesday night that needs more attention : The Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University reports Americans will now have at least 100 women in Congress -- a three-fold increase over 25 years . Women such as Joni Ernst , Shelley Moore Capito and Jeanne Shaheen also won pivotal Senate races . Past experience says that the more women leaders in Congress , the more likely the two sides will find common ground .  Tuesday night also witnessed the election of a fourth generation of the Bush family elected to public office . George P. Bush , the son of Jeb , won statewide office in Texas as land commissioner . His great-grandfather was Prescott Bush , a U.S. senator  and almost Ike 's vice presidential running mate  ; his grandfather was President George H.W. Bush ; his father was governor of Florida and his uncle was President . Will his dad now declare his own candidacy for the presidency ? Tuesday night 's results probably make it more likely .  For this observer , this election night was especially sweet because of the breakthrough victory by a young man I have known and supported for 15 years : Seth Moulton , a Democrat who swept to a double-digit victory as a new congressman from the North Shore of Massachusetts . Seth has three degrees from Harvard and four tours in Iraq as a Marine infantry officer . More than that , he is a model among a rising generation of leaders who I believe can transform our politics . I wrote about him and others of his generation in a recent column on CNN.com . Congratulations , Seth ! Note : An earlier version of this article said there will be at least 100 women in the House ; that number applies to the entire Congress .	David Gergen : President has to find shrinking Democratic ranks in Congress sobering Gergen says Republicans were smart in their choice of more moderate candidates this year At least 100 women will serve in Congress , a threefold increase over 25 years Gergen : Here comes another generation of the Bush family in public office
CNN  -- Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick canceled a series of book signing dates because of "  credible threats , " his book publishers said . "  Despite warnings of planned protests , Vick had hoped to continue with the appearances as planned , bringing his story of redemption and second chance to major markets , " said Worthy Publishing , a Tennessee-based Christian publishing company . "  However , once the reported protests escalated into threats of violence against the retailers , Worthy Publishing , Vick and his family , decided to cancel the events . " Vick , who spent about 18 months in federal prison after pleading guilty to dogfighting charges in 2007 , has been trying to turn his life and his image around in recent years . Vick helps park get a second chance In September , he continued his rehabilitation campaign by donating about $ 200,000 for a new football field for a Philadelphia inner-city youth football team . At the time , Vick said the donation was a gift to the City of Brotherly Love for embracing him after the Eagles signed him following his release from prison . But not all have embraced the new Michael Vick . The quarterback was set to promote his new autobiography "  Finally Free , " but had to cancel upcoming dates across the country after threats to Barnes & Noble Booksellers and an independent bookstore in New Jersey . "  It is disturbing that a few extremists would threaten Vick 's family and store employees , " said Vick 's spokesman Chris Shigas . "  Michael Vick has millions of fans and has countless letters from teachers thanking him for inspiring students to make positive change . " Last year , Vick announced he had gotten a dog for his family in an effort to show his children how to have a healthy relationship with animals . "  This is an opportunity to break the cycle , " Vick said in a statement in October . "  To that end , I will continue to honor my commitment to animal welfare and be an instrument of positive change . " CNN 's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report	Vick releases a new autobiography The NFL quarterback spent about 18 months in prison for dogfighting Since getting out of prison he has tried to rebuild his career and image
CNN  -- Former "  Scandal " actor Columbus Short has pleaded not guilty to a felony charge of battery , according to a spokesperson for the Los Angeles Superior Court . The actor was arrested in March after being accused of punching and knocking out a patron at a West Los Angeles restaurant . Short appeared in court on Wednesday and must appear again on June 5 so a preliminary hearing date can be set . The actor has had other allegations of violence lodged against him . In April , Short 's wife accused him of threatening to kill her and himself with a knife . Tanee Short filed for both a restraining order , to keep him from her and their two-year-old daughter , and for a divorce to end their nine-year marriage . Shortly thereafter , Columbus Short announced he would not be returning to the hit ABC series "  Scandal . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Short is accused of punching and knocking out a restaurant patron His wife accused him of threatening her He is set to appear in court again on June 5
Remember the dark and brooding Angelina Jolie , the one who wore one husband 's blood around her neck and shared an uncomfortably intense kiss with her brother ? That was n't about rebellion , Jolie tells Elle magazine in its June issue . That was a 20-something trying to find herself . "  It was n't a need to be destructive or rebellious -- it 's that need to find a full voice , to push open the walls around you , " the 38-year-old actress says . "  You want to be free . And as you start to feel that you are being corralled into a certain life , you kind of push against it . It may come out very strange , it may be interpreted wrong , but you 're trying to find out who you are . " Interestingly , who she thought she 'd become and who she ended up being are two different things . Now a mom of six and engaged to Brad Pitt , Jolie says she once believed she would n't have kids or find love . "  I never thought I 'd have children , I never thought I 'd be in love , I never thought I 'd meet the right person , " Jolie says . "  Having come from a broken home -- you kind of accept that certain things feel like a fairy tale , and you just do n't look for them . " Jolie and Pitt 's relationship dates back to 2005 , the same year their action thriller/romance movie "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " arrived in theaters . At the time , Pitt petitioned to formally adopt Jolie 's two kids , Maddox and Zahara , and since then the couple have welcomed four more children : Shiloh , Pax and twins Vivienne and Knox . "  You get together and you 're two individuals and you feel inspired by each other , " Jolie says of her relationship with Pitt . "  Y  ou challenge each other , you complement each other , drive each other beautifully crazy . After all these years , we have history -- and when you have history with somebody , you 're friends in such a very real , deep way that there 's such a comfort , and an ease , and a deep love that comes from having been through quite a lot together . " Lately Pitt and Jolie -- who announced their engagement in April 2012 -- are dealing with how to introduce their kids to show business . Vivienne co-stars with Jolie in the May 30 release "  Maleficent , " with Zahara and Pax also making a brief appearance . The movie is a live-action re-telling of the "  Sleeping Beauty " story from the wicked sorceress Maleficent 's point of view , and Jolie explained that Vivienne was cast as the young Aurora because she was the only child who could withstand Jolie 's evil character . "  My little Vivienne -- we call her my shadow , because there 's nothing I can do to shake her , " Jolie tells Elle . "  I can be tired , I can be grumpy , I can be in a terrible mood , and she does n't care . It 's ` Mommy , Mommy , ' and she 'll cling to me . We knew that she would still do that thing , she 'd still smile at me and insist that I pick her up . So we could n't really cast anybody else . " And apparently Jolie did try ; when she asked her daughter Shiloh "  about being Aurora , and she laughed in my face , " Jolie recalls . "  She said she 'd be a horned creature . " While Jolie and Pitt do n't discourage their kids from being involved in their careers , neither of them is eager to see the brood follow in their footsteps . "  Brad and I made the decision that we would n't keep them from sets and the fun of making movies , but we would n't -LSB- glorify it either -RSB- -- we would n't make it a good thing or a bad thing , " Jolie says . "  But I would really prefer they do something else ...  A  fter two days of it , Brad and I were so stressed we never wanted to do it again . " Jolie 's emotional speech at Governors Awards Brangelina 's kids : Then and now Pitt : Jolie is ` brave , bold ' and ` sexy as ever '	Angelina Jolie opens up about her past and present in Elle magazine The actress says her so-called rebellious behavior was her trying to find herself She also never imagined that she 'd have kids , or find love Now , she and her partner Brad Pitt are navigating having kids in show business
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , the former enlisted man who earned his sergeant stripes as a grunt in the jungles of Vietnam , is cutting the budgets of the Pentagon 's top brass by 20 % . And he 's sharing the pain , cutting his own office budget by a like amount . "  Early estimates indicate that the total savings could be in the range of $ 1.5 - $ 2 billion , " Pentagon press secretary George Little said in a statement released Tuesday night . Much of the money savings will come from a cut in the number of people working for the Department of Defense leaders , but there 's no word yet on how many people might lose their positions . "  Personnel reductions associated with these savings will be determined during the development of detailed execution plans , " Little said . The plan goes into effect in October 2014 and will last until 2019 . Budget cutting has been a main priority at the Defense Department for several years , even before Hagel took over . The Pentagon said this is not one of the budget issues that can be reversed when sequestration goes away . "  These cuts will be implemented even if Congress lifts sequester-level budget caps , " Little said .	Hagel wants to tighten spending at Pentagon Personnel reductions have not yet been determined
CNN  -- The decision by the United States to use the atomic bomb against Japan in August 1945 is credited with ending World War II . Here is some background information about the history of the atomic bomb , by the numbers : 2 - Number of atomic bombs dropped on Japan during World War II . 80,000 - People who died instantly in Hiroshima , Japan , on August 6 , 1945 , when the first ever atomic bomb was used in war . The code name of the uranium-based bomb was "  Little Boy . " 192,020 - Total number of those killed in Hiroshima , combining those killed instantly and those killed from radiation and other aftermath . The revised total was released at a ceremony on the 50th anniversary of the bombing . 3 - Number of days between the first and second atomic bombs dropped on Japan . On August 9 , 1945 , "  an implosion-model plutonium bomb code-named "  Fat Man , " was detonated over Nagasaki . More than 70,000 - Number of people killed instantly in Nagasaki by the bomb . 5 - Number of days after the bombing of Nagasaki that Emperor Hirohito announced Japan 's acceptance of the terms of the Postdam Declaration and its unconditional surrender , bringing an end to World War II . 2 - Number of possible targets for the second bombing : Nagasaki and Kokura . Nagasaki was chosen because of the weather . $ 2 billion - The approximate cost of research and development of the atomic bomb by the United States , called the "  Manhattan Project . " 130,000 - The number of people employed by the Manhattan Project . 3 - Research facilities involved in the development of the bombs : Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Tennessee , the Hanford Site , Washington , and Los Alamos National Laboratory , New Mexico . 17 - Physicists who worked on the Manhattan Project who already were or would later become Nobel Laureates in physics . 18,000 - Tons of TNT equaled the blast from New Mexico test run on July 16 , 1945 . 1,800 + feet - The distance above ground that "  Little Boy " detonated over Hiroshima after it was released from the B-29 Bomber "  Enola Gay . " 9,700 lbs - Weight of the "  Little Boy " atomic bomb . . 60,000 feet - Height of the mushroom cloud following the detonation of "  Fat Man " over Nagasaki .	The first atomic bomb was used in battle 68 years ago in Hiroshima , Japan Nearly 200,000 people were killed , including those who died in the aftermath More than 70,000 were killed by the second bomb dropped three days later
Outside of Beijing , China  CNN  -- Something is n't quite right with this picture . There seem to be too many children here . Is n't this the country famed for its one-child policy ? Are n't there big fines and penalties for having that second child ? A man is watching two children play . He says both of them are his . "  Many people here have more than one child . Some have four children , " he adds . This migrant workers ' village on the outskirts of Beijing is typical of itinerant communities , where families are finding ways to beat the system . The one-child policy has been in place since 1979 to try to curb China 's population growth . It has worked -- some estimates say hundreds of millions of births have been averted . And it has n't been bad for the economy , either . As China has opened up , hundreds of millions of people have been lifted out of poverty as the nation 's economy grows faster than the population . But there have always been loopholes . The wealthier families have paid fines , and some have traveled overseas to have a second child with a foreign passport . China 's ethnic populations have been largely exempt as rural families have multiple children to help work the fields . Offspring of one-child families who then marry also may have more than one child . Zakaria : Could China 's one-child policy change ? In this migrant village , however , one father says he thinks this has always been an unfair policy . "  What has fairness got to do with it ? " he says . "  If you have more money , then you can have more children ; and if you 're poor , you only have one child . " He wo n't reveal his name and does n't want his face photographed . But he is willing to talk . He says people here sometimes pay brokers to bribe officials for documentation for additional children . It can cost up to $ 1,000 but is still much less than the official fine , which can be as high as 200,000 Renminbi , or more than $ 31,000 . In his case , he waited until his second child was born and registered both together as twins . It is illegal , and he says people worry about being caught but are willing to take the risk . Forced abortion sparks outrage , debate in China The Zhang family decided to have a second child more than 20 years ago . It certainly was n't fashionable or patriotic . They paid a big price -- not just a hefty fine , but the father , Zhang Jian , even lost his job . "  Yes , once I had two kids , I lost my job . But I 'm not scared of that , I do n't care . The most important thing is to raise my kids . This is for happiness , " he says . His daughter Zhang Dongjuan is forever grateful for her parents ' sacrifice . "  I am very happy . I 'm the luckiest girl in the world , " she says . She shows me photos of her sister , now away from home working as a banker . They are very close , she says . Dongjuan says her friends were always envious of her , and she 's already planning to have two children when she marries . "  Yes , I think the policy should be finished , because we all have a lot of pressure if we have just one child , " she says . "  If we have two children , then four people can afford to look after two set of parents , we 'll have less pressure . " There are growing calls for an end to the policy . Critics say China 's population is aging and is heavily weighted toward male children . Eventually , they say this will have a serious impact on the country 's economy and social cohesion . On advertising billboards now there is a new image . One in Beijing promoting Chinese values -- patriotism and inclusiveness -- shows grandparents , parents and , yes , two children . It is in stark contrast with another more horrifying image . Last month a photo appeared on the Internet and quickly went around the world showing the brutal side of the one-child policy : a mother forced into an abortion lying exhausted and disheveled on her hospital bed , beside her a fully formed fetus . Between these two images -- the new Chinese poster family and the exhausted mother -- lies the reality of a policy that has defined China for three decades , but is now being questioned .	China 's one-child policy has been in place since 1979 to try to curb population growth But many Chinese are now questioning the policy and skirting the law Wealthy families pay fines or travel overseas to have a second child There are increasing official signs that suggest China may relax the policy
CNN  -- Thursday brings one of the biggest slates of Hollywood entertainment to open on Christmas Day in many years . Tom Cruise stars as would-be Hitler assassin Col. Claus von Stauffenberg in the World War II drama "  Valkyrie . " Stars such as Tom Cruise , Brad Pitt and Adam Sandler are featured in a slew of big-budget movies hoping to lure people into theaters this holiday season . Here are the top five movies opening Thursday : 1 . "  Valkyrie " -- Tom Cruise stars in the true story of a German military officer who conspires to assassinate Adolf Hitler . Cruise plays Col. Claus von Stauffenberg , a proud military man who realizes that Hitler must be stopped before Germany and Europe collapse under Nazi rule . Joining Cruise are three-time Oscar nominee Kenneth Branagh as Maj. Gen. Henning von Tresckow and twice-nominated actor Tom Wilkinson as Gen. Friedrich Fromm . United Artists is releasing the film . 2 . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " -- Brad Pitt stars in this fantasy drama about a man who ages backward . He 's born in his 80s and then gets younger as the years pass . "  Button " is based on the 1920s story by F. Scott Fitzgerald and runs two hours and 47 minutes . The cast includes Academy Award winner Cate Blanchett , who is creating Oscar buzz this year as well for her portrayal of Daisy in "  Button . " The film , released by Paramount Pictures , already has won several film critics ' awards . 3 . "  Marley & Me " -- Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston learn life lessons from an out-of-control canine they decide to adopt . This comedy-drama is adapted from the best-selling novel by John Grogan . Some audiences expecting a feel-good comedy such as "  Turner & Hooch " or "  Beethoven " may be surprised by this painfully realistic portrayal that could leave audiences teary-eyed at the end . The supporting cast includes Alan Arkin and Kathleen Turner . The PG-rated film gets a 20th Century Fox release . 4 . "  Bedtime Stories " -- Funny guy Adam Sandler shoots for the family crowd with this fantasy comedy about a hotel handyman who tells his niece and nephew a bedtime story , only to find out that his fantasy stylings are coming true . Sandler 's film , which also stars Guy Pearce , Courteney Cox and Keri Russell , is getting mixed reviews so far . It 's rated PG for mild rude humor and mild language . 5 . "  The Spirit " -- Based on a graphic novel about a masked crusader , "  The Spirit " will cater to the so-called fanboys who hope the film 's PG-13 rating will push the envelope on violence and other cool stuff . iReport.com : Will you see any of the new movies on tap during the holidays ? Gabriel Macht plays Denny Colt , aka The Spirit , in this story of a man who fakes his death so he can fight a coldblooded killer known as the Octopus  Samuel L. Jackson  . Eva Mendes is along for the ride , which could be a plus for the film 's desired demographic of young men 13 to 21 . Lionsgate is distributing .	Tom Cruise , Brad Pitt among group of stars with films opening on Christmas Day "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " already is generating Oscar buzz "  Valkyrie " and "  The Spirit " expected to appeal to action-movie fans Family films include "  Marley & Me " and "  Bedtime Stories "
CNN  -- Police in Allendale , South Carolina , are investigating whether a funeral home fit a 6-foot , 5-inch man into his coffin by severing his legs . The wife of James Hines reportedly said the funeral home told her that her husband 's coffin was long enough . A former Cave Funeral Services employee has alleged since James Hines ' death from skin cancer in 2004 that Hines was too tall for his coffin and that the funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit , Allendale County Coroner Hayzen Black told CNN . Officials exhumed Hines ' body Tuesday , Black said , and a fair amount of "  undesirable evidence " was found , although he could not comment further . The coroner 's office handed the case over to law enforcement officials for a criminal investigation , he said . Allendale Police Detective Donnie Hutto told CNN affiliate WJBF-TV that he could not comment on the condition of the body . A Cave Funeral Services employee had no comment when asked about the matter . But Ruth Hines , widow of the dead man , told WJBF that the allegations and exhumation of Hines ' body are difficult for her . "  I 'm just going through quite a bit , " she said . "  It 's like starting all over again , and it 's left me with hurt and numbness . " "  According to the measurements on the casket , and the funeral director , we asked him , ` Was this suitable for his length ? ' and he said , ` Yes that will be perfect , ' " Ruth Hines said . Hines told WJBF that her family has used Cave Funeral Services for a number of years , and she is n't sure what the family will do in the future if the allegations are true .	At 6 ' 5 " , former employee says James Hines was too tall for coffin after death in 2004 Employee told authorities that funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit Officials exhume body Tuesday , find "  undesirable evidence , " county coroner says Cave Funeral Services employee would not comment
CNN  -- Behind the state banquet and smiles from Queen Elizabeth and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia 's visit to London this week caused a wave of dissent . The UK political elite boycotted events . Demonstrators lined the Mall . The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart to be with his new adopted son . And just days before he arrived , the Saudi King accused British officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in London on July 2005 . Whether the politics of the event were a success is open to debate . But this was just part of the story . The Saudis were also in town to cement a strong trading and business relationship that has developed between the two Kingdoms over the last 20 years . Saudi Arabia is the UK 's largest trading partner in the Middle East . And behind the USA , the UK is the second largest foreign investor in the Kingdom . UK Trade & Investment has designated Saudi Arabia one of its 17 "  High Growth Markets " along with UAE and Qatar in the region . As the nation diversifies its economy away from oil , commercial opportunities for UK thrive in a variety of sectors . Saudi Arabia is currently planning six privately-developed economic cities . The $ 26.6 billion King Abdullah Economic City -- the largest of these -- will create one million jobs and home to two million residents . The aim , says the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority , is to boost the economy by creating a pro-business environment , and attracting investors and fostering investment opportunities . The UK has , since the early 1990s , been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia , behind USA , Germany , China and Japan . In 2007 , Saudi Arabian bank SABB predicts that UK exports to the Kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $ 2.8 billion . While the balance of trade continues to be favor of the British , Saudi Arabia 's exports to Britain are also gaining ground and closing the trade gap . This year , exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high of $ 2.1 billion , says SABB . And this is n't all about oil . In the 1980s , three quarters of Saudi exports to the UK were from oil , but today the non-oil sector accounts for 59 percent of exports . Products being shipped to the UK include machinery , transport equipment , plastics , non-metallic minerals and , despite the UK 's dominance in the sector , chemicals . According to SABB , there are also more than 150 Saudi-British joint ventures underway with a value of around $ 15 billion . As John Sfakianakis , chief economist from SABB says , state visits such as this are important for bolstering trade talks , past and future . "  The biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets that was sealed last week , " says Sfakianakis . The contract between the Kingdom and the UK Ministry of Defence via BAE is worth over almost $ 10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $ 19 billion for the deployment , maintenance and training . This comes less than a year after the UK government decided to call off a Serious Fraud Office investigation into defense contracts with Saudi Arabia . This probe related to the sale of weapons by BAE Systems to Saudi Arabia in the 1980s . BAE has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and making payments to Saudi royals to win business . But as Sfakianakis points out , any political sensitivity surrounding the visit is unlikely to harm future trading relationships between the nations . "  The relationship is far deeper than that , " he says . "  Saudi Arabia 's economy is booming and the opportunities businessmen see here are immense . Everything else takes a subsidiary part in that . " E-mail to a friend	Saudi Arabia is the UK 's largest trading partner in the Middle East Britain is also the second largest foreign investor in the Kingdom The UK has been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia since the 1990s Exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high in the non-oil sector
CNN  -- The woman was related to at least two of the three children . Was she their doting mother ? An adoring aunt ? Or , given her relative youth , perhaps a much older sister ? "  That leaves you with so many possibilities , " says New Hampshire State Police Sgt. Joe Ebert . All four females are long dead , their bodies crammed into two 55-gallon barrels , the first barrel discovered by a hunter in 1985 , the other 15 years later . They have never been identified . Now , there 's a new push to solve a cold case that has stymied determined investigators . This week , the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , after a request from state police , released new 3-D facial reconstructions of the four victims . They provide more details than previous images . Investigators hope that someone , by looking at gaps in their teeth , thickness of lips , the length of their hair or other features , will make a connection . "  The right person is going to see it , " says Angela Williamson , director of the center 's unknown victim identification team . Seemingly endless questions and possible scenarios swirl around investigators who have sifted through hundreds of tips or leads over the years . Is this a domestic case , or a professional hit ? How did the barrels come to be on a wooded lot near a state park in Allenstown , New Hampshire ? Were the four transients ? Could they have lived on a commune ? Did they live in other state or country ? Police have no missing persons report associated with the mysterious case . Ebert , in an interview with CNN on Friday , said he has been open to theories and new evidence since he joined the case a few years ago . He 's certain of one thing . "  I believe that there is somebody who knows who these children are and knows what happened to them . " Two horrifying discoveries During deer season in 1985 , a hunter made a grisly discovery on a parcel of private property near Bear Brook State Park , known for its bogs , lakes and trails . A steel drum contained the remains of the woman , estimated to be between ages 23 and 33 , and the eldest girl , who was between 5 and 11 . Original reports indicated they died of blunt-force trauma . Investigators later determined they were related in some way . State police , who handle nearly all homicide investigations in New Hampshire , notified the National Crime Information Center  NCIC  , a computerized index that includes such reports . It was believed then that the victims might be a mother and child . "  They came to every person 's door and asked , ` Have you heard anything , if you knew anyone that 's missing ? ' " Allenstown resident Andrea Kelly told told CNN New Hampshire affiliate WMUR this week . ' "  No , we have n't heard anything . ' " Within one day of the discovery of the bodies , state police were called in to investigate an apparently unrelated slaying of a man in nearby Hookset . Suddenly , that murder became the priority of the police force . "  It took a great number of resources , " Ebert says of the Hookset investigation . That murder was finally solved eight years ago . New Hampshire , with a population of about 1 . 3 million , sees an average of only 20 to 30 homicides a year , according to Ebert . About half are domestic incidents . Policy called for troopers to look into a cold case if they were not working on a current homicide . So , in 2000 , an investigator drove to the Allenstown scene to check on the proximity of barrels on the property to a road and a mobile home park close by . The property included a trailer and the remains of a burned camp store . In another barrel , the trooper found two more bodies -- a girl between 1 and 3 and another aged 2 to 4 . Tests indicated the woman whose body was found earlier was related to the younger child . So far , the girl between 2 and 4 has not been linked to the woman . Suddenly , everything changed . Instead of a mother and child , police broadcast that they had four victims , meaning old assumptions were gone . "  So much can change in that span " of time , Ebert says of evidence and investigative leads . Police spoke to between 50 and 100 individuals , including the property owner and residents of the mobile home park . Now the case is getting a fresher look . "  We are reanalyzing each and every person , " says Ebert . The department , when the NCIC broadcasts went out in 1985 and 2000 , was flooded with information . "  We took great pains to rule people out . " The sergeant acknowledges that many may question why it took 15 years to find a second barrel 100 yards from the other . "  How do four people go missing and nobody knows it " ? The sergeant cites resources needed for the Hookset murder , the number of people in the major crime unit and the fact that autumn leaves covered much of the property . "  They did the best with what they had at the time , " he says . Florida school deaths remain mystery "  I keep an open mind to everything " Williamson , of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , tells CNN that she and her team are awaiting results of more comprehensive DNA testing of the remains of the woman and young girls . They are being aided by additional autopsy photos not available years ago . Evidence indicates the victims were white , but investigators do not know skin tone or eye color . The bones were not in the best condition , given they were exposed to the elements and years of deterioration , says Williamson . They may have died as early as 1977 or 1978 . Joe Mullins , a forensic imaging specialist with the center , used newer technology to make the facial reconstructions . The use of clay directly applied on skulls is no longer necessary . Investigators caution people looking at the reconstructions to focus on specific facial features . "  Do n't expect this to look like a Polaroid of the family member , " says Ebert . Based on evidence and poor dental care , officials believe the four may not have been visible members of society . "  If they interacted with people on regular basis and suddenly disappeared you would expect somebody to say something , " says Williamson , a forensic scientist . And they may not have been in a traditional family setting . "  I do n't think they were regularly in school and went home and had dinner with mom and dad every night , " says Williamson . Ebert says , although it is a possibility , his hunch is the victims are not from New Hampshire . They could be from Boston , about 90 minutes away . Or Canada . Or more remote portions of the Granite State . "  I keep an open mind to everything , " Ebert says . Police are not certain whether the victims were killed elsewhere and dumped on the property -- or even when . "  It takes a very certain profile of an individual to kill a child , " says Ebert , who declined to elaborate on consultation with the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit . "  We either have n't reached the family members we need to , or we missing their family members and for their own reasons they are not coming forward . " One day , grave marker may bear names Ronda Randall and her brother , maintain a blog about the Allenstown case and have provided some information they 've gleaned to police . "  This case is so compelling , " says Randall , who grew up in southern New Hampshire and now lives in Maine . "  This story has been very quiet . " The siblings , who on their website say they do not represent a law enforcement agency , have talked with hundreds of people . Ebert says the pair have been in contact with state police . Randall praises police for their doggedness and said she believes the case will be solved . She believes she and her brother are in a sense a proxy family for the victims . A grave marker at a church cemetery in Allenstown -- a town of about 4,400 east of Concord -- refers only to the first two victims found . "  May their souls find peace in God 's loving care , " the inscription reads . One day , Randall says , she would like the grave marker bear names of the four victims . "  I want to see it resolved . " Social media might have made a difference The woman and the girls were killed before there was text messaging , Facebook and other forms of social media -- a fact not lost on investigators . And , back in 1985 , police did not have a clearinghouse for missing people . The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children had been in existence for only one year . Social media is a valuable tool for investigators , says the center 's Williamson , who leads a five-member team . "  From the missing side it has helped in a lot of cases , " she says . "  You can see who perhaps who they were talking to . With teenagers , their friends know more than their families know . " Unlike in 1978 or 1985 , people nowadays are extremely connected , be it through cell phones , e-mail or social media . "  If you do n't get a text within two hours you might wonder what is going on , " says Williamson . Still , she cautions , there are still cases today when people "  are not reported missing for various reasons . " Ebert says someone critical to identifying the four victims may not have come forward because of a sense of criminal liability or guilt for not having provided clues sooner . The victims , he says , may have been part of a disjointed family . He hopes the DNA testing may clearly show the relationships among the four victims , providing police and the public more opportunities to identify them . "  It 's an awful tragedy to lose a person to a homicide . It is terrible miscarriage of justice not to know who carried out the crime against your loved one . " Williamson and her team are working on 650 cases involving unidentified children . The oldest case is from Arizona , in 1933 . Since November 2011 , the team has helped identify seven children , one of whom was a victim of Gary Ridgway , the so-called Green River Killer , she says . DNA helped solve the cases . Now Williamson hopes to give a family a sense of closure . "  A good day is giving a child their name back , " she says . "  And we get very excited . " Cold case : Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest	Police , national center are trying to identify four victims found in barrels They were discovered near state park in rural New Hampshire Public can see updated facial reconstructions of woman , girls
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- If George Zimmerman were a 28-year-old black man who shot and killed a 17-year-old white teenager under the same circumstances as alleged in Trayvon Martin 's death , would he have been immediately arrested ? After 30 years as a trial attorney , I can unhesitatingly say , "  Of course . " Herein lies the cultural and racial inequity which has largely led to the polarization and division over culpability in Trayvon 's death . It 's perplexing that some have criticized my belief that we must withhold judgment on the case until we have all the facts and evidence , especially the forensics . Many people have made up their minds and refuse to listen to other points of view -- newly discovered facts and evolving evidence be damned . When I criticize the prosecutor 's handling of the case or suggest hypothetical situations that are consistent with the evidence , some interpret those comments as pro-Zimmerman . They flatly reject any scenario other than that of George Zimmerman racially profiling Trayvon Martin and then shooting and killing him . The late , great Andy Rooney captured this dynamic best when he commented , "  People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe . " Although Trayvon Martin 's killing is a tragedy at the highest level , his death and the prosecution of George Zimmerman symbolize so much more . The issues they raise belong in the public discourse , but should not influence or cloud the facts or outcome of the case . Many African-American men have been killed since Martin 's death and undoubtedly more will follow . It 's likely that none of their names will be well-known . But Trayvon Martin has become a rallying cry for all the wrong that still exists in America regarding race and unequal treatment in the criminal justice system . It 's rare that a person of color in America has n't experienced some sort of bigotry or profiling . Most of them , their families or friends have experienced unequal treatment , bigotry , sneers , insults , misplaced suspicions or police misconduct that was racially motivated . Martin 's shooting death represents an opportunity to express and address the injustices which still regularly happen but mostly remain unanswered or unaddressed . Racial equality has advanced far from where it was , but the struggle is not over . African-Americans know injustice still exists . From what I know , regardless of how the evidence plays out and the discovery unfolds , the Sanford Police Department bears great responsibility for the firestorm of this case . If Zimmerman had been immediately arrested , or if the Sanford Police Department had conducted a thorough investigation before it announced there would be no arrest , then it 's likely the controversy would not have reached such enormous proportions . To much of the public , it appears as if authorities were dismissive when confronted with the case of another young black male being shot and killed . Trayvon Martin and his grieving family deserve more . George Zimmerman deserves to have his case decided on its merits and not as public retribution for societal sins . What is inescapable to me , though , is that the institutional and insidious prejudice which still permeates many law enforcement agencies is the cause of so much of the outrage surrounding this case . I will continue to ask for judgment to be reserved until the evidence , discovery and forensics are received and reviewed . I want the truth . But I understand why facts might not make much difference to many people . Trayvon Martin 's death represents so much more to so many . For them , the chance to finally be heard benefits the greater good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark NeJame .	Mark NeJame : Zimmerman would have been arrested if he were black and Martin white NeJame : The racial inequity in our society is behind the polarization in this case Racism snarls up facts ; we must withhold judgment until all evidence is in , he writes The issues of racism must be aired , he says , but must not determine case 's outcome
