CNN  -- Medecins Sans Frontieres slammed the United Nations Thursday for what it said was an "  unacceptable " humanitarian response to the crisis in the Central African Republic . In an open letter , the group , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said it had "  deep concern " over the United Nations ' humanitarian agencies ' "  appalling performance " in the country over the past year . This failure , it said , has left tens of thousands of vulnerable people without the help they need . Violence has plagued the Central African Republic since a coalition of rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . The past week has seen a surge in fighting in the capital , Bangui , and in the town of Bossangoa , 185 miles north , where many of those displaced by months of conflict between Muslim and Christian militias have sought refuge in camps . French troops have now been deployed alongside African forces in a peacekeeping mission aimed at restoring security , protecting civilians and ensuring access to humanitarian aid . The MSF letter , addressed to Valerie Amos , the U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief , is scathing in its assessment of the U.N. response on the ground . As the situation deteriorated in the past three months , "  there has been no evidence of an adequate humanitarian reaction to the needs generated by repeated outbreaks of violence , " the letter said . "  The only actions undertaken by UN aid officials have been the collection of data related to the fighting and a few assessments confirming the need for an immediate response . Repeated evaluations in the face of glaring needs , and numerous coordination meetings , have not led to any concrete action around the main hotspots . " The letter gives two examples in support of its criticism . "  MSF has repeatedly asked UN agencies to deliver food , tents and soap to the more than 15,000 people displaced in the vicinity of Bangui 's airport , without any reaction , " it said . In the second example , U.N. officials in Bossangoa were on security lockdown inside a compound run by African-led peacekeeping forces , the letter said . They "  did not even provide assistance to the displaced sheltering inside the same compound , forcing MSF to intervene once more . " The same officials remained on lockdown for days after the fighting , it added , "  abandoning the more than 30,000 displaced persons in the main Bossangoa camps . " MSF staff instead moved through the camps to give help , the letter said . That assistance included taking care of the wounded , digging latrines and providing access to drinking water . The U.N. said Thursday that U.N. agency personel have deployed to the field as security conditions permitted , adding that they are "  working closely " with MSF and other key NGOs who have maintained a strong presence in CAR during the crisis . "  As this crisis worsens , it is important that all efforts and resources are focused on delivering aid to people in desperate need . As in all crises , there will be a time for evaluation of the humanitarian response , but now is the time for action , " the U.N. said . Medecins Sans Frontieres , which has been present in the Central African Republic since 1997 , says it is currently running seven regular projects and four emergency projects there . It has more than 100 foreign personnel and about 1,100 local staff in its teams , providing free medical care to nearly 400,000 people . The group believes the United Nations has overestimated the security risks in the Central African Republic , thereby restricting its agencies ' ability to help "  people in an extreme state of need . " An MSF news release Thursday , published alongside the letter , said U.N. humanitarian organizations had now decided to ramp up their response in the Central African Republic . But while this is welcome , the group said , it is long overdue . "  This late decision must have a real impact and initiate radical and immediate change to the way UN humanitarian agencies respond to the crisis , " said Bart Janssens , MSF director of operations . More than 415,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced by the fighting , according to the United Nations , and 68,000 more have fled to neighboring countries . Muslim militia : We are true government of CAR Fears of genocide : 10 things to know about the Central African Republic CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Medecins Sans Frontieres says the United Nations has done too little to help the CAR In an open letter , MSF accuses U.N. agencies of an "  appalling performance " on the ground Tens of thousands of people have been left in dire need by U.N. failures , letter says Violence has flared in the Central African Republic over the past year
CNN  -- Presidents , prime ministers and assorted rulers , consider that you have been warned : A massive protest can start at any time , seemingly over any issue , and can grow to a size and intensity no one expected . Your country 's image , your own prestige , could risk unraveling as you face the wrath of the people . The newest iconic images from Turkey and from Brazil -- two countries that have promoted themselves as models to emulate -- include shocking scenes of police brutality , of government clampdown against peaceful protesters . We have entered a new age of protests . While politics remain intensely local , individuals are more interconnected . In Turkey , a small protest over plans to destroy one of Istanbul 's last remaining parks exploded in size and intensity after a harsh police crackdown shocked the nation . The sight of police spraying giant clouds of tear gas and beating peaceful protesters touched a nerve , inflaming simmering concerns about an increasingly authoritarian regime . In a matter of days , waves of demonstrations , the biggest in decades , spread across the country . Prime Minister Recep Tayip Erdogan , who has not lacked for self-confidence over his 10 years in power , came under sharp criticism over his response to the protests . Has he grown arrogant with power ? Having led his party to consecutive victories at the polls , sucking the air out of the powerful military , and overseeing Turkey 's rise to new heights of prosperity and international assertiveness , all of a sudden he looked less awe-inspiring . Erdogan may have faced down world leaders , but when he faced his own people he tarnished his image . He is now accused by many at home and abroad of lacking in democratic instincts . The country has new national icons . The newest is the "  Standing Man , " a protester who steadfastly held his ground amid the chaos , standing for hours gazing at a picture of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . There 's the "  woman in red , " a modernly dressed woman -- symbolizing the secular , world of personal freedom many of the demonstrators seek to defend . A similar image emerged from Brazil . A young woman who appears utterly harmless was sprayed in the face by a policeman dressed in full riot gear . Just like Turkey , no one could have predicted the turn of events in Brazil . A country that has symbolized Latin America 's dramatic rise from poverty , where left-leaning governments have combined social programs and market-friendly policies , nearly eradicating extreme poverty , suddenly erupted in a wave of popular fury . The government of President Dilma Rousseff faced the largest protests in 20 years . And it all started over an increase in bus fares . The protests over bus fares touched on worries about a slowdown in the economy , about persistent inequality , corruption and costly projects in preparation for hosting the upcoming World Cup and Olympic Games . Rousseff , a former revolutionary herself , has been taking a much more conciliatory approach than the pugnacious Erdogan . On Wednesday , government officials in San Paulo and Rio de Janeiro announced that they would revoke the hike in bus fares in their cities . In this era of connectivity , a small complaint can explode . Politicians may outmaneuver rival parties during election campaigns . They can claim a majority at the polls -- as Erdogan does n't tire of remarking he has -- and they can ply their trade on the global stage . But they now have to deal with their citizens ' demands in a much more public way . Popular claims have new strength in our age of social media . It 's impossible to predict which issue will find flammable material hiding in shared resentments and ignite raging fires of discontent . The water cannons and the tear gas may disperse the first wave of protesters , but a click of a smartphone can produce a photo or video that instantly catches people 's attention , potentially attracting even larger protests . The crowd may grow if its concerns are ignored , especially if police repression is violent . One of the challenges for democratic governments is to balance what may be legitimate requirements of public order with a reasonable hearing for reasonable demands . That is the response that separates the tyrants from the democrats . Public space occupations and demonstrations have occurred in nations without democracy . We saw how regimes responded to protests in places like Egypt and Syria . We have seen crackdowns in Russia last year and in Iran after the 2009 elections . These new protests start over smaller issues -- not over tyranny or basic democratic rights . Local issues have a new power to surge with little warning , electrifying the crowds , jolting people out of complacency . Governments can be caught by surprise by what seem like trivial matters -- a small rise in bus fare or saving trees in a park . It was n't very long ago when every meeting of the powerful nations , of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , brought out angry anti-globalization crowds . Now , the concerns are more immediate , more personal . When President Obama arrived in Northern Ireland on Monday for the meeting of the G8 nations , there were more police officers than protesters . The nature of protest has changed . Governments may have the power to spy on citizens , to read their e-mails and listen to their conversations . But they have largely lost their ability to control the information that is out there . Governments have lost the power to change the subject , to divert attention , to blame a multinational institution or another country for the woes at home . Stories now refuse to die . Protesters , if angered by the government 's response , are more likely to persevere . Heads of government can not control their public image the way they once could . The demigods are dying . New technology may make it easier for governments to learn what the people are thinking , but it makes it harder for them to shape what the people believe . It 's a new age . They should consider themselves warned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : A massive protest can start any time -- just look at Turkey and Brazil Ghitis : In this era of connectivity , a little complaint can ignite raging fire of discontent She says these recent protests started over smaller issues , not over tyranny Ghitis : Technology has made it harder for governments to shape what people believe in
Washington  CNN  Tens of thousands of pro-life activists descended on Washington on Thursday for the annual March for Life , marking the 42nd anniversary of the Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade decision that made abortion legal -- by promising to end it . By the size of the crowds and the enthusiasm of the speakers , it was impossible to tell that just the night before , Republican leaders on Capitol Hill had spiked one of social conservatives ' biggest priorities , a bill banning abortion after the 20th week of pregnancy . The scramble over the bill behind closed doors was the latest in a series of conflicts within the caucus , and again underscored the challenge facing the GOP as they head into a presidential election year : How to expand the party 's appeal with untapped demographic groups , while still appeasing their conservative base . That was the concern raised by Rep. Renee Ellmers , the North Carolina Republican who , along with a group of GOP women and centrists in the party , led the successful effort to get the bill pulled . "  The first vote we take , or the second vote , or the fifth vote , should n't be on an issue where we know that millennials -- social issues just are n't as important -LSB- to them -RSB- , " she told National Journal last week . Ellmers and Rep. Jackie Walorski pulled their sponsorships because of concerns over a requirement that rape victims file a police report to get an exemption from the ban . Other centrist Republicans expressed concerns on Thursday that the party should be focusing on less controversial issues with broader appeal . "  This appeared to be messaging bill , and the message that was being sent was not a very good one , " Republican Rep Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania said . "  I would prefer that our party spent less time focusing on these very contentious social issues , because that distracts us from broader economic messages where I think we have much greater appeal to the larger public , " he said . The GOP has long faced significant issues in wooing single female voters and young voters , which contributed to its unexpected loss of the White House in 2012 . After that election , an RNC post-mortem report diagnosing the party 's problems suggested the GOP "  must in fact and deed be inclusive and welcoming " on social issues . SEE ALSO : House GOP leaders cave on abortion bill But as centrists in the party look to move away from the abortion issue , they 'll run up against fierce opposition from social conservatives , who were calling for revenge against Ellmers and other lawmakers who led the effort to drop the bill . Marjorie Dannenfelser , president of the pro-life Susan B. Anthony List , told CNN she met with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on Wednesday night and was "  shocked and surprised " when she was told they would n't be bringing the bill to a floor for a vote . "  No one ever brought up any of these issues . No one ever brought it up in the Senate races where we injected it in the middle of the campaign , " she said . " -LSB- House Republicans -RSB- have managed to really pull -LSB- defeat -RSB- out of the jaws of victory for sure . " House leadership has told her that the bill will eventually come up for a vote , but gave her no time line . A leadership aide said lawmakers are going to discuss how to move forward with the bill , but it 's not clear what 's next for it . Dannenfelser said Ellmers is almost certain to face a primary challenge in 2012 . "  My phone does not stop ringing with people asking me , what are we going to do about her next year ? I want to stay focused on getting the bill passed -- but some people ... there 's no protecting some people once they 've gone past the tipping point , " she said . Ellmers represents a GOP-leaning district and won her last primary with less than 60 % support , so the threat of a challenge in 2016 over the abortion issue is a significant one for her . But it 's less clear how the issue will play out for the GOP as a whole . This time last year , the RNC passed a resolution urging Republican candidates to speak out on the abortion issue on the campaign trail , and attendees at the event , including RNC Chairman Reince Priebus , said it was a winning issue . This time around , Priebus was elsewhere , and Republicans made little mention the abortion issue at their winter meeting . Most of the GOP 's likely presidential contenders kept mum on the developments on Capitol Hill . Rick Santorum , who was the favorite of social conservatives during the 2012 race and is contemplating another run , was relatively subdued about leadership pulling the bill . "  I 'm disappointed , " he said , "  but leadership is just doing what good leadership does -- which is listen to its members and try to work out a bill that is acceptable to the most within the caucus . " And few dozen protesters , mostly college students and older activists , gathered outside Ellmers ' office after the march to express their frustration with her move . One , Students for Life President Kristan Hawkins , called Ellmers a "  coward " for previously supporting a similar bill , before working to block this one . But asked whether candidates should run on the abortion issue if they hope to appeal to millennials , she demurred . "  Obviously , there are a ton of important issues that millennials care about ... but I think they should n't shy away from it , " she said .	At the March for Life on Thursday , thousands of pro-life activists pledged to end abortion The night before , House GOP leadership decided to drop a bill banning abortion at 20 weeks of pregnancy The move reflects the challenge for the GOP heading into 2016 , as it tries to expand its appeal
Washington  CNN  -- When the troubled federal health care website came online , the key "  Anonymous Shopper " function was nowhere to be found -- even though it passed a key test almost two weeks before HealthCare.gov launched . That successful test , noted in documents obtained by CNN and confirmed by a source close to the project , contradicts testimony from an Obama administration official overseeing HealthCare.gov , who told lawmakers earlier this month the function was scrapped because it "  failed miserably " before the October 1 launch . Like much of the HealthCare.gov rollout , the subject has become political fodder for Republicans , who claim the decision to nix the anonymous shopper was made by administration officials worried it would produce rate estimates so high they would deter potential enrollees . What is ` Anonymous Shopper ? ' The window shopping feature allows website visitors to compare health insurance plans without opening an account , verifying their identity or determining whether they qualify for a federal subsidy . The tool was turned off before HealthCare.gov launched and is still unavailable to users . Using anonymous shopping , visitors would have been able to enter their age , ZIP code , county , number of people in their household and whether they use tobacco , to obtain an array of almost instant quotes and detailed comparisons for various health insurance plans available to them . It 's the website feature that best resembles President Barack Obama 's frequently stated vision for the website -- that it operates as the most popular e-retail sites millions of Americans use every day . "  Just visit HealthCare.gov , and there you can compare insurance plans , side by side , the same way you 'd shop for a plane ticket on Kayak or a TV on Amazon , " Obama said on October 1 , the day the website went live . "  You enter some basic information , you 'll be presented with a list of quality , affordable plans that are available in your area , with clear descriptions of what each plan covers , and what it will cost . " Yet on that day , and even now , that 's not really possible . The absence of the online shopping tool is "  a major design failure , " said Sam Karp , vice president of programs at the California HealthCare Foundation , an Oakland-based nonprofit that supports and promotes the president 's signature health care program in the Golden State . Blocked out at HealthCare.gov ? Bypass on way soon , feds say Online window shopping "  is how people have become accustomed to shopping online , " Karp told CNN . "  Whether it 's for airplane flights or shoes , people have become accustomed to anonymously shopping without entering credit card or personal information . " The feature had the added benefit of taking some of the traffic demands off the enrollment portion of the website , Karp said . Lawmakers : Tell us why was the plan was scrapped So why was online window shopping shelved for HealthCare.gov ? That was the question lawmakers posed to Henry Chao , the top technology officer for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services , a subsidiary of HHS that helped build the HealthCare.gov website . Chao said he made the decision in conjunction with colleagues and testified before Congress last week that it was because the feature "  failed so miserably that we could not conscionably let people use it . " Yet a CMS document made public by the same committee last week tells a different story . The agency and one of its subsidiaries , the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight , was working with government contractors on the website . It determined the Anonymous Shopper feature "  tested successfully , " revealed "  no high severity defects open " and that "  remaining lower severity defects will not degrade consumer experience . " CMS raised questions about the "  tested successfully " denotation for the feature in a statement . In it , a spokeswoman writes : " â $ ªCMS believes that the ` yes ' that is written on the document in question is likely an error , because the same document also lists a number of ongoing defects and problems with the tool . Additional defects were communicated and discussed in other settings . " â $ ªThe source close to the project , however , said the anonymous shopper function did pass testing conducted in the weeks ahead of the HealthCare.gov launch . "  This document reflects one point in time that was part of a series of ongoing updates and monitoring , " Joanne Peters , a spokeswoman for HHS , said in a written statement . The successful test occurred on September 17 , according to a source familiar with the project . The next day , in an internal e-mail obtained by CNN , Chao wrote the shopper function "  is n't needed and thus should be removed . " During an interview with the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on November 1 , Chao said there were 20 outstanding defects with the anonymous shopper that prevented it from making it online when the health care website launched . But according to a list that CNN obtained , only 12 defects remained when the decision to shelve HealthCare.gov was made . "  The application should not have displayed the tobacco question since the person seeking coverage is a kid , " read one of the listed defects . A source close to the project said "  the problems with the tool were actually rather minor " and could have been fixed by launch day . Instead , government officials shelved the Anonymous Shopper tool to shift focus on the parts of the website necessary to enroll users in insurance plans . On September 12 and 18 , federal health officials instructed CGI , the contractor hired to create the Anonymous Shopper feature , to concentrate on a part of the website called "  Plan Compare , " rather than the window shopping feature , according to a document that CNN obtained . "  Plan Compare " allows users to look at health insurance plans only after they have created an account at HealthCare.gov , verified their identification and provided qualification details for a subsidy . "  As we have said , we always envisioned ` anonymous shopping ' as a tool that would be a part of HealthCare.gov at some point , however we chose to prioritize other functionality in order to be ready for an October 1 launch , " Peters , the HHS spokeswoman , told CNN . A week before the federal exchange launched , CMS instructed contractors to disable Anonymous Shopper for launch day , the document shows , preventing HealthCare.gov users from accessing the window shopping function . Prototype was a year in the making The California HealthCare Foundation , along with seven other nonprofits , helped finance and direct the creation of an Anonymous Shopper prototype in conjunction with 11 states and the agencies of the federal government . One of the world 's leading design firms , IDEO , created the prototype , Enroll UX 2014 , as a model of world class health insurance shopping experience . IDEO 's team for the $ 3 million project included the designer who created shoe and apparel giant Zappos.com and currently directs design at the popular online restaurant reservation site , OpenTable.com . After a year of work , they presented their Anonymous Shopper template to state and federal officials in June 2012 . CMS endorsed the prototype and encouraged states to adopt it , according to a letter the agency wrote to states , which CNN obtained . Many of those states , including California , Colorado and New York , are using the feature designed by IDEO effectively . "  After we presented -LSB- the prototype -RSB- to -LSB- federal health officials -RSB- , we never heard what they were doing with the design , " Karp said . "  The entire operation went dark , so to speak , and it was n't until it launched in October that we saw it was n't one of the components of how you apply " on the federal site . Political firestorm rages If it 's puzzling for health care experts such as Karp who consider the tool "  a prerequisite to having a good consumer experience , " it 's red meat for Republicans opposed to the health care program . They accuse the Obama administration of sidelining the feature to hide the sticker shock of insurance plans and force Americans to jump through hoops before they can shop . "  Although , CGI officials  the contractor for the shopping tool  were not able to identify who within the administration made the decision to disable the anonymous shopping feature , evidence is mounting that political considerations motivated the decision , " Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , wrote in a leader to federal tech executives in October . So far , no document or testimony has revealed White House involvement in the anonymous shopper decision , and privately , some Republicans admit the accusations the decision was made inside the West Wing is motivated by politics more than evidence . Almost two months since HealthCare.gov 's enrollment function went live , the anonymous shopper function is still absent from the site 's features , though HHS and CMS point to other online browsing features on the troubled online portal . "  Even without  Anonymous Shopper  in place , CMS included a list of plans and pretax credit examples of premiums on the homepage of HealthCare.gov the day the site launched , and later rolled out our plan preview tool that allows consumers to see this information by entering some basic information about themselves and the coverage they are looking for , " Peters said . The "  Plan Preview " tool was added to the site October 10 , amid criticism there was no window shopping feature . But it only includes two age categories for estimates -- "  49 or under " and "  50 or older " -- and has been criticized for providing wildly varied cost estimates . "  It 's not as good as Anonymous Shopper , " Karp told CNN . "  It does n't provide the full experience of anonymous shopping that was recommended " in the prototype CMS encouraged state exchanges to adopt , adding that the online window shopping tool "  still remains a key component , particularly to filter plans in states where there are so many plans . " Seven weeks after HealthCare.gov 's launch , the Anonymous Shopper tool is still shelved . At the federal government 's order , the contractor responsible for it , CGI , is not even working to ready it , a source close to the project tells CNN . HHS would not provide an estimate of when the window shopping feature will be available . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	"  Anonymous Shopper " function was touted as easy way to compare plans Administration official said it was scrapped because it "  failed miserably " Documents CNN has obtained finds that the program passed key tests in September Some Republicans speculate whether it was pulled for political reasons
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A woman who survived last week 's Spanair airline crash in Madrid left the hospital Tuesday , saying she was "  born again " by the disaster . Beatriz Reyes has been released from hospital after surviving the plane crash which killed 154 people . Beatriz Reyes , 41 , has been credited with saving two of the three children who survived the crash which killed 154 people . She is the second survivor to be sent home , while 16 others remained hospitalized Tuesday . The first to leave the hospital was a 6-year-old boy , apparently one of the children Reyes helped in the moments after the Spanair MD-82 airliner crashed on takeoff from Madrid 's Bajaras airport Wednesday . "  I saw some kids and I got them out , " Reyes said . "  I think anyone would have done it . " All 18 who survived were seated in the front section of the plane , the only part not to catch fire . Reyes was in seat 5-D . She said she remained conscious throughout the crash . "  I felt a strong blow and then my stomach went up and down , " she said . "  That 's when I knew there was an accident . " She said it was ironic that she was treated in the maternity ward at Hospital Infanta Sofia in the Madrid suburb of San Sebastian de los Reyes . "  On the 20th of August , I have been born again , " she said . She was returning home from a vacation in Germany when she boarded the flight to the city of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands . Reyes said she will continue to fly , a necessity for her job as a bank executive in the Canary Islands . Going home to the Canary Islands , she said , will be hard since the bodies of many of the dead will be arriving there with her . Initially , there were indications an engine might have caught fire as the plane was taking off , but a source familiar with the investigation said that an airport video showed the plane lifting off , veering sharply right , and then dragging or skidding down the right side of the runway . There is a cloud of dust , the source said , followed by a fireball . The crash remains under investigation . CNN 's Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Woman who survived Spanair crash in Madrid says she has been "  born again " Beatriz Reyes , 41 , saved two of the three children who survived the crash Reyes remained conscious throughout the crash which killed 154 people
CNN  -- A freelance cameraman covering Egypt 's constitutional referendum for The Associated Press has been released on bail , the news agency said Friday . Hassan Abdullah Hassan was producing video coverage outside a Cairo polling station when police seized him along with his driver , according to an AP report . His driver , Mohammed Salah Mohammed , was freed Thursday . "  We are pleased that Mr. Hassan has been released on bail , and we hope that any remaining legal questions can be resolved quickly , " said John Daniszewski , AP 's senior managing editor for international news . "  Hassan told AP by phone that he was arrested after police saw his footage being broadcast live on Al Jazeera Television 's Egyptian affiliate and wrongly concluded that he was an Al Jazeera employee , " the AP report said . CNN first learned of Hassan 's detention on Twitter after Cairo-based AP journalist Jon Gambrell tweeted the news . Last month , Egyptian authorities detained four Al Jazeera employees . They released cameraman Mohamed Fawzy on December 31 . But Peter Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed from Al Jazeera English remain detained . Authorities accused them of holding illegal meetings with the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist group there last month . Calling the arrests arbitrary , Al Jazeera has said the network "  has been subject to harassment by Egyptian security forces , " including having its equipment confiscated and offices raided , despite the network not being banned from working in Egypt . Nearly 40 correspondents and editors representing 29 international media organizations sent a letter to Egyptian authorities on Monday , demanding the journalists ' immediate release and accusing authorities of detaining them arbitrarily . They also call for the release of other journalists who have been detained in Egypt , some of whom they say have been arbitrarily imprisoned for more than five months . "  The arrest of these journalists has cast a cloud over press and media freedom in Egypt , " the letter reads . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	The AP says Egyptian police released freelance cameraman Hassan Abdullah Hassan on bail Hassan was covering Egypt 's constitutional referendum for the news agency Hassan told AP the authorities "  wrongly concluded that he was an Al Jazeera employee "
CNN  -- The battle over the proposed Keystone XL pipeline , which would stretch 1,700 miles through six states , from Alberta , Canada , across the U.S. heartland , and into Texas to Gulf Coast refineries , is intensifying . The final congressional hearing on the $ 7 billion project is scheduled for October 7 in Washington . And the State Department , which has to sign off on the deal because of the international scope of the project , has said a decision is expected before the end of the year . Environmental groups are furious about the pipeline , which would carry at least 700,000 barrels of tar sands oil a day to U.S. refineries , and the plan to run it through sensitive environmental areas . During a two-week protest in front of the White House more than 1,200 people were arrested , including actress Daryl Hannah and leading NASA climate scientist James Hansen . Veteran activist Bill McKibben , with the group Tar Sands Action , was the main organizer of the civil disobedience campaign or sit-in , which ended this weekend . The group wanted to send a message to President Barack Obama because the project also needs a presidential permit to move ahead . "  There are two basic problems here . One they want to run a 1,700-mile pipe and they 're going to run it through some of the most sensitive land in this country : The Ogallala Aquifer  which provides drinking water for 20 million people  in the middle of the country , " McKibben said . McKibben thinks the second problem may be the bigger issue . "  Even if you can get all that oil to Texas without spilling it , what you 've done is open up a huge pipeline into the second-largest pool of carbon on Earth , after the Saudi oil fields . " He quotes leading scientists as saying if oil companies tap this huge pool of tar sands in a big way , "  it is essentially game over for the climate . " The oil industry disputes this . And the State Department concluded in a final environmental review on August 26 that the pipeline would have no significant impact . "  There would be no significant impacts to most resources along the proposed pipeline corridor , " Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs Assistant Secretary Kerri-Ann Jones told reporters on August 27 . A spokeswoman for the American Petroleum Institute , Sabrina Fang , says TransCanada is going to develop the pipeline , whether the U.S. is involved or not and that China is poised to get involved in exporting the oil if the U.S. does n't . Fang says she thinks the protesters are really protesting against jobs . She points to the flat Labor Department jobs report for August and the nation 's 9.1 % unemployment rate last month . "  This pipeline can create 20,000 jobs , almost immediately . So we are very much for this pipeline . We think it 's great for the American economy 'cause it will create jobs and it 's also good for energy security . " Later this month McKibben says more civil disobedience actions are planned in Canada on Parliament Hill in Ottawa . He also says they 're planning another big protest in Washington on October 7 , the day of the final hearing . The pipeline would draw from oil sands deposits in Canada and pass through Montana , South Dakota , Nebraska , Oklahoma and Texas , with construction on an existing pipeline in Kansas . It is estimated to cost $ 7 billion .	Environmental groups say dangerous pipeline would go through sensitive land It would bring oil from Canada 's tar sands to Texas 2-week sit-in in front of White House ended this weekend State Department says it will decide by end of the year
CNN  -- A woman in Little Egg Harbor , New Jersey , came forward as part of a group of 16 that won a piece of the $ 448 million jackpot from Wednesday 's Powerball lottery drawing . Susan Nichel told CNN affiliate WPVI in Philadelphia on Friday that she was part of a group in the Ocean County vehicle maintenance facility in Toms River that pooled their money together to buy a ticket . "  I 'm still up in the clouds . I ca n't even tell you . I 'm so excited . My coworker Elaine came out and shook me and said ` We did win , ' " Nichel said . The group 's lottery ticket was worth $ 86 million , but between federal and state taxes and splitting the sum among the group , each contributor will received about $ 3.5 million , according to WPVI . There were three winning tickets sold in this mega Powerball drawing . An electrical engineer in Minnesota came forward on Thursday to claim his one-third stake . The other two tickets were sold in New Jersey , one at a Super Stop n Shop in South Brunswick and the other at an Acme Market in Little Egg Harbor , according to Carole Hedinger , the executive director of the New Jersey Lottery . Why you keep playing the lottery The holder of the third lottery ticket has yet to come forward . On Friday , CNN spoke with another member of the group of 16 maintenance workers . The man , 59 , did not wish to be identified . "  We 're just trying to keep it normal , stay relatively calm . Keeping it real as they say , " he said . Sixty people work at the Toms River facility , though only 16 decided to pool their money together . The all-time largest U.S. jackpot was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split among three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . Powerball is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 .	New Jersey woman is one of 16 from workplace pool Group 's ticket was worth $ 86 million ; each employee will get about $ 3.5 million There were three winning tickets in drawing , one winner yet to be identified
CNN  -- As Italy and other countries stare into the financial abyss , questions are being raised about whether the European Central Bank should be bailing out failing economies as the only institution with sufficient funds available to act on several fronts at once . But although the ECB may have the resources to help pull Italy and other cash-strapped eurozone nations back from the brink , bank president Mario Draghi says ECB intervention can not be the answer . "  What makes you think becoming the lender of last resort for governments is actually the thing you need to keep the eurozone together ? " Draghi said at a press conference last week . What is the ECB 's traditional role ? The European Central Bank was established in 1998 after the Treaty of the European Union -- known as the Treaty of Maastricht -- created the structure for what would become the euro currency . The ECB 's mandates are to control inflation and ensure some level of stability for the 17 countries that use the euro currency . Like other central banks , the ECB 's main tool for attaining these goals is by raising or lowering interest rates -- a key tool for influencing financial markets . The ECB 's primary remit is to control inflation around 2 % or below . It also keeps money flowing through the eurozone 's economy by lending cash  known as providing liquidity  to the sovereigns in return for holding collateral , or bonds , of those states . The bloc 's financial structure allowed , however , each eurozone country to retain their own tax policies , budgets and banks and issue their own bonds . It is this lack of integration which is often pointed to as being a key contributing factor in the eurozone crisis -- not to mention a lack of fiscal responsibility by member countries , according to Howard Wheeldon , senior strategist at BGC Partners . "  The ECB could 've been shouting across the rooftops that too many euro members were not obeying the rules that were set in stone before the eurozone came into being in terms of deficit and debt , " he said . How has that role changed during the crisis ? While the ECB 's power was initially limited to controlling interest rates , as the global financial crisis deepened European leaders authorized the bank to begin buying government debt in order to stabilize countries ' bond yields -- the rate a country must pay to borrow money to pay its bills . If investors lose confidence that a country will pay back its debts , fewer investors will by the country 's bonds , which in turn will drive the rate up . Greece , Ireland and Portugal were all forced to seek bailouts once their 10-year bond yield , or rate , surpassed and remained above the 7 % mark for an extended period of time . Since August the ECB has bought billions of euros worth of Italian bonds in attempt to keep Italy well below this "  point of no return " -- but on November 9 Italy 's bond yield surged to a euro-era high of 7.3 % amid fears that the eurozone 's third largest economy could collapse . Some investors and economists see the ECB as the only European institution with the capacity to respond quickly to the crisis in Italy . Why does n't the ECB want to continue buying Italian bonds ? As international lenders desert Italy , the ECB is now in the uncomfortable position of being seen as a potential lender of last resort for nations that can no longer borrow from the private sector . The ECB is reluctant to do so , however , because the bank believes the practice would merely gloss over serious economic problems in eurozone countries and discourage them from enacting austerity measures in order to bring their debts under control . "  Once you 've put that ` lender of last resort ' thing out there , the perception will be  that cash-strapped countries will  be automatically bailed out , " said Wheeldon . "  But financial stability can only occur if countries have discipline . " Experts say Italy needs to enact reforms that will boost economic growth , not just cut spending , to stabilize its debts -- and ECB leaders remain opposed to expanding the bank 's balance sheet with risky sovereign debt . Still , other analysts say the ECB may quietly increase its purchases of Italian bonds if the government demonstrates a commitment to getting its fiscal house in order . What else can the ECB do ? While buying bonds is currently an integral part of the strategy to keep Italy from collapse , experts say any successful approach must be more comprehensive if it is to work . "  Buying bonds ca n't be the total modus operandi " , said Wheeldon . "  The ECB will have to do a combination of things to  prevent Italian default  . " The ECB could lower interest rates in an attempt to encourage growth in eurozone countries , although some experts doubt a rate drop would make a much of a difference . European leaders could also pass legislation to allow the ECB to print billions of euros to pay off sovereign debt , but experts say that would only devalue the euro , cause inflation and undermine the bank 's credibility . "  If that was the easy solution it would 've been done , " said Wheeldon . "  If the ECB printed money , the soundness of the bank would be seriously questioned . " CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and CNNMoney 's Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	ECB 's primary mandate is to control inflation through interest rate changes ECB has been buying Italian bonds since August to try to keep yields low The bank has repeatedly said the bond-buying program is a temporary measure
CNN  -- The death toll from the collapse of a large department store in Ghana this week is now 12 , a store spokesman told CNN Saturday . The six-story Melcom building crumpled Wednesday morning in a suburb of Accra , the West African nation 's capital . Rescue workers searched for survivors trapped under rubble . They included Ghanaian rescue crews and an Israeli team with sniffer dogs and heavy machinery . At least 78 people , including Melcom employees and construction workers , have been pulled from the debris as of Saturday and taken to hospitals , said Richmond Oduro-Kwarteng , Melcom spokesman in Accra . Thirteen have since been discharged and at least one is in critical condition . "  There are still many voices being heard under the rubble , " Oduro-Kwarteng said . "  Rescue officials are saying the building collapsed due to poor foundation . " Oduro-Kwarteng said one man claimed he got a phone call from his girlfriend trapped in rubble "  at the cookies section of the store . " "  The rescue team is studying the design of the store so they can locate her , " he said . A nearby bank building has been evacuated pending a probe into the collapse . Melcom has 25 shopping centers across Ghana , including nine in Accra .	Voices still heard under rubble , store spokesman says Israeli sniffer dogs used to find survivors Dozens have been pulled out so far
CNN  -- Control of Tripoli International Airport changed hands Saturday evening , after an alliance of Islamist militias from around Libya seized the reins from a rival group . Fighting was intense and spread from around the airport to other parts of Tripoli . Unknown fighter jets struck locations used by the alliance -- known as the Libya Dawn forces -- killing at least 12 Misrata militiamen , according to the Libyan state news agency , LANA . Air traffic has been interrupted since the fighting began , with most international carriers suspending flights in and out of Libya . The airport had previously been under the control of moderate militias from the western city of Zintan , who took control of it three years ago during the Libyan revolution , which toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi . The takeover of the airport followed a more than a monthlong offensive dubbed "  Libya Dawn , " the alliance said on social media . Nearly three years after a revolution and NATO military intervention , Libya continues to be beset by instability -- politically , militarily and otherwise . That has included extensive violence , much of it involving increasingly powerful militias that have outgunned the North African nation 's central government . Late last month , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , the United Nations and other international organizations and businesses evacuated their staffs due to the unrest . U.S. Embassy in Libya evacuates personnel The airport in Tripoli has long been a focal point of this fighting , as fighters tried to wrest control of it from the Zintan militia . The head of Libya 's U.N. mission , Tarek Mitri , said in July that the stakes were high for all sides . "  As the number of military actors mobilizing and consolidating their presence within the capital continues to grow , there is a mounting sense of a probable imminent and significant escalation in the conflict , " Mitri said . Fighting intensifies in Libya , airport control at stake CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Rival militias have been fighting for weeks in and around Tripoli 's airport An alliance of militias claims that it has taken the airport from a rival militia Militias are increasingly powerful , outgunning the central government
Los Angeles  CNN  Even as major airports across the country clamp down on employee screening , a lone wolf could still potentially slip through security , a top airport official said . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . Patrick Gannon , police chief of Los Angeles International Airport , said the 54,000 employees with security badges undergo recurring criminal background checks and random screening . But even that may not be enough . "  I agree that in any airport throughout the United States and here also , there is never a 100 % guarantee that somebody who wanted to do something illegal or wrong could n't make that happen , " Gannon said . Only two major airports in the United States -- Miami and Orlando -- conduct full employee screening by requiring all employees with access to secure areas to pass through a metal detector , a CNN investigation found . Other airports like Los Angeles conduct random screenings . Many airports do n't do any screenings at all other than a criminal background check before employees are hired . The crackdown on employee screening comes after the arrest of a Delta baggage handler and passenger accused of gun smuggling at Atlanta 's Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in December . Both Atlanta and Los Angeles have since begun restricting access by closing access doors that lead to the airfield . Nevertheless , Gannon acknowledged that the potential of a lone wolf committing a crime at the airport worries him . "  It concerns me all the time , " he said . With so many employees , " -LSB- T -RSB- here is no way that you are going to have the ability to screen every single person that comes to work in the airport . " At LAX , employees punch in a code and swipe their badge to access the airfield . Gannon said about 18 out of approximately 300 access doors have been closed as the airport evaluates employee screening procedures . He said , "  the more you limit the access doors , the more you can focus things like spot checks and screenings and cameras . " Even at Miami International Airport , Gannon said , "  they still ca n't 100 % say that they can keep contraband or any type of item out of their restricted area . " Lauren Stover , Miami airport security director , agreed that ID badges alone "  are not enough -LSB- to -RSB- stop malicious intent . " "  You can vet employees for basic information on their backgrounds , but it 's not going to prevent them from carrying out some kind of malicious activity against an airport . And airports need to know their threats . For us , we have threats from criminal activity to being targets of a terrorism attack , " Stover said . In the wake of congressional scrutiny of airport employee screening procedures , private security guards at Atlanta 's airport last month began checking employee bags as the first step toward moving toward full employee screening . The airport also plans to reduce the number of secure access doors from 70 to 10 . "  In the last six months ... people are being recruited to engage in terrorist acts , " said Miguel Southwell , the airport 's general manager . "  People are being recruited from the United States . So now we have a greater insider threat . " The TSA is conducting a review of the feasibility of full employee screening , although previous government studies have concluded that would be too expensive and inefficient . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Airports are stepping up employee screening Still , there 's never a 100 % guarantee of safety , airport official says CNN investigation found only two major U.S. airports conduct full employee screenings
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's Constitutional Court Tuesday fired the country 's prime minister , Samak Sundaravej , for violating the constitution by hosting a TV cooking show while in office . Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej talks with a market vendor on Monday in Udon Thani province . Tuesday 's ruling against Sundaravej , who has faced weeks of violent street protests , also forces the resignation of his cabinet . Ministers are barred from working for private companies , and Samak 's opponents filed the case hoping that a conviction will compel him to step down . In theory , analysts say , Samak can return as prime minister in days -- if the ruling coalition nominates him again and a parliament vote is taken . Samak appeared in court Monday , and argued that he had not violated any rules . His work for the television company , he said , was as a freelancer and not an employee . Further , he said , the show was not on the air any more and that he received just $ 2,300 for his appearances . The 73-year-old Samak continued to appear sporadically on the show "  Tasting while Grumbling " after he became prime minister in February . On the show , he served up personal favorites and dished on topics that struck his fancy . Watch CNN 's Dan Rivers on latest crisis for Thai PM " Soon after taking office , he told CNN that he was no reason to halt his participation . "  Somebody says as a prime minister , I have time , but I should not do such a thing like that . I said , ` No , I checked the constitution already . There 's no obstruction with that , ' " he said . Professor Suchit Bunbongkarn , an expert on the constitution , said the document clearly bans prime ministers from being employed by a private entity . "  It depends on the constitutional court to decide whether receiving money to appear in the programs on the television could be considered an employee of any employer or not , " he said . The court case is another attempt by Samak 's opponents who have thrown everything but the kitchen sink at him . Samak was already facing charges of corruption , appealing a three-year prison sentence for defaming a deputy governor and dealing with an election commission decision last week that his party committed electoral fraud in the December elections and should be dissolved . In addition , thousands of protesters have camped outside the Government House , the government 's headquarters -- blocking Samak from entering since August 26 . The protesters are demanding that Samak step down . They accuse him of being a proxy for his ousted predecessor , Thaksin Shinawatra . Samak has strongly denied the allegation and has refused to resign . On Tuesday , he declared a state of emergency in the capital city of Bangkok after overnight clashes between his supporters and anti-government demonstrators that wounded 40 and left one person dead . The People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  -- which is heading the protests -- contends Samak is trying to amend the constitution so Thaksin does not have to face charges . Thaksin , who was ousted in a coup in 2006 , returned to England last month just as he was to appear in court in a corruption case . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Thai court fires PM Sundaravej for violating constitution Sundaravej participated in television cooking show Ministers in Thailand are barred from working for private companies
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A 19-year-old prostitute working in an apartment that doubles as a brothel said she has up to eight clients a day . A woman awaits customers at a Beijing barber shop in 2008 . Sex workers also ply their trade in barber shops . Working in the southern boom city of Shenzhen , a special economic zone just north of Hong Kong , she told CNN she worries about getting AIDS , but has her own prevention measures . "  I always use condoms or take an injection . The medicine can prevent sexually transmitted diseases , " she said . "  Some girls do not use prevention measures , but we do n't talk about that in public . " This young woman , who would not give her name , is part of a group that Chinese and international health authorities are concerned could potentially spread HIV and AIDS in the world 's most populated country , so officials have stepped up efforts to educate them about the virus and dispel misconceptions about so-called "  injections " that can prevent infection . "  I think sex work is probably one of the most important factors for the potential of HIV spreading in Asia and also in China . There is no doubt about it , " said Bernhard Schwartlander , UNAIDS China Country Coordinator . "  One of the things that we have seen in China is that knowledge about HIV/AIDS is very low in the general population and certainly also in the sex work industry . That is a big , big problem , " Schwartlander said . It is estimated that some 700,000 people are living with HIV in China and there are about 50,000 new infections every year , according to the Chinese government and UNAIDS . The U.N. agency believes a significant number of those new infections include sex workers . Prostitution is officially illegal in China , but very loosely addressed by the government . It is estimated that there are between two and four million sex workers in China . As the country 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry , especially in prosperous cities like Shenzhen . Many clients flock there from Hong Kong which is just an hour away , some of them businessmen with money to spend . Condom use in China can range anywhere from about 20 percent to 80 percent , according to UNAIDS . "  There are misconceptions . People think that they can avoid HIV infections by taking a pill . People think that they are not at risk for HIV infections because they do n't know anybody  who has it  , because you ca n't see it , you ca n't touch it . And clearly , this is something that we have to change very rapidly , " Schwartlander said . Historically , HIV and AIDS have been taboo topics in China , another reason awareness can be so low . Prevention in the gay community has also been difficult because of traditional stigmas against homosexuality . But the Chinese government is now conducting educational campaigns to inform higher risk groups , including sex workers , about how to prevent the transmission of HIV . "  After years of these campaigns , we found out through survey that condom use is constantly increasing , especially in urban areas , the condom use can reach 70 percent or even up to 80 percent , " said Hao Yang , Deputy Bureau Chief of the Chinese Health Ministry 's Disease Prevention and Control Bureau . But other areas are proving difficult . In rural parts of the country , the proportion of condom use among sex workers is less than 50 percent , Hao said . "  When we go to investigate in rural areas , the proportion of people with this knowledge  of AIDS prevention  is still very low , " he said . "  In addition to that , the proportion of change in their activities is also very low , which means that the condom use rate is still low . " About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV , Schwartlander said . But in one part of Yunnan province in the country 's far southwest , seven percent of the sex workers -- or as many as 14 in every 200 -- have HIV , according to UNAIDS . "  The sex workers living in remote areas and rural areas have played an important role in AIDS spreading . We do not have a precise figure for the proportion that sex workers make up in it  the spread of AIDS  , but we can say that they are making up a significant proportion , " Hao said . The government has a long-term plan to educate the general public and to strengthen intervention in the high-risk populations , particularly sex workers , Hao said . When HIV initially began to spread in China , infections were concentrated among people who injected drugs , Schwartlander said . Campaigns among this group have been effective , while infections among other groups have risen . One of those groups , Hao said , was men having sex with men , which accounts for 5.9 percent of infections , according to the Chinese Health Ministry . A majority of the infections are concentrated among drug users , men having sex with men , and sex workers and their clients , Schwartlander said . "  Society and communities have been able to curb the spread of HIV , also in sex work , and that is what we have to do , " Schwartlander said . As China 's economy grows , it is likely the sex industry will as well . Current estimates show that some 30 to 50 million people are at significant risk for HIV infection , Schwartlander said . "  China is a society which is in quite a significant transition . There is a huge increase in disparity of income between the rich and the poor , and all these are very well-known factors that drive the sex industry forward , " Schwartlander said . "  Clearly , in China , I think that the sex industry is a rising industry . We will see an increase in the number of sex workers due to these factors in the future . " A 22-year-old prostitute in Shenzhen , who did not want to give her name , said she knows the risk but needs the work . "  AIDS is the number one killer for my job . I can not let this disease destroy my life . This is only a short-term business . I do n't have any relatives in Shenzhen and ca n't borrow any money . I can only rely on myself . "	Some people in China believe injections or a pill can prevent infection Some 700,000 people have HIV in China ; about 50,000 new infections yearly About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV As China 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government said Wednesday it is holding a Somali man on immigration violations , but gave no indication why the man was deemed to be a threat to a commercial jet that was denied permission to overfly the United States on Sunday . However , the brother of Abdirahman Ali Gaal , the detained man , said U.S. officials may be suspicious because of Gaal 's outspoken views about U.S. policy in the Middle East , his frequent comments on an Internet website , and his recent travel to Mauritania in northern Africa to study Islam . Abdifatah Gaal described his brother as "  confused " by the detention because he had been assured by U.S. authorities while overseas that there was no impediment to his return to the United States . The case of Abdirahman Ali Gaal came to a head Sunday when U.S. authorities denied permission for the Aeromexico flight he was on -- traveling from Paris , France , to Mexico City , Mexico -- to overfly the United States . The flight was diverted to Montreal , where Canadian officials took custody of Gaal before turning him over to U.S. officials Tuesday . U.S. officials have since said that Gaal was on the "  no fly " list , compiled by the government , of people banned from flying in the United States . Matthew Chandler , a Department of Homeland Security spokesman , said Wednesday that Gaal was questioned by U.S. officials . "  In the course of that interview process , he was determined to be inadmissible to the United States and is currently being detained pending immigration proceedings , " Chandler said . Gaal admitted to having committed fraud when he applied for refugee status in Canada in October 2008 and to abandoning his "  legal permanent residency " status in the United States by departing the U.S. for more than 10 months and applying for refugee status in Canada , a U.S. official told CNN on condition of not being identified by name . Immigration issues of that sort , however , do not typically put a person on the "  no fly " list , which includes about 6,000 people , the official acknowledged . U.S. officials declined to provide any further information about the matter . Gaal 's brother , contacted Wednesday by CNN , said Gaal had strong political beliefs but has insisted he had done nothing wrong . Abdifatah Gaal said his brother was critical of U.S. policies in the Middle East and aired his views on Paltalk , which hosts Internet chat forums . Several months ago , he said , his brother went to Mauritania in northern Africa to study Islam . While in Mauritania , Gaal received a call from his wife in Toronto , saying she had been visited by Canadian police looking for him . Gaal then went to the U.S. Embassy in Mauritania and was told there was no impediment to him returning home , according to his brother . Gaal also called the FBI to check on his status , his brother said . Gaal flew to Paris and on to Mexico City , and intended to travel to Seattle , Washington , where their mother lives , his brother said . Abdifatah Gaal said his brother 's arm was broken when he was removed from the aircraft in Montreal , even though , he said , Gaal did not resist . He said the family is trying to hire an immigration attorney to represent his brother .	Man triggered weekend diversion of an Aeromexico flight Brother says the detained man was told he could return to the United States Man was on the "  no fly " list compiled by the U.S. government
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Protesters across Iraq Tuesday urged government authorities to free the TV correspondent who threw his shoes at President Bush . TV reporter Muntadhar al-Zaidi , shown in a file photo , was jailed after throwing his shoes at President Bush . Hundreds of students at Diyala University in Baquba carried banners demanding the release of Muntadhar al-Zaidi -- described by demonstrators as an "  honorable Iraqi . " Smaller protests emerged in the Anbar province city of Falluja and in two Baghdad locations -- Baghdad University in the northern part of the city and western Baghdad 's Ameriya district . In those events , students also took to the streets . Al-Zaidi threw his shoes at Bush while Bush and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki were holding a Sunday news conference after the president 's surprise visit to Baghdad . The journalist was dragged to the ground , hustled out of the room and arrested . Shouting as he was dragged to the floor , the reporter called his shoe-throwing -- a traditional insult in Arab culture -- a "  farewell kiss " to a "  dog " who launched the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Watch Muntadhar al-Zaidi throw his shoes at Bush " Dhirgham al-Zaidi , the shoe-thrower 's brother , said the journalist hated the "  material American occupation " and Iranian influence in Iraq . Asked about the incident by CNN 's Candy Crowley , Bush said , "  I did n't have much time to reflect on anything . I was ducking and dodging . " He said the journalist was "  looking for notoriety " and that authorities should n't overreact in their treatment of him . TV networks across the world continue to air the shoe-throwing scene , which has touched a nerve in the Arab world , where there has been an outpouring of support for al-Zaidi -- a correspondent for the Egyptian-based Al-Baghdadia TV . The network , which has been airing rolling live coverage about the incident , is urging his release and has invited guests who support him into its studio . Watch Arab reaction to the incident " Its crawls include messages of support from Iraqis and foreigners . Iraqis have been receiving short text messages of support on their cell phones , and some of the notes are short poems . Al-Baghdadia reported Tuesday al-Zaidi called one of his brothers and said he was in the custody of judicial authorities and will appear Wednesday in Baghdad 's Central Criminal Court . He asked his defense team to meet him there , the network said . Web sites and Facebook pages devoted to al-Zaidi have also been posted .	NEW : Journalist just looking for notoriety , Bush says Hundreds of students carried banners demanding release of Muntadhar al-Zaidi Al-Zaidi was described by demonstrators as an "  honorable Iraqi " Brother says reporter hated American , Iranian influence in Baghdad
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has not only declared himself fit to play at this week 's PGA Championship , after playing nine holes of practice at Valhalla on Wednesday , but he 's also eying a fifth title . Since he withdrew from the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational on Sunday after jarring his troublesome back , Woods ' participation had dominated the buildup to the final major of the year . However , the 38-year-old 's physiotherapist fixed a problem that had looked set to rule him out , after Woods dislocated his sacrum -- a bone at the base of his spine -- when landing in a bunker . "  I felt good once the bone was put back in , " the former number one told reporters on Wednesday evening . "  I 'm not in any pain . " "  Once he put it back in , the spasms went away and from there I started getting some range of motion . "  The inflammation has been down , I have range of motion , my speed and power -- and I just need to keep it up . " Leaderboard : PGA Championship Woods ' participation had been in serious doubt prior to his practice round , after he struggled to tie his shoes on Sunday because of pain . Yet there was better still for Woods ' legion of fans as he responded to the question of whether he could win in Louisville with a resounding ` Yes ' . "  To  try to go out there and win this event , that 's all I 'm focused on , " said Woods , who won the PGA Championship the last time it was held at Valhalla Golf Club in 2000 . Following surgery to treat a trapped nerve in his back in March , a three-month layoff forced the American to miss both the Masters -- for the first time in his career -- and the U.S. Open . His back problems appeared to have been put behind him until the weekend flare-up in Ohio , only the third PGA Tour event he had contested since the operation . However , Woods says Sunday 's injury was unrelated to the operation earlier this year . "  It was a different pain to what I had been experiencing so I know it was not the site of the surgery , " he explained . Woods ' confidence about any potential victory flies in the face of his recent performances in the majors , having failed to win any of the last 19 he has contested . In his last appearance at July 's British Open , he finished 69th -- a performance that would have been unimaginable prior to the decline in his game following the well-documented marital problems he suffered in 2009 . Trailing the all-time record held by Jack Nicklaus , 14-time major winner Woods needs to prove his form and fitness this week to have a hope of making Tom Watson 's team for next month 's Ryder Cup against Europe in Scotland . While keeping a close eye on Woods ' practice round , the veteran Watson also named Steve Stricker as one his Ryder Cup vice-captains on Wednesday -- with the 47-year-old joining Andy North and Raymond Floyd as an assistant . Woods ' form this season barely reflects the feverish speculation over his fitness , since his best finish from the seven tournaments he has contested worldwide is a lowly 25th . Should he suffer no further problems , Woods will partner former champions Phil Mickelson and Padraig Harrington when he tees off on Thursday . He is chasing his fifth title after winning the event in 1999 , 2000 , 2006 and 2007 . PGA breaks with tradition In a separate development on Wednesday , PGA Championship organizers announced that the 2016 edition of the competition will be held in July . The event is traditionally held in August but with golf featuring at that year 's Olympics for the first time since 1904 , with the Rio Games running between August 5-21 , the PGA has been forced into a change . The tournament scheduled for Baltusrol in New Jersey will now take place on July 28-31 . "  It 's a condensed schedule , " PGA of America chief executive officer Pete Bevacqua told reporters at Valhalla . "  Obviously with the Olympics , it 's also a Ryder Cup year , you throw in the  PGA playoffs  , so it 's a very congested schedule . "	Woods declares himself fit to play Thursday 's PGA Championship Participation had been in doubt after suffering back problems on Sunday Former world number one says he can win fifth PGA crown this week
New York  CNN  -- The head of the National Black Farmers Association renewed his call Tuesday for Congress to fund a historic discrimination case settlement involving minority farmers . He slammed the sharply divided Senate for repeatedly stripping funding provisions from different bills , and urged President Obama to call for a decisive vote on the measure by the end of September . "  Suffering is an understatement of what is going on with black farmers , " John Boyd said in front of a federal courthouse in lower Manhattan . We "  are tired of waiting . " Boyd said black farmers are losing land at a rate three times faster than other agricultural workers . He said that it takes nearly 400 days to process a black farmer 's loan request at the Agriculture Department , compared with less than 30 days for white farmers . "  Congress has money for everything -- to bail out banks , Wall Street , AIG , everybody , " he said . But "  we ca n't seem to get this done . There is something terribly wrong with that picture . " Boyd showed up in front of the courthouse with a mule -- a reference to Civil War-era promises of assistance for freed African-American slaves . Last month , the U.S. Senate failed to approve $ 1.25 billion for the settlement between the U.S. Agriculture Department and black farmers , prompting finger-pointing by members of both parties and outrage among many black farmers . "  We are very , very , very disappointed that we are just caught up in such a larger political fight in the Senate , where it 's just partisan division , " Boyd said after the August 5 outcome . A 1997 case against the Agriculture Department , Pigford v. Glickman , was settled out of court 11 years ago , but tens of thousands of farmers missed the filing deadline to submit claims . As a senator , Obama sponsored a measure in the 2008 Farm Bill that reopened the case , known as Pigford II . The $ 1.25 billion settlement is owed to the farmers after years of being denied government farm loans and support from federal programs because of the color of their skin . Under a federal judge 's terms dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . In February , the Department of Justice released a statement saying Attorney General Eric Holder and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack were announcing a resolution to Pigford II . The statement said the settlement agreement is contingent on the appropriation of funds by Congress . "  Following the appropriation , class members may pursue their individual claims through a non-judicial claims process in front of a neutral arbitrator , " the Justice Department statement said . "  Claimants who establish their credit-related claims will be entitled to receive up to $ 50,000 and debt relief . A separate track may provide actual damages of up to $ 250,000 through a more rigorous process . The actual value of awards may be reduced based on the total amount of funds made available and the number of successful claims . " Prominent members of both parties have voiced support for paying out the settlements . In July , the House approved a war supplemental funding bill that included money to pay for the settlement . But the attempt to approve the funds in August failed in the Senate . It was the seventh attempt by the Senate to approve the funds , Boyd said . CNN 's Shawna Shepherd , Alan Silverleib , Elise Zeiger and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Association chief urges final Senate vote on black farmers ' aid by end of month The settlement involves the U.S. Agriculture Department Qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias Democrats and Republicans have supported paying out the money
CNN  -- German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble says the eurozone 's problems are not solved , but "  we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago . " Asked whether he foresaw any further bailouts coming , he replied : "  No , no I do n't see . " In a rare interview , conducted in English , he said : "  If Chancellor Merkel  is  reelected I am confident that we will continue to work for a stronger Europe -- that 's our general position . We do n't want a German Europe but we want a strong Europe and that means every member state including Germany has to increase its competitiveness , " Schaeuble said . "  A stronger Europe means that everyone has to do its duty and not to ask for more money by others -- that 's the wrong way to get a strong Europe , that 's the wrong incentive . " His comments come ahead of the September 22 election , as Merkel faces a German electorate weary of Europe 's largest economy helping to bail out troubled eurozone nations , whose debt woes have threatened the stability of the currency . Greece , along with three other eurozone countries -- Portugal , Ireland and Cyprus -- remain dependent on rescue loans from the EU and International Monetary Fund  IMF  . The 17-nation eurozone has emerged from its longest ever recession , growing 0.3 % in the second quarter after 18 months of contraction . Unemployment rates remain high , but worries that the debt crisis could spread to larger economies such as Spain and Italy -- which both saw borrowing costs climb dangerously high last year -- have abated . "  You can see if you look at the rates for sovereign debts they are stable . Markets have confidence in the stability of the eurozone as a whole . And economies are recovering in the whole of the eurozone and the average deficit has been halved in all member states of the eurozone in the last three years . " Schaeuble acknowledged that Greece will need further assistance , but said there will be no further "  hair cuts " -- such as 100 billion euros in losses Greek debt holders were forced to incur last year -- for Greece or any other eurozone nation . Schaeuble : Enthusiastic and on campaign trail CNN 's Nina dos Santos and Irene Chapple contributed this this report	German finance minister : ' I do n't see ' any further eurozone bailouts Greece , Portugal , Ireland and Cyprus remain dependent on EU/IMF bailout funds Comments come ahead of September 22 elections for Chancellor Angela Merkel The 17-nation eurozone recently emerged from its longest ever recession
CNN  -- The paintings and carvings have been scattered around the caves and bluff faces of the Cumberland Plateau for centuries , left behind by the ancestors of the Native American nations of the Southeast . Now a lengthy survey of the works indicates they 're all part of a pattern -- a sweeping , interrelated series that illustrates how the continent 's prehistoric inhabitants saw the universe and their place in it , University of Tennessee anthropologist Jan Simek said . "  What 's part interesting is it spans an area literally from the Kentucky line down into northern Alabama , " Simek said . Most of them are between 500 and 900 years old , but radiocarbon dating indicates one painting of a hunter in east-central Tennessee was laid down 6,000 years ago . That would make it the oldest representation in North America known to date , he said . See also : Ancient Mayan pyramid destroyed for road fill "  There is this cosmology being expressed ... and one of the things we 're trying to suggest is the composition has an enormous scale , " he said . Simek and colleagues from the University of the South , the U.S. Geological Survey and Mississippi State University spent about a decade and a half documenting the rock art of the Cumberland Plateau , which slices across Tennessee between Chattanooga and Nashville . They found common themes , colors and depictions across the 94 sites , 50 of them underground . The aboveground works were drawn largely in red , a color associated with life , and tend to face to the south and west , away from the Appalachian Mountains . Why geologist tasted 2.6 billion year-old water "  That 's looking into some of the most dramatic parts of the sky , especially in the spring and summer months , " Simek said . "  And we know their relationship was such that they paid attention to celestial phenomena , but they also believed in a universe that was layered . " Some of the images suggest an "  upper world , " where forces of the weather and mythic representations of the sun and stars influenced human life . Those tended to be at higher elevations . Nearer the surface , "  middle world " imagery featured people , animals and plants . New insight into ancient Americans "  Very often some of the humans that are depicted outside of caves are doing otherworldly kinds of things , " he said . "  Very often , their hands and feet are extended , and they have very elongated digits , as if they 're reaching out of the rock or into the rock . " Many Native Americans believed boundaries between the spirit world and the natural were permeable , and things like rocks , trees and water sources -- including caves -- "  were places those boundaries could be crossed . " Down in the caves , however , the paintings were "  characterized by darkness and danger , and was associated with death , transformation and renewal , " scientists wrote . "  The art sites , predominantly found in caves , feature otherworldly characters , supernatural serpents and dogs that accompanied dead humans on the path of souls , " they wrote . The images are largely painted in black , a color associated with death . "  There 's a small cave in the middle part of Tennessee , a very small cave that contains over 400 engraved images that are extraordinary , " Simek told CNN . "  Some of them are tiny -- so small that if you did n't know how to look for them , you would never find them . " Some of the images feature birds a half centimeter  1/5 of an inch  long , Simek said -- yet when you look closely , "  You can see the wing feathers on them . " The findings were published this week in the British-based scientific journal Antiquity . See also : Oil spill threatens Native American land	Paintings and carvings stretch across Tennessee 's Cumberland Plateau One of them dates back 6,000 years , University of Tennessee researcher says The images may be a composition of "  enormous scale , " he says They reflect a three-tiered view of the world by the Native Americans of the Southeast
When New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg appeared at a news conference Wednesday without Lydia Callis at his side , fans of the sign-language interpreter immediately expressed their disappointment via Twitter . "  Wait , where is Lydia Callis ????  aka our favorite sign language interpreter  " @abbygardner tweeted . "  Watching Bloomberg 's latest briefing . So sad Lydia Callis is not the sign language interpreter #Sandy " tweeted @kyledoyle . "  Damn they change the #signlanguagelady ... WE WANT LYDIA CALLIS BACK !!!! " @JoeyStugotz6 posted . Callis , 30 , became an Internet sensation just three days earlier because of the dramatic facial expressions and body language she used to translate Bloomberg 's dire warnings about the dangers coming with Superstorm Sandy . Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart , during Wednesday night 's "  Daily Show , " said Callis 's "  expressive sign-language interpreting turned disaster press briefings into an Alvin Ailey sign-language recital . " "  If you 're in your home or somewhere safe where you can remain , stay there , " Bloomberg said . "  The time for relocation or evacuation is over . Conditions outside are dangerous , and they 're only going to get worse in the hours ahead . " New York after Sandy : A tale of two cities When the mayor talked about falling trees , high winds , heavy rain and rising waters , Callis made sure her face , hands and body conveyed the urgency to those who could not hear . A falling tree took both arms to convey . One arm was the ground , and the other was the tree . When Bloomberg warned "  It is dangerous , " viewers could see the danger on Callis ' face . As the mayor scolded two New Yorkers who had been arrested trying to surf the rolling waves of New York Harbor , calling it "  just an outrage , " the outrage was clear in her expression . Several Tumblr accounts immediately appeared paying tribute to images of Callis signing for Bloomberg . Twitter postings of amazement erupted . Newspaper stories and online blogs soon followed . New York magazine said Callis gave the city "  a legitimate reason to smile " even as the storm loomed . "  The sign interpreter next to Bloomberg is basically his human emoticon set , " @xeni tweeted Monday . The mayor 's news conferences became must-see TV for her new fans . But Callis herself was staying out of the spotlight , apparently giving just one interview to DNAinfo.com reporter Jill Colvin , who tracked her down at the New York emergency management headquarters in Brooklyn on Wednesday . "  As you can see from when I 'm interpreting , you see the tree falling , you see the building , you see the crane moving around , " Callis told Colvin . "  Because I need to have those pictures for the deaf people that need ASL , " or American Sign Language . Engineers : Dangling crane tied securely to NYC building Her dramatic expressions , gestures and body language are needed to communicate the urgent message , she said . "  Hearing people tend to not understand that deaf people need those facial expressions , " Callis said . The body language replaces the intonation others hear in a voice , she said . "  If I stand up there with a straight face and just interpret it , they 're not getting half the message . " Callis said she tries to translate Bloomberg 's emotions . "  When a reporter asks a sarcastic question , you can see it in my face , " she said . "  I 'm like , ` Really -- did you just ask that ? ' Because that 's how the mayor is reacting in the tone of his voice . But I 'm doing it on my face . " She told Colvin that she began signing as a child for her deaf mother and three siblings . But Wednesday afternoon , Callis was gone , replaced by another woman whom Bloomberg introduced at his news conference as Pat Mitchell . She did not return for Thursday 's briefing . "  Lydia Callis has been replaced ! Feel bad for this woman signing now . Like trying to freestyle after JayZ has just performed , " tweeted @janvijhaveri . "  Bloomberg 's new signer does her job fine , but she does n't have panache of Lydia Callis , who signed with a New York accent . Bring her back ! " posted @MahaRafiAtal . "  Awww what happened ? Bloomberg did n't like all the shine Lydia Callis was getting ? Or did they just finally give her a break ? " @DeePhunk wrote . The mayor 's office , obviously with bigger matters to address , did not respond to CNN calls or e-mails about Callis and her replacement . Callis has remained mostly silent , not jumping into the New York media circus -- yet . Silence is a job requirement , according to Kim Kurz , who chairs the American Sign Language & Interpreting Education department at the National Technical Institute for the Deaf . Callis earned a degree in American Sign Language from that school , which is part of the Rochester Institute of Technology , before moving to New York City last year , a school spokesman said . "  We are honored to see Lydia 's skills recognized in this situation and send her our best wishes for continued success in her profession , " Gerard Buckley , the school 's president , said in an e-mail to CNN .	New York 's mayor appeared with a different sign-language interpreter Wednesday "  WE WANT LYDIA CALLIS BACK !!!! " a fan tweeted after Callis was replaced Her dramatic expressions and body language made her a hit on the Internet Callis remains mostly silent , not jumping into the New York media circus -- yet
Washington  CNN  -- A massive offshore wind farm planned for Cape Cod that has generated fierce political and legal controversy has cleared all federal and state regulatory hurdles . The Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday the Cape Wind project , the first of its kind in the United States , would not interfere with air traffic navigation and could proceed with certain conditions . Previous agency approvals were challenged in court , including a ruling last year that forced the latest FAA safety evaluation . A leading opposition group said another legal challenge was possible . The Obama administration first approved the power generating project , which has now been on the books for more than a decade , in April 2010 despite opposition from residents . Opponents over the years have included the late Sen. Edward Kennedy , a Democrat of Massachusetts whose family compound is in Hyannis Port . 125 years of wind power Critics claim the wind farm with its 130 turbines would threaten wildlife and aesthetics of Nantucket Sound . Some local residents also fear it will drive down property values . The administration has pushed a "  green energy " agenda nationally as a way to create jobs and lessen U.S. dependence on oil imports . That effort , however , has been sharply criticized by congressional Republicans who have said certain high-profile projects are politically driven . They also have skewered certain Energy Department programs that extended millions in taxpayer loans and other aid to alternative energy companies or projects that faltered or did not meet expectations . The Republican-led House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is investigating the political assertions around Cape Wind as part of a broader review of "  green energy " projects supported by the administration . The panel 's chairman , California 's Darrell Issa , wrote President Barack Obama last week saying that White House interest in the Massachusetts project is "  well known " and that the FAA had been under political pressure to approve it . Candidates spar over energy future A group opposing the project , the Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound , also said in a statement to CNN that the FAA disregarded safety and asserted the decision was politically driven . However , the FAA said that it restudied the issue and approval was based solely on safety considerations . A key condition imposed by regulators will require Cape Wind developers to put lights on each of the 440-foot turbines and use specific paint colors to increase visibility for pilots . Cape Wind is being built by private developer Energy Management Inc. , a Massachusetts-based energy company . Developers estimate the project will create 600 to 1,000 jobs during construction and 150 full time jobs once complete . "  This FAA approval allows Cape Wind to move forward and jump-start the new American industry in offshore wind power that will help light up the East Coast , " Cape Wind spokesman Mark Rogers told CNN . The Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound said it would continue to fight Cape Wind . "  No pilot or passenger should allow this politically driven decision to stand . This decision can once again be appealed , " the Alliance said . If financing can be finalized and Cape Wind is eventually built , the Interior Department 's lease will allow it to operate for 25 years , which is the average lifespan of a wind farm .	Federal Aviation Administration says the planned project off Cape Cod is safe for air traffic Republican congressional committee chairman says the agency was under political pressure Residents have mounted fierce opposition to wind farm , saying it would threaten wildlife The FAA says its decision to approve the project was based solely on safety
CNN  -- On June 30 , in the streets of Alexandria , I watched crowds stream down Abu Qir street , one of the city 's main roads , chanting : "  The Police ! The People ! Are One Hand ! " Officers posed for photos , waved Egyptian flags from pickup trucks jammed with anti-Morsy protesters and roared up Alexandria 's wide boulevards on their motorcycles to cheers and waves . Some in the crowd refused to join in , but this was , just the same , a sight I never imagined I would see , after over two years of sit-ins in which the police had been the protesters ' clear enemy . From the beginnins of Egypt 's uprising , in January 2011 , the overhaul of Egypt 's police forces , known for torturing detainees and brutally dispersing peaceful demonstrations , was a key demand of protesters . But not even the most rudimentary reforms have taken place since then . Neither the Supreme Council of Armed Forces , which governed Egypt during the transitional period , nor Mohamed Morsy during his year as president made any attempt whatsoever to take on police brutality and torture . The army itself was responsible for similar abuses during the transitional period . Police officers have yet to be held accountable for excessive use of force over the past two and a half years . Police killed at least 846 protestors in January 2011 . But of 38 officers sent to trial for the killings , only two have been sentenced and jailed . Now Egypt has once again descended into spasms of violence . Over the last two weeks in Alexandria and Cairo , armed Muslim Brotherhood supporters have fired automatic weapons on anti-Morsy protesters who are armed with rocks and Molotov cocktails while police and army have stood and watched . Neighborhood protection groups in both cities have engaged in hours-long combat with armed Morsy supporters who marched through their communities damaging property and harassing passersby . In the grim corridors of Cairo 's public hospitals and the dusty courtyard of the city 's morgue , grieving relatives and friends described watching army and police officers use deadly force against demonstrators in front of the Republican Guard headquarters , where the deposed president was allegedly being held . Fifty-one people were killed on the morning of July 8 . The pattern that emerges is this : In every instance , police and sometimes army troops have acted in a partisan fashion , using what appears to be largely unwarranted force against mostly unarmed Brotherhood supporters at sit-ins , yet doing little to intervene when opposing camps clash violently . A group of outraged women in Manial , a leafy island in the Nile , told me how during a 10-hour street battle they repeatedly called police , the army -- anyone who could possibly offer protection -- while their sons and husbands fought Brotherhood supporters with paving stones and Molotovs . Ahmed , a 27-year-old wearing jeans still spattered with blood from the night before , told me : "  The Brotherhood came in aggressively , hitting people , cars and shops so that no one would get in their way . " They entered the neighborhood around 8 p.m. , he said , but police only arrived at midnight , stayed for about half an hour , then retreated , though the fighting continued until 6 a.m. From his Alexandria hospital bed , Salah Haggag , an independent video journalist , showed me footage in which he followed a high-ranking police general around the Sidi Gaber train station as machine gun fire from Brotherhood supporters echoed outside , asking the commander to do his job , to call in reinforcements . The general waved him aside while talking frantically on his mobile phone . The police appeared to arrive , then left a few minutes later . Haggag 's video footage ends when Brotherhood supporters shoot him in the leg . On the morning of July 8 I passed through Tahrir Square where the organizers of Tamarod , who mobilized the initial protests on June 30 that brought millions into the streets , had called for a sit-in . I saw police officers handing out juice boxes and snacks to passersby alongside a vehicle emblazoned with the slogan , "  The People 's Police . " I arrived at the Republican Guard Headquarters a short while later to find the sting of tear gas still in the air and the sound of sporadic gunfire . Witnesses said that the army and Central Security Force  riot police  officers had opened fire on the crowd after trying to break up their sit-in . While some of the protesters had guns , witnesses said , and three security officers died , the protesters for the most part responded with rocks and Molotov cocktails . With 51 protesters dead and more than 400 injured , it was among the deadliest days of security force violence since Hosni Mubarak stepped down . Calls to hold the Brotherhood to account are at a fever pitch , and the military-installed government has issued arrest warrants for more than 300 Brotherhood members . But there is little appetite among Egypt 's transitional authorities for the essential task of investigating the police or the military for deaths they have caused , or for the badly needed reforms in the security sector . As foreign governments wring their hands , private citizens across the political spectrum are arming up , to dangerous effect , and people are dying again in Egypt 's streets and squares . Those governments need to use what leverage they have to push urgently for credible impartial investigations and accountability for crimes by all parties , police and army as well as protesters . Such steps are the only way to pull Egypt back from the brink , and to rebuild trust in its battered and discredited state institutions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Priyanka Motaparthy .	Priyanka Motaparthy saw ebullient Egyptians , in solidarity with police , in streets June 30 She says police have not reformed brutal ways of pre-2011 protests ; they remain She says police aim violence at Brotherhood backers , do n't intervene in protest conflicts Motaparthy : People dying in Egypt 's streets ; world must hold attackers accountable
CNN  German police overnight thwarted a terrorist plot by a radicalized couple , a plan they suspect involved bombing a bicycle race near Frankfurt , a German terrorism researcher briefed by investigators told CNN on Thursday . German prosecutors and police said that a man and a woman had been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack , but the authorities did not explicitly reveal the target . The suspected target , according to Florian Flade , the terrorism researcher , was a race planned for Friday . The race loops around Eshborn and Frankfurt on May Day each year , attracting large crowds of spectators along the cycle route . Prosecutor Albrecht Schreiber said police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used , 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition , a gun , the essential parts of a G-3 assault rifle and 3 liters of hydrogen peroxide , which becomes explosive at high concentrations and has been used in multiple terror plots in the West , including the 2005 London bombings . Earlier Thursday , Andreas Hemmes , a spokesman for the police of West Hesse , told CNN that the house and car of two individuals in Oberursel , in the forested hills west of Frankfurt , had been searched . As a result of what had been found , police had expanded their search along the L3004 road on the bike race route , Hemmes said . "  We suspect that there was a Salafist background , " said Peter Beuth , the interior minister for Hesse , referring to ultra-fundamentalist interpretations of Islam . "  Police investigations at this stage indicate that we have thwarted an Islamist attack . " Flade , a journalist at Die Welt and terrorism researcher who first broke the story of the police raids , told CNN that a German couple of Turkish descent -- Halil and Senay D. -- were under arrest . He said the couple had ties to radical Islamist circles in the Frankfurt area . Neither is suspected of having direct links to the leadership of a terrorist group . Last week German police observed Halil D. moving in and out of a small forest near where he was living . They suspect he was looking for a good place to hide a bomb along the bike race route , according to Flade . Flade said that according to German police documents , German police first became aware of the couple at the end of March when they went to a garden center near Frankfurt to purchase hydrogen peroxide . He said the store employee contacted police after becoming suspicious for several reasons . The first was that the woman was covered in a full veil . The second was that the couple claimed they wanted to buy hydrogen peroxide to clean their fish pond in their garden , but the amount they were ordering would have been enough to clean dozens of such ponds . Furthermore , after police thwarted a bomb plot by German extremists trained in the tribal areas of Pakistan to kill American servicemen in Germany in September 2007 with hydrogen peroxide-based bombs -- the so-called "  Sauerland " plot -- German law had required such stores to report to police significant purchases of hydrogen peroxide . According to Flade , after the tipoff , German investigators began trying to figure out who the couple were . All they had to go on was the surveillance footage . The woman was fully veiled and her male companion was blurry in the tape , so they did not immediately know who they were . But in early to mid-April they were able to identify them and start surveillance to investigate the couple 's radical ties . According to Flade , German police established that the couple had recently traveled to Spain , where they met with members of Sharia4Spain , a radical pro-jihadist group linked to Al Muhajiroun in the United Kingdom . Spanish police had monitored the meeting in Spain . They also established that the couple had links to radicals who had gone to fight with AQIM , al Qaeda 's North African affiliate And they found the couple were in contact with a young radical Islamist from Frankfurt who had gone to fight in Syria at the end of last year and was recently killed . The pipe bomb that was recovered by police appears to have similarities to devices built by Boston Marathon bombers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Flade said the device recovered near Frankfurt included nails as shrapnel . The Boston bombers downloaded instructions from a recipe in Inspire magazine , an online Engish language magazine put out by al Qaeda in Yemen , which has also been translated into German and other languages . In August 2013 , the British security agency MI5 revealed to Parliament 's intelligence and security committee that Inspire has been "  read by those involved in at least seven out of the 10 attacks planned within the UK since its first issue  in 2010  . We judge that it significantly enhanced the capability of individuals in four of these 10 attack plots . " Like other European countries , Germany is grappling with an unprecedented terrorist threat because of the high number of its citizens who have traveled to Syria and Iraq . In recent years there has been growing concern over radicalization in Germany 's large Turkish diaspora community . Travel to Syria is particularly easy for individuals of Turkish descent because Turkey is the entry point for most foreign fighters traveling to Syria . According to Flade , almost 700 Germans are believed to have traveled to Syria and Iraq , with up to 90 % joining ISIS . One-third of these have returned to Germany and 70 to 80 have been killed in the fighting in Syria and Iraq . There has only been one fatal terrorist attack in Germany since 9/11 -- the shooting death of two U.S. airmen outside Frankfurt Airport by a lone-wolf radicalized Islamist in March 2011 . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	German police say they think they "  have thwarted an Islamist attack , " interior minister for Hesse state says German terrorism researcher : Couple accused of planning bomb attack on bicycle race near Frankfurt
CNN  -- Who among us has n't fantasized about flying like a bird ? We 've created hot air balloons , planes and spacecraft to replicate what birds can already do naturally . CNN recently invited readers to share their best photos of birds in action . The National Audubon Society helped identify the bird species in the above gallery . "  Their ability to fly is a work of art in itself , " said birdwatcher Michele Hancock , who is always on the lookout for unusual avian species to photograph . Doug Whidby enjoys photographing birds near his home in Langley , Washington , and says they are the perfect subjects . "  Their ability to fly is always a point of curiosity , and the details in their markings are stunning if you can capture them . " Scroll through the gallery and imagine yourself soaring through the sky . And yes , we know not all of these birds are flying , but they are too beautiful not to share . 10 things we did n't know about lighthouses 20 stunning cliffside beaches	Is there anything more majestic than a bird in flight ? CNN iReporters shared their best photos of feathered friends in action "  Their ability to fly is a work of art , " one iReporter said
CNN  -- An 11-year-old Christian girl has been arrested after being accused of blasphemy by burning pages of the Quran in Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . According to a statement released by the president 's office Sunday , the girl , identified as Ramsha , was accused by a local resident of burning pages of the Muslim holy text after she gathered paper as fuel for cooking . Local media reports said the girl has Down syndrome . CNN was unable to confirm these reports , and a local police official said they are not true . Qasim Niazi , the police officer in charge of the station near where the incident took place , said the girl does not have a mental disorder but is illiterate and has not attended school . The accused girl had told him she had no idea there were pages of the Quran inside the documents she burned , he added . Niazi said that 150 people had gathered on Friday where the neighborhood 's Christian population lives and threatened to burn down their houses . "  The mob wanted to burn the girl to give her a lesson , " he told CNN . Other Christian families living in the area have fled fearing a backlash , he added . Petition : Free Pakistani Christian woman set for execution The statement from President Asif Ali Zardari said he has called for an urgent report on the incident and added that vulnerable sections of society must be protected "  from any misuse of the blasphemy law . " "  Blasphemy by anyone can not be condoned but no one will be allowed to misuse blasphemy law for settling personal scores , " said the president 's spokesman , Farhatullah Babar . Critics of the controversial law say it is being used to persecute religious minorities . Politician and former international cricketer Imran Khan tweeted : "  Shameful ! Sending an 11yr old girl to prison is against the very spirit of Islam which is all about being Just and Compassionate . "  Poor child is already suffering from Down Syndrome . State should care for its children not torment them . We demand her immed release , " said Khan , who now leads the political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf . The legislation makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam , the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed . Pakistan is home to about 2 million Christians , who make up more than 1 % of Islamic nation 's population , according to government statistics . Pakistan : ` Honor ' murderer boasts of triple killing CNN 's Reza Sayah in Islamabad contributed to this report .	A girl , 11 , is arrested for allegedly burning pages of a Quran Media reports say the girl has Down syndrome , but a police official denies it Fearing a backlash , local Christian families have fled The president says the blasphemy law must not be misused
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- South African police and military units raided three hostels Thursday in a clampdown on xenophobic attacks that have left more than 40 dead , authorities said . Twenty-eight people were arrested in the "  extremely successful " first joint operation , according to a statement from the South African police and South African National Defence Force . The statement said 150 kilograms  330.6 pounds  of marijuana was seized along with firearms , ammunition and suspected stolen property . Two of the hostels raided were in Jeppe and the third was in Cleveland , all in the Johannesburg area . South African President Thabo Mbeki approved the deployment of the army Wednesday to help stop the attacks , which have drawn condemnation from South African officials and other African leaders . Police said 42 people have been killed in the violence , which began last week in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township and has been concentrated in the city 's poorest areas . Some 28,000 people have been displaced by the violence , Hangwani Malaudzi , a spokesman for the Ministry of Safety and Security said . And more than 400 have been arrested for crimes ranging from murder , to causing a public disturbance , he said . The country has also seen a disturbing throwback to the 1980s apartheid-era lynching tactic of "  necklacing , " which was widely used in the townships at the time . Used on suspected informants , the "  necklace " is a car tire , filled with petrol , put around the person 's neck and set alight . The victims are mainly immigrants and refugees from other parts of Africa , including Zimbabwe , where a devastated economy has sent at least two million people across the border in search of a better life . Some say the attacks stem from a long-standing feeling among locals that the number of immigrants in South Africa results in shortages of jobs and essential needs . Inadequate housing , a lack of running water and electricity , the rising prices of food , and escalating crime -- nearly 20,000 people were slain in South Africa last year -- add to the resentment . Watch analysis of reasons behind xenophobic attacks " South Africa 's army has been patrolling riot-hit townships to restore calm as the country counts the cost of the xenophobic attacks . Brigadier General Kwena Mangope of the South African Department of Defense said troops were assisting the South African Police Service , the national police . "  We are in a supporting role , " Mangope said . "  We are not taking over the operation . " He said the army was providing troops and equipment , such as helicopters and tents . The deployment of the military and the continued operations of the police service helped quell the violence , Malaudzi said . Community groups , churches , and communication between police and affected communities also helped the situation , he said . "  The message is going out there to say we condemn this kind of action , and  to  those that are involved in instigating this violence , the law is going to come down on them very , very seriously , " Malaudzi said . According to South Africa 's latest census , the country has about 45 million people . The South African Department of Human Affairs estimates that more than 4 million people reside in South Africa illegally , but that figure is based on a 10-year-old study and some feel the number of immigrants in South Africa is much higher . Some say that millions have recently fled to South Africa from Zimbabwe because of violence there since the county 's stalled election . A presidential run-off between long-time leader President Robert Mugabe and his opposition challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai , is scheduled for June 27 in Zimbabwe -- three months after the initial vote . Zimbabwe also is in the midst of an economic collapse , with nearly 80 percent unemployment .	Army patrol street to restore calm after violence targeting foreigners flared NEW : Police , military in first joint operation raid three hostels Attacks have been concentrated in Johannesburg 's poorest areas Zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps
CNN  -- Andy Johns , the engineer and producer who worked on albums by Led Zeppelin , the Rolling Stones , Television and Van Halen , has died , according to guitarist Stacey Blades , who was collaborating on a project with him . Johns , who died Sunday , was 61 . Blades noted that Johns had entered the hospital about 10 days ago . "  Andy 's health was n't all that great over the last six months or so , but he was still Andy , " he told CNN . "  When I got the call yesterday I was shocked . " Johns , the younger brother of famed producer Glyn Johns , was the engineer for most of Led Zeppelin 's output , including "  Led Zeppelin II , " "  Led Zeppelin IV , " "  Houses of the Holy " and "  Physical Graffiti . " He was known for his skill at recording a range of guitar sounds and , especially , John Bonham 's room-shaking drums . He also had a hand in the Rolling Stones ' "  Sticky Fingers , " "  Exile on Main Street " and "  Goats Head Soup , " Van Halen 's "  For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge "  which he produced  and two albums by guitarist Joe Satriani . "  Lovely guy -- patient , skilled , funny , encouraging , sharp ... all the qualities you want in someone who is getting your music on to tape , " wrote Queen 's Brian May on his website . Queen recorded at London 's Olympic Studios , where Johns also worked . "  1 of the great engineer/producers of our time , " tweeted guitarist Slash . Johns also co-produced New York punk band Television 's seminal "  Marquee Moon , " though the result was n't quite what the band was looking for . Johns went for a booming drum sound with the sharper-edged New Yorkers , but it did n't fit , Television 's Richard Lloyd told CNN in 2003 . "  If the drums were that big , it would n't be us , " Lloyd said . Johns did , however , grab Television 's wiry , entangled guitar sound -- which Lloyd described as "  two gears in a clock " -- perfectly . The album , like many of Johns ' recordings , has since become a classic . Johns ' more recent recordings included albums by the Steve Miller Band , Chickenfoot and Sabyrtooth . Blades , a former member of L.A. Guns , called Johns "  amazing . " "  It was just amazing to watch him work , and how he would place mics in the recording room , and his ideas while you 're tracking . I learned a lot from him , he was inspiring and taught me so much about sound and thinking outside of the box , " he said . "  You always took his suggestions , because how can you argue with a guy who produced the Stones ? " Blades and other musicians who have worked with Johns are organizing a memorial concert for him next month . The producer and engineer leaves behind a wife and two children . "  Andy will be sorely missed , " said Blades . "  He was a good friend , a great producer , and a great guy . The industry will definitely mourn his loss . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Andy Johns was engineer on several classic albums He worked on Led Zeppelin 's "  Led Zeppelin IV , " Rolling Stones ' "  Exile on Main Street " "  1 of the great engineer/producers of our time , " tweeted Slash
Your Facebook "  likes " might be revealing more than you know about your private life . It is possible to predict potentially private traits such as a person 's sexual orientation , political leanings , religion , intelligence , emotional stability and even if they abuse drugs or alcohol , just by analyzing their Facebook likes , according to a new study out of the University of Cambridge . Liking something on Facebook is a simple , almost mindless way to pass time on the social networking site , which says it has more than a billion users worldwide . With one click , people can "  like " pages -- for brands , public figures , memes , music and groups -- as well as articles , photos or status updates from their friends . But that quick action can be a powerful statement . "  Facebook likes have a meaning that we can use to understand the psychology behind what people do , " says David Stillwell , a co-author of the study . Researchers looked at the Facebook profiles and likes , along with surveys and personality tests , for 58,466 individuals . Using that data , they developed a model that predicts personal attributes from Facebook likes with impressive accuracy . It has the best luck categorizing people as Caucasian or African-American  95 % accuracy  , followed by gender , male sexuality , Democratic or Republican leanings , and detecting Christians and Muslims . One of more unusual categories was whether a person 's parents had split before they turned 21 , which had a relatively low 60 % level of accuracy  still high enough to benefit advertisers , noted the researchers  . These people were more more likely to like statements about relationships , such as "  If I 'm with you then I 'm with you . I do n't want anybody else , " and "  I 'm sorry I love you . " "  It gives us a poignant insight into the effects that parental breakup has on children even after they grow up , " says Stillwell . The likes themselves are a combination of obvious and baffling . Liking "  Kathy Griffin , " "  Juicy Couture , " or the musical "  Wicked " were found to be strong indicators that a man was gay , while liking sports-related topics , "  Bruce Lee " and "  Being Confused After Waking Up From Naps " were more popular with straight men , according to the the study . A person 's Facebook likes can also be used to predict intelligence , say the researchers . Liking "  The Daily Show , " "  science , " "  Morgan Freeman 's Voice " and the mysterious "  Curly Fries " indicates someone is highly intelligent . Lower intelligence was suggested by likes for "  Clark Griswold , " "  Harley-Davidson " and "  Bret Michaels , " according to the study . Likes for "  beerpong , " "  Chris Tucker " and "  cheerleading " were strong predictors of an extrovert while "  role playing games , " "  Anime " and "  Voltaire " pointed to introverted personality types . "  Kurt Donald Cobain " and "  Vampires Everywhere " indicated neurotic personalities , "  Wes Anderson " and "  serial killer " were liked by spontaneous people , and competitive types liked "  Sun Tzu " and "  I hate everyone . " Researchers are opening up the tool to everyone so they can get a peek at their own personal results . People can check out what their Facebook likes say about them by visiting YouAreWhatYouLike.com and logging in with their Facebook profile . The site does an instant personality test and rates how open , stable , agreeable , extroverted and conscientious a person is . While the data is analyzed by researchers to improve the overall test , any personal information is stripped out . Do n't try judging friends based on individual likes , however . Researchers looked at all of a person 's likes to make their predictions , and even then the tool is n't perfect . "  It 's like meeting someone for a blind date : If you just ask one question then you ca n't make an accurate judgment about them . But once you 've had an hour-long conversation about their favorite hobbies , interests , brands , and celebrities , then you can start to have some confidence in who they are , " says Stillwell . The more likes a person has made , the easier it is to accurately predict these larger nuggets of information about their personalities . Profiles used in this study had anywhere from one to 500 likes on the social network , though the average number of things people liked was 170 . The data was collected by a site called myPersonality , which turns serious data gathering for academic research purposes into fun quizzes . A similar MIT experiment in 2009 predicted whether people were gay based on who they had friended on Facebook . At the time , the concept of deducting potentially private information about someone was more shocking . These days , it 's becoming more common and expected . Stillwell says companies are already using these kinds of machine-learning models to make connections , though the companies may not know that they 're measuring IQ or extroversion . Companies like Google and Facebook decide what ads to show people by using scraps of information they gather as users go about their regular browsing and clicking routines . Amazon recommends products by looking at a customer 's Amazon browsing history and past purchases . The next step is connecting all the dots and gathering clues about a person to create a more complete picture of who they are . There are potential positive benefits , such as custom recommendations for movies and restaurants based on your location and what you 've enjoyed in the past , or ads that only pitch products you might actually want to buy . But there is also a loss of privacy when data is collected about people without their permission . Gleaning potentially sensitive information about someone that is n't explicitly shared , such as sexual orientation or drug use , could be abused by companies as well as governments and potential employers . "  My biggest concern is that people do not realize what is possible , so they think that frivolous behaviors such as liking something can not possibly say anything important about them , " says Stillwell .	New study uses Facebook likes to predict private personality traits such as sexuality The technology could be used for more customized online services in the future But there is also great potential to abuse this kind of information
CNN  -- The health care bill 's passage has struck such an emotional chord that more than 10,000 people have posted comments and sometimes deeply personal stories about it on CNN.com . Under the bill , which President Obama is expected to sign Tuesday at the earliest , most Americans will now be required to have health insurance or pay a fine . Larger employers will be required to provide coverage or risk financial penalties . Total individual out-of-pocket expenses will be capped , and insurers will be barred from denying coverage based on gender or pre-existing conditions . Democrat Alison Victoria , who was a financial manager at a hospital for 15 years , supported the bill . As it 's written , the bill "  is n't perfect , and it 's not everything I wanted , but it will save lives , " Victoria said in an iReport video . "  Doctors , nurses and financial officers see a part of our health care system that many Americans do n't , if they 're lucky , " she said . "  We have seen benefits denied based on false allegations that the treatment is not medically necessary . We have seen families and whole small businesses dropped from insurance coverage because one person on the plan got sick . We have seen people unable to find insurance because of a pre-existing condition , " she said , likening the bill to a form of "  justice " promised in the Constitution . See complete coverage of the health care bill Another reader used sarcasm to suggest that people will find a way around paying premiums . "  This is cool . I 'm just going to drop my insurance now , pay the $ 700 yearly fine , and then pickup insurance when I get sick since insurance companies ca n't deny me , " he wrote on the Sound Off section of a CNN.com news story published after the bill passed . "  I 'll save a bundle of money every year . " "  I suspect this is what most ` smart ' Americans will do , " he continued . "  And then guess what ? Insurance companies will collapse because they 'll have no pool of money to pay for the claims that start coming in , and we 'll be in a world of hurt again . " What will health care reform mean to you ? Many people who responded to CNN 's coverage said they were happy the bill passed simply because the current system was not working . Government-backed health care is "  the best compromise possible , " Egberto Willies said . He 's relieved that his wife , who has lupus , and his daughter , a pre-med student , wo n't have to worry about health care as much under the new bill , he said . "  America has joined the civilized world , " he said in his iReport video . iReporter Cameron Harrelson , however , said he is afraid that his generation will end up paying for the bill . "  We 're going to have to endure it the longest , " the 15-year-old from Georgia said . Cliff Olney 's daughter was born premature , and he 's had to spend more than two decades caring for her with Medicaid , the U.S. health program funded by state and federal governments available to low-income people or people with disabilities . "  After 22 years of fighting health insurance companies , me and my daughter have vindication , " he told iReport . But he also thinks the fight is far from over . "  You know what 's going to happen now ... the insurance companies will begin to cut people who are sick as quickly as they can before the window of opportunity is over ... they 'll also increase premiums as the banks did after legislation was passed for credit card reform . " Michael Ingram , of Milford , Pennsylvania , says he 's in good health and feels like he does n't need health insurance . As a Navy veteran , he goes to a Veterans Affairs hospital when he 's ill , he said . "  Forcing me to take a health care package that I may not need is dictatorial and not in keeping with the spirit or a free nation , " Ingram wrote in his iReport . He said he 's written to his representatives about the bill and said both parties are a "  sham . " He plans to refuse to buy a health care plan . "  I hope that everyone can give this -LSB- health care bill -RSB- a chance , " wrote one CNN.com reader who identified herself as a 27-year-old recent college graduate who is working full time for a law firm and has health insurance through her job . Two years ago , she was diagnosed with two debilitating diseases that require chemotherapy twice a week and 19 prescription drugs at a cost of $ 660 a month after insurance , she said . She and her husband , who does n't have health insurance because it would cost $ 1,000 extra to add him to her plan , feel like they can barely keep their heads above water . "  The hardest thing for me , is that I know he has medical issues that go unattended because we simply ca n't afford it , " she wrote . "  We truly are a family that is one major illness away from financial disaster . So I hope this bill will help our situation , and the situations of people much less fortunate than ourselves . "	Former hospital financial manager says bill "  is n't perfect ... but it will save lives " Navy vet who uses VA system says it would be unfair to force him to pay for health care Recent college graduate who 's on chemotherapy hopes "  this bill will help our situation " Others worry about cost , potential to cheat system
Facebook is helping to roll out a pilot online education program in Rwanda , as part of its pitch to bring internet to the unconnected world . Dubbed SocialEDU , the new initiative was revealed at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Monday and comes the same day as the social media giant 's founder Mark Zuckerberg gives a keynote speech at the event . As part of the SocialEDU pilot program , EdX will work with Facebook to create an educational app to provide localized education . This Facebook integrated app is being released under the umbrella of Internet.org , the partnership between Facebook and mobile companies to bring internet to those without access . The deal , which will initially be offered to university students , has been done in partnership with telecommunications giant Airtel , which is providing free educational data for a year to those who sign up and Nokia , which is offering discounted smartphones to those participating . The Rwanda government is also set to expand its free wifi in campuses and will adapt edX course materials locally . SocialEDU students will receive access to education from universities such as Harvard , MIT , Berkeley and others . The program allows users to interact with each other and with teachers . Facebook 's Chris Weasler , director of global connectivity , said the partnerships were able to "  create a new type of educational experience that 's affordable and social . " It is hoped the pilot , if successful , will be expanded beyond Rwanda . The deal is revealed as focus at the huge mobile trade fair turns to Zuckerberg , who is making his first appearance at the event and is due to take the stage at 1800 CET/1300 ET . The famously reticent speaker 's appearance at the congress is being seen as a signal Facebook is set to put mobile first -- as witnessed by the $ 19 billion purchase of WhatsApp , a mobile messaging service , last week . Facebook paid 19 times more for WhatsApp than it did for Instagram , despite the app 's low profile in the United States . Zuckerberg said WhatsApp would continue to operate independently of Facebook , saying at the time : "  The product roadmap will remain unchanged and the team is going to stay in Mountain View , " the suburban California city where it 's based . Days after the deal , WhatsApp suffered an outage , going down for more than three hours on Saturday . On Monday Zuckerberg is expected to face embarrassing questions over the glitch .	Facebook is helping roll out a pilot online education program in Rwanda , under the Internet.org umbrella The SocialEDU program , called edX , will be a mobile app integrated into Facebook to provide localized education Announcement comes ahead of Zuckerberg 's Mobile World Congress keynote speech
CNN  -- Philippines Sen. Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announced he will run for president Wednesday , a month after the death of his late mother , the popular former President Corazon Aquino . Philippines Senator Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announce his candidacy in Manila on September 9 . "  I 'm accepting the challenge to lead this fight , " said Noynoy Aquino , the state-run Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported . Aquino , 49 , is the only son of Corazon Aquino , who died on August 1 , and the late Benigno "  Ninoy " Aquino , a senator who opposed dictator Ferdinand Marcos and was assassinated in 1983 on returning home from exile in the United States . Noynoy Aquino said his mother 's supporters had urged him to make a run for the presidency in next May 's elections . He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy in the Philippines . At least one lawmaker was critical of Aquino 's run , PNA said . Rep. Pastor Alcover Jr. said the media has deceived the public by presenting Aquino as the man who can save the country . "  We need a hardworking president , " Alcover said . "  But the problem is , Noynoy has a dismal performance as congressman for nine years and as senator for three years . Do we want more of his laziness ? " President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo 's term ends in 2010 . Under Philippine law , she can not run again . Arroyo first took office in 2001 . Since then , she has survived several impeachment attempts and periodic rumors of coups . She won re-election in 2004 , though opposition parties called into question the legitimacy of that race .	Philippines Sen. Benigno "  Noynoy " Aquino III announces he will run for president He is the only son of former President Corazon Aquino , who died on August 1 He said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo 's term ends in 2010
CNN  -- You do n't often find Jordan splashed across the top of your favorite news site . Big on the grand desert scenery and ancient monuments you 'd expect , but absent from any roll call of travel-warning infamy on government websites , this is a nation that confounds traveler perceptions of the Middle East . Here 's why . 1 . Bedouin culture is at the root of Jordanian hospitality Ahlan wa Sahlan  "  hello and welcome "  follows you wherever you go . For Jordanians , hospitality is part of life , founded in a centuries-old nomadic culture . Visitors who set their itineraries in stone risk missing out on all the spontaneous invitations to sit back and drink endless tiny glasses of tea with locals . 2 . Landscapes are film stars If the scenery gives you dÃ © jÃ vu , that 's because you 've probably seen it before . Jordan is a kingdom of blockbuster countryside that 's graced cinema screens countless times . Petra 's Al-khaznah  The Treasury  monument posed as the home of the Holy Grail in "  Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade . " The high-rise cliffs and blush pink sands of Wadi Rum played themselves in "  Lawrence of Arabia . " At 89,342 square kilometers , Jordan may be relatively small , but its vistas are the stuff of epic silver screen classics . 3 . It 's a regional eco-lodge leader Sustainable travel has a long road to travel in the Middle East , but Jordan is leading the way . The Royal Society for the Conservation of Nature operates ten protected areas in the country with eco-lodge accommodation options . Dana Biosphere Reserve tumbles down the chasm of the Great Rift Valley with Dana Guest House  Dana village , +962 03 227 0497  clinging to a cliff edge from where the sandstone hills of the national park spool out below . At Mujib Biosphere Reserve -- the world 's lowest altitude national park -- you can sleep at Mujib Chalets  Mujib bridge , Dead Sea Highway , +962 079 907 4960  for canyon hiking and the Dead Sea on your doorstep at 416 meters below sea level . Jordan 's most famous national park is Wadi Rum , where you can spend the night amid the silent desert expanse at a simple Bedouin Beit Shar  goat-hair tent  encampment . 4 . Levantine flavors in Amman Amman is Jordan 's capital city , as well as its culinary capital . Lunch lines outside Al-Quds on Rainbow Street indicate the city 's best falafel . You can do coffee with one of Amman 's best views at the Wild Jordan Cafe  Othman bin Affan Street , +962 06 463 3542  , and try Levant 's finest dishes amid the opulence of an old Ottoman mansion at Fakhr El-Din  40 Taha Hussein St. , +962 06 465 2399  . Beit Sitti  16 Muhammad Ali al-Saadi St. , +962 079 563 3868  run classes in Arabic cooking that teach you pro skills for your next Middle Eastern-themed dinner party . 5 . Using the car horn for brakes does n't cut it here Seasoned Middle East travelers will tell you the biggest safety concern in the region is for your hearing . The traffic crush -- and cacophony of car horns -- is a constant stress . Not in Jordan . With a population of only 6.5 million , and plenty of open spaces , Jordanian drivers do n't feel the need to thump out a constant tuneless blast of beeps . 6 . Cultural tours that make a difference In recent years , small local initiatives have begun changing the face of tourism by offering a look into the Jordan beyond the famous ruins . The Zikra Initiative operates a tourism-exchange program in which travelers take part in traditional village activities -- cooking , banana-leaf basket making -- for a small fee that gets funneled into micro-loans to help the village community . Middle East travel specialist Backpacker Concierge operates a number of cultural immersion tours in Jordan . 7 . Ruins everywhere If you want to see megalithic monuments , Jordan wo n't let you down . Jerash is one of the best-preserved Greco-Roman towns in the world . A walk along its long Cardo Maximus from the South Theater to the Temple of Artemis offers an evocative slice of the Classical Age . The Greek , Roman , Byzantine and Arab Empires stamped their hand prints across the countryside . Head north  or east , on the desert castle loop  from the glorious tumble of columns and temples at ancient Umm Qais or Pella , and you 'll find the Umayyad caliphs ' country retreats of Azraq Fort and the UNESCO-listed Qasr Amr . 8 . The Abraham Path Jordan 's Ajloun region has a five-day hiking trail that 's part of the multi-country Abraham Path . The shorter , one-day Ajloun-Orjan village section starts at the Crusader castle of Ajloun , drops in at Mar Elias  said to be the birthplace of the prophet Elijah  and finishes at sleepy Orjan , where homestays are available . 9 . The Middle East 's best road trip Between Madaba and Petra , the King 's Highway winds along the ridge edge of the Great Rift Valley . It 's filled with historic sites and offers some of the country 's most startling views . Moses saw the Promised Land at Mt. Nebo , Salome 's shimmying ended with St. John the Baptist losing his head on Herod 's mountain eyrie of Mukawir , and Reynald of Chatillon was defeated by Salah ud-Din at the Crusader castle of Kerak . About halfway through the trip , a highway turnoff leads to a road that twists and turns down to the Dead Sea where you can float in waters so mineral rich that you ca n't sink . 10 . Petra -- as if we would n't mention it You ca n't mention Jordan without talking about Petra . By the time you get here you 'll have seen its famous Al-Khazneh  The Treasury  and Ed-Deir  The Monastery  monuments hundreds of times , splashed across tourism posters throughout Jordan . For a different take on the Nabataean 's ancient capital , you can get off the main trail to the site and onto the Bedouin back roads . The winding trail up to the cliff ridge of Al-Habees has the best views over the central city ruins . A stone-cut staircase trail snakes up Jabal al-Khubtha for dramatic views of The Treasury from above .	Bedouin culture is at the root of Jordanian hospitality Jordan 's epic scenery has been featured in numerous films Want to see ancient ruins ? Jordan wo n't let you down
CNN  -- When it comes to hotel pools , the indoor variety has long played second fiddle to their outdoor -- often rooftop -- counterparts . But these days , striking décor , luxury amenities and stunning settings mean many indoor swimming holes can now challenge even the most glamorous of outdoor pools . And with seasons in tumultuous transition , indoor pools , which are not prey to weather , offer a little bit of an edge . So go ahead and take a dip at these eight luxurious indoor pools . The Water Club at Borgata , Atlantic City This nongaming hotel , which is part of the large Borgata complex in Atlantic City , has three indoor pools  and two more outdoors  so there 's really no reason for things to get crowded at any of them . A two-lane lap pool is in the two-floor Immersion spa on the 32nd floor and is set against full-length windows that look out to the Atlantic Ocean , the perfect setup for a water workout . A stunning top-floor pool surrounded by lounge chairs , cabanas and lush foliage telegraphs a more exotic tropical scene than the property 's Jersey Shore location . Rooms from $ 149/night . www.theborgata.com And the world 's greatest beach is ... Shangri-La Paris Tucked inside what used to be Napoleon 's grandnephew Roland Bonaparte 's Parisian home , the 15-by-6-meter , light-bathed pool area  which was previously Bonaparte 's stables  extends out to an expansive , plant-lined terrace . All around the pool , which features mosaic tiles inspired to look like Asian carpet , are chic traditional French touches like floral bas relief on the walls and columns surrounding the mezzanine . Rooms from $ 895/night . www.shangri-la.com Altira Macau On the 16th floor of the tallest building on the island of Taipa is the glamorous indoor infinity pool of the impressively massive gaming complex of Altira Macau . It 's easy to see why Forbes once named it one of the best hotel pools in the world : One side faces all of the city with crystal-clear floor-to-ceiling windows . Rooms from $ 235/night . www.altiramacau.com Hot spots in the world 's happiest countries W Verbier , Switzerland W 's first ski property is in the heart of the Swiss Alps in the tony town of Verbier . The pool 's interior vibe is totally in tune with W 's urban aesthetic , with tons of black and leather furnishing that would be right at home at any fabulous pool party . From every corner of the pool , you can look out into the Alps , but if you want a closer vantage point , just swim out into the outdoor area -- the pool is heated -- and breathe in the Alpine air . Rooms from about $ 1,000 / night , double occupancy . www.wverbier.com Tambo del Inka , Peru Tambo del Inka 's wellness space 's mostly wood , stone and glass construction perfectly marries the property to its natural surroundings in Peru 's Sacred Valley . This synergy was the focus of the designers , who used a lot of the local shihuahuaco wood , which grows in the Peruvian rainforest . From the heated pool , you can get glorious views of the Andes , and like W Verbier 's setup , you can swim under the partial wall to go from indoor to outdoor . From $ 455/night . www.libertador.com.pe/en/ Fairmont Le Château Montebello , Quebec Built in 1930 for the exclusive private Seigniory Club  which counts international politicians and business tycoons as its members  , Le Château Montebello 's 75-foot-long pool has a real masculine feel , especially because of its log-architecture foundation . The coffered ceiling here adds visual depth to the overall rustic vibe with just a touch of whimsy : The handpainted wooden ceiling is treated to a motif of sea horses and scorpions . The pool has a diving tower , the surrounding area of which has water depth of 12 feet . Rooms from about $ 175/night . www.fairmont.com The Charles Hotel , Munich One of the largest pools in Munich , at The Charles Hotel , is also one of the most beautiful . The entire spa is outfitted with marble mosaic tiles , mostly in subdued colors punctuated with red flourishes . At the pool itself , a very pretty mosaic of red coral pays homage to 19th century Bavarian royalty , the Wittelsbach family , known for its collection of red coral paraphernalia , from dining cups to jewelry . Rooms from $ 375/night . www.roccofortehotels.com Waldorf Astoria Chicago The spa at this hotel is done mostly in a stark white , which only further emphasizes the gorgeous rose-design tile-work at the bottom of the pool , giving bathers the feel of swimming over a bed of roses . The 102,600 individually patterned tiles come from Bisazza , an Italian company renowned for its mosaic tile production . Rooms from $ 345/night . www.waldorfastoriachicagohotel.com	The Water Club at Borgata in Atlantic City has three indoor pools Views of the Alps make swimming extra-spectacular at the W Verbier in Switzerland The natural surroundings of Peru 's Sacred Valley inspired Tambo del Inka 's indoor pool
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Italian paramilitary police carried out massive arrests Tuesday against the Sicilian mafia in Palermo , "  decapitating " the organization 's leadership structure , the head of the city 's carabinieri said . Members of the caribinieri outside their Palermo HQ Tuesday following raids against Sicilian mafia suspects . More than 1,200 Italian carabinieri , backed by helicopters , took part in the operation and arrested 89 suspects , added Colonel Teo Luzzi , the head of the carabinieri in the regional capital Palermo . The operation began at 3:30 a.m.  9:30 p.m. ET Monday  and was still going on at midmorning . Palermo officials said charges would include association with the mafia , extortion , and arms and drug trafficking . "  Their aim was to reconstitute the Sicilian mafia 's decision-making body , known as the "  commissione , " which was disbanded in the early 1990s following the arrest of the top boss Toto Riina , " Luzzi said . The commissione was the executive body of the mafia , uniting the most powerful bosses of the mafia clans operating in Sicily . It was the commissione that decided to carry out the killings of Italy 's top anti-mafia magistrates in May and July 1992 . The high-profile killings prompted the Italian government to deploy the army in Sicily to fight the mafia , and Toto Riina was arrested in January 2003 . "  Since then the mafia did n't really have a decision making body , " Luzzi said , "  and with these arrests we decapitated the top brass of the Palermo mafia . " Luzzi also said that Sicily 's most wanted Mafioso , Matteo Messina Denaro -- who has been on the run for more than a decade and leads a clan in nearby Trapani in western Sicily -- is not among those arrested . "  But those whom we did apprehend were associated with him and were trying to create a new decision-making body at his request , " Luzzi said . Arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in Tuscany , Luzzi said .	More than 1,200 Italian carabinieri arrest 89 suspects in Palermo , Italy Charges include association with the mafia , extortion , arms and drug trafficking Police : With these arrests we decapitated the top brass of the Palermo mafia Arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in Tuscany
CNN  -- Red Bull have left all other Formula One teams trailing in their wake in recent years , and now it would seem the reigning drivers ' and constructors ' champions are also the quickest in the pit lane . The Malaysian Grand Prix was overshadowed by a Red Bull row which saw Sebastian Vettel ignore team orders , overtake Mark Webber and clinch his first race win of the season . In addition to taking the checkered flag , the Red Bull team say they clocked the quickest pit stop in the history of the sport . Australian Webber 's second stop at the Sepang International Circuit was timed at just 2.05 seconds , with Red Bull claiming to have broken the record on five separate occasions during the race . Prior to 2013 's second race , the record was held by McLaren , who changed the tires on Jenson Button 's car in 2.31 seconds at last year 's German Grand Prix . "  We went under that in Malaysia with Seb 's first stop being 2.13 s , " read the Austrian-owned team 's website . "  Mark 's first stop , two laps later was also 2.13 s. "  The crew then lowered the new benchmark to 2.05 s when Mark came in again , and his two subsequent stops were 2.21 s and 2.26 s. "  These times are all taken from the car data which each team uses to record the stationary times . " Red Bull went on to suggest the record could be lowered once again in the future . "  What you wo n't hear , however , is anyone using the word ` perfect ' , " said the team 's website . "  There 's always a quicker stop out there , and it 's possible this season we 'll see the magical two-second barrier breached at some point . "  However , rather than chasing individual times , improving consistency is always the thing coveted by the crew : breaking records is merely the consequence of doing that well . " The 2013 season continues with the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on April 14 .	Red Bull set record for Formula One 's quickest pit stop Mark Webber 's second stop in Malaysia clocked at 2.05 seconds The previous record was held by McLaren for a pit stop on Jenson Button 's car in 2012 Red Bull claim to have broken the record on five occasions during Malaysian Grand Prix
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force has grounded its entire F-22 Raptor fleet amidst continuing concern over how the fighter jet provides oxygen to the pilot , according Capt. Jennifer Faerrau , a spokesperson for the Air Force 's Air Combat Command . The stand-down order was made Tuesday but is just now becoming public . It 's unclear how long the stand down will last . There are about 165 Raptors in the fleet . Since January , the aircraft already had been kept at altitudes under 25,000 feet during an ongoing investigation into a November crash . Flying above that altitude could cause a pilot to black out from lack of oxygen and lose control . The stand-down affects all routine training and other missions , Faerrau said . The Air Force is looking at all the systems on this new-generation fighter jet , but one area of focus is the On-Board Oxygen Generating System  OBOGS  , according to Ferrau . The order came from Gen. William Fraser , commander of Air Combat Command , which is based at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia .	The stand-down order was made Tuesday but is just now becoming public The 165 Raptor fighter jets have been kept at lower altitudes during ongoing probe Flying above 25,000 feet could cause pilots to black out Order came from Gen. William Fraser , head of Air Combat Command
CNN  -- A bus carrying Chinese tourists overturned Friday near Hoover Dam , killing at least seven people and injuring at least nine , an Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman said . Authorities work on the crash scene Friday on U.S. 93 in White Hills , Arizona , near Hoover Dam . The accident happened at 4 p.m. on U.S. 93 at mile marker 27 , about 27 miles south of Hoover Dam , said Lt. James Warriner . The dead lay in body bags on the roadway near the bus , which was on its side across both lanes and onto the shoulder of the highway . Initial reports from the scene indicated rescuers had difficulty communicating with the passengers , all of them Chinese nationals . Five of the injured were taken to Kingman Regional Medical Center , where one was in critical condition and four were in serious condition , said Ryan Kennedy , executive director of operations . Rick Plummer , a spokesman for University Medical Center in Las Vegas , said the hospital received five victims by helicopter , one who died , two in critical condition and two in serious condition . Watch authorities work the crash scene " The north-south highway at the crash scene in White Hills , Arizona , was shut in both directions . Officials said the bus was heading from Las Vegas to Arizona . Hoover Dam is near the border of the two states . View a map of the crash site " Among the injured was a motorcyclist who was hurt avoiding the bus , said National Park Service spokesman Andrew Munoz .	Bus passengers were Chinese nationals , officials say The dead lay in body bags on the roadway near the overturned bus Tour bus overturns on U.S. Route 93 , heading from Las Vegas to Arizona Hospital says as many as 15 victims being flown to Las Vegas
CNN  -- As Michael Jackson fans and the media pour into Los Angeles , California , for what could be the most widely watched memorial of all time , an obvious question remains : Where will he be laid to rest ? Bette Davis is among the notables buried at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn park . Although the Jackson family has n't made an official statement , all signs seem to point toward Forest Lawn Memorial Parks and Mortuaries , the not-for-profit organization that has buried a vast number of Hollywood 's notables . Forest Lawn officials were working with the Jackson family on their plans , which were part of "  a package " of events Tuesday , said Jim McDonnell , assistant chief of staff of the Los Angeles Police Department on Sunday . His comments , however , did not answer questions about where or when Jackson would be buried . There is speculation that the burial will be at Forest Lawn 's Glendale location , but the media are swarming around the Hollywood Hills memorial park , located right off the freeway behind Disney Studios . Tito Jackson 's ex-wife , Delores "  Dee Dee " Jackson , is believed to be buried there . Forest Lawn Memorial is the first stop tourists make in search of the crypts of Hollywood greats . Numerous books and Web sites such as findagrave.com and seeing-stars . com claim to have insider knowledge about celebrity grave locations on the properties , but Forest Lawn is unrelentingly secretive about who , exactly , is entombed in its parks . "  We hold the privacy of our client families in very high regard , " said Bill Martin , spokesman for the Glendale location , which is considered the "  mother lode " for celebrity grave hunters . "  There are certain areas and property types that have limited access . " The tombs of Sammy Davis Jr. , Humphrey Bogart and Jean Harlow are in locked areas not accessible to the general public , according to findagrave.com . With that kind of commitment to privacy , it 's understandable why Jackson , known for being reclusive , might be buried there . Avid grave hunter Lisa Burks , who frequents both the Glendale and Hollywood Hills parks , said she would n't be surprised if Jackson were to be buried at either location . Burks was first drawn to Forest Lawn Glendale because of its artwork and statuary , but once she found out that celebrities were "  buried with the regular people , " she said , she began to grave hunt . "  We leave flowers and take pictures , " Burks said of her time at famous graves . "  It 's the way of remembering someone who made a difference , who cheered me up when I was a kid or entertained me . With Michael Jackson ... if he ends up at a cemetery , I 'll definitely go and take flowers . They feel like a member of the family , so you treat them like a member of the family . " Even if you ca n't find a way to see your favorite celebrity 's crypt , Los Angeles residents said that just stepping foot in the park is an experience in itself . "  I know for some people cemeteries can be intimidating or just where you go to mourn . But at Forest Lawn , it is n't sad ; it 's really a beautiful place , " said Beth Zeigler , an Echo Park , California , professional who frequents the park 's museum . But if you call any of the Forest Lawn Memorial Park and Mortuaries a cemetery , you would be remiss . There are certainly graves behind the Glendale park 's majestic wrought-iron gates , but that 's where the similarities end . Amid its 300 acres , the park has three churches , replicas of all of Michelangelo 's works and a copy of Leonardo da Vinci 's "  The Last Supper " in stained glass . Instead of above-ground tombstones , the park uses flat , engraved markers for grave sites , so from afar all you can see are grassy hills . The memorial park draws over a million visitors each year , including 70,000 who come to get married . Built in 1906 as a traditional cemetery , Forest Lawn was revamped by Dr. Hubert Eaton in 1917 . Like Jackson , Eaton was "  an icon -LSB- of his -RSB- time , " said Laura Kath , author of "  100 Years in the Life of Forest Lawn . " " -LSB- Eaton -RSB- is the man who first envisioned the memorial park concept , that cemeteries should not be filled with tombstones but should celebrate the life of those entombed there and celebrate the living , " Kath said , "  and people loved the whole concept . Eaton was a visionary . " Burks agrees whole-heartedly with Eaton 's vision . "  Cemeteries are for the living , " Burks said about her visits to celebrity tombs . "  We 're remembering them . It sounds crazy , but I dare anyone to do it , and I 'd bet it would make them feel good . "	Will Jackson be buried among other stars at a Forest Lawn location ? The not-for-profit group 's strict regulations about privacy would match Jackson 's life Sammy Davis Jr. and Humphrey Bogart buried there , among other stars
What the heck are triglycerides ? If you do n't know , you have plenty of company . One in every three Americans has high triglyceride levels , which elevate risk of heart disease and early death . The fatty particles found in your blood are important for heart health , but do n't get nearly as much attention as , say , cholesterol . Now a new study suggests that there 's a good chance that your triglycerides are in the unhealthy zone , whether you know what they are or not . About one-third of American adults have triglyceride levels that are borderline or too high , according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report published Monday in Archives of Internal Medicine . "  I see it as a major problem that we 've completely ignored this problem so far , " said Dr. Børge Nordestgaard of the University of Copenhagen in Denmark . Nordestgaard has conducted research linking high triglyceride levels to cardiovascular disease and early death , but was not involved in the CDC research . "  Everyone in clinical practice seemed to be so focused on LDL , LDL , LDL -LSB- bad cholesterol -RSB- , people tended to forget triglycerides . " he said . Being too heavy , getting too little activity , drinking lots of alcohol and eating lots of saturated fat can all add up to higher triglyceride levels because the body stores excess calories as triglycerides . Health.com : Fats to eat , fats to avoid Triglycerides are a third type of fatty particle found in the blood , along with LDL cholesterol and HDL  also known as good  cholesterol . People taking certain medications or those who have diabetes or a genetic condition can have high triglycerides . Health.com : What cholesterol tests reveal about your heart 's health Nordestgaard said that high triglycerides are as dangerous as high cholesterol levels as a risk marker for heart disease and early death . "  There 's a really big potential for further prevention of heart disease and strokes by getting more focused on that , " he said . Health.com : How stress can trigger heart problems The problem : Right now , the best way to attack high triglycerides is by losing weight , eating more healthily , and becoming more active -- a tall order for many of us . In the new report , Dr. Earl Ford of the CDC , and his colleagues looked at a nationally representative group of 5,610 people 20 and older . They found that 33.1 percent had triglyceride levels above 150 milligrams per deciliter , while 17.9 percent had levels above 200 milligrams per deciliter , 1.7 percent had levels of 500 milligrams per deciliter or above , and 0.4 percent had levels higher than 1,000 milligrams per deciliter . Triglycerides of 150 to 199 milligrams per deciliter are considered borderline high and anything above 200 milligrams per deciliter is considered too high . Men were more likely than women to have high triglycerides , while whites were at greater risk than African Americans and Mexican Americans . Very high triglyceride levels can cause inflammation of the pancreas . Although there 's increasing evidence that elevated triglycerides are associated with cardiovascular disease and early death , no one has yet shown that treating high triglyceride levels reduces cardiovascular disease , according to an editorial by Dr. Warren G. Thompson and Dr. Gerald T. Gau of the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine , in Rochester , Minnesota . Lifestyle changes -- exercising , losing weight , swapping healthy fats for unhealthy ones , and the like -- are the treatment of choice right now for people with triglyceride levels between 150 milligrams per deciliter and 500 milligrams per deciliter . According to the National Cholesterol Education Panel , higher-risk people with triglyceride levels falling in this range may also need medication . Beyond lifestyle changes , treatments for high triglycerides include statins , fibrates , niacin , and fish oil . But while fibrates reduce the risk of cardiovascular events like stroke and heart attack , Thompson and Gau note , they do n't reduce mortality and actually increase the risk of death from non-heart-related causes ; they are only recommended for people with triglycerides above 1,000 milligrams per deciliter . "  What we really need scientifically , we need companies to come up with drugs that are more efficient at particularly reducing triglycerides , " said Nordestgaard . He usually recommends that people try statins first if lifestyle changes are not enough -- as do Thompson and Gau . Health.com : The therapeutic lifestyle changes  TLC  diet for heart disease "  People with hypertriglyceridemia should talk to their physician about appropriate steps to take to bring their levels of triglycerides down , " said Ford . "  For people with levels in the 150-500 milligrams per deciliter range , therapeutic lifestyle change is recommended . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Fatty particles called triglycerides are important for heart health One in every three Americans has high triglyceride levels , according to CDC High triglyceride levels can cause pancreatic inflammation , heart disease death
CNN  -- Over the years , it seems that just about every format imaginable has been used for debates between presidential candidates . Lecterns . Chairs . No chairs . Tables . No tables . Open stages to walk around on . Moderators working solo , like Jim Lehrer at this year 's first presidential debate and Martha Raddatz at the vice presidential debate . Moderators with panels of reporters . Questions submitted by the audience . Questions submitted by viewers at home . Town halls , like the one that will be moderated by CNN 's Candy Crowley on Tuesday . Yet , 52 years after the first televised presidential debate , there still often seems something stilted and dry about some of them  but not all : witness last week 's high-energy vice presidential debate between Joe Biden and Paul Ryan  . Frequently , though , the staffs of the people running for the presidency negotiate the ground rules so fussily that the debates can at times feel like some sort of candidates ' cotillion . So what if , for one debate some year , it was agreed to try the one format that has not been tested ? The debate would still be 90 minutes in prime evening time . The proceedings would still be telecast live on all the networks . There would still be an audience in the auditorium . But there would be no moderator , and no panel of questioners . There would be no subject matter agreed to in advance . There would be no rules . None . At the top of the hour , the two candidates would come out onto the stage . There would n't even need to be an announcer making an introduction . And then . ... It would be up to them . They would have 90 minutes to talk to the audience , and to each other . To argue , and try to persuade , with no referee . It just might be fascinating . Their staffs , as campaign staffs will do , would have prepared them and would have come up with tactics for each of them to take over the debate . And you can bet that the two candidates would fall back on those rehearsed tactics . For about 15 minutes . But then they would realize that , with 75 or so minutes left , they had better figure out a way to talk about things with each other , and with the nation . It would be like when people get stuck in an elevator together : They talk because they have to . They may feel that they have nothing in common , but now they 're here . In the elevator suspended between floors , there 's no one but the two of them . Surprising things can be said and learned . There 's no blueprint . No script . If a presidential debate of this sort were to be attempted , the audience in the auditorium , and at home , might find out some things about the candidates they would never discern in a tightly formatted , moderated debate , or in a standard-issue stump speech . And the candidates might find out a few things about each other -- maybe even find some unanticipated common ground . Funny things can happen in an elevator that is n't going anywhere . Some of what unfolds might have little to do with the specific words that are spoken . Is one of the candidates overbearing and selfish in how he uses the time -- does he refuse to let his opponent get a word in ? That would be a good thing for the voters to know . Is one of the candidates lighthearted and easygoing as he deals with the empty minutes in the company of the person he is running against ? That would be instructive to see . Who 's the leader ? Who heats up ? Who is unflappable ? There are , after all , occasions when presidents meet one-on-one with powerful foreign leaders , with no one to guide the conversation . This might be a good approximation of that -- presidential candidates unplugged , on their own , with no escape hatch . Or the debate might instead turn out to be an approximation of a pro-wrestling cage match , in suits and ties instead of trunks . Of course , once candidates took part in one debate with this format , they and their staffs would undoubtedly devise a way to screw it up for the next time , to make it bland and suck all the life out of it . But for one night -- that first night it was tried -- it just might make for great , riveting viewing . Or -- let 's be candid -- it might turn out to be an utter flop , like the announcerless National Football League telecast that took place in 1980 , when NBC Sports , as an experiment , put on a regular-season game between the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins with no announcers or commentators -- just the sights and sounds of the action . The post-game consensus was that it was n't such a splendid idea at all . But two candidates , stuck in the presidential-debate elevator , depending on their own wits , intelligence and deeply held beliefs to carry the night ? With just the two of them to figure it all out , and the entire nation watching ? There is at least a chance that it could develop into one of the most spontaneous and illuminating evenings of politics ever televised . There 's only one way to find out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Presidential debates have tried all kinds of formats He suggests a debate between two candidates -- with no moderator Voters would see how candidates deal with unpredictable situations , he says
CNN  -- Roger Federer exclusively told CNN that the stunning shot he executed in his U.S. Open semifinal against Novak Djokovic was the best of his career . Roger Federer hailed his stunning shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career . The world number one produced a near-faultless performance to defeat fourth seed Djokovic in straight sets to reach his sixth consecutive U.S. Open Final at Flushing Meadows , but it was an outrageous shot to set up match point that will be most remembered . It came with Djokovic serving at 6-5 down in the third set . At love 30-0 up Federer dashed back to the baseline and hit a winner through his legs that flew over the net and past Djokovic into the corner for match point . "  I think it was the greatest shot I have ever hit in my life , " Federer told CNN . "  I have hit some good ones over all the matches I have played , but I think this one , especially under the circumstances at love 30-up and with having chance to maybe clinch the match , was amazing . "  I got a standing ovation and people went crazy -- here in New York the crowds are fantastic -- as it was the perfect shot to hit , at exactly the right time , and I ca n't believe I pulled it off . " Federer also revealed he is producing his best tennis because he is under less pressure than perhaps he was at the same time last year . At this stage in 2008 Federer had not won a grand slam but after winning the French Open and a historic 15th major at Wimbledon this time round he admitted he is more relaxed . "  I have a little bit less pressure to prove myself after reaching the 15 Grand Slams everyone was talking about and I also I won in Paris , " he added . "  Getting through the pregnancy with my wife Mirka and having two beautiful daughters is also something that relaxes you for sure . But at the same time when you walk out on center court there will always be a certain type of pressure which will be there for the rest of my career . "  I just have to make sure I handle it correctly . I always play my best tennis towards the end of a tournament and I am happy that it is continued in this match after everything that has already happened this year . " Federer will play Argentina 's Juan Del Potro who reached his first grand slam final after he crushed Rafael Nadal in the other semifinal . The sixth seed blew Nadal away at the Arthur Ashe Stadium , taking two hours and 20 minutes to take a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory .	Roger Federer hailed a shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career The Swiss world number one hit a stunning baseline winner through his legs Federer is going in search of his sixth U.S. Open title at Flushing Meadows Argentina 's Juan Del Potro faces Federer in what will be a first grand slam final
CNN  -- The United States on Wednesday announced charges against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , accused of orchestrating the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and four others accused of involvement in the plot . "  If convicted , the five accused could be sentenced to death , " the Defense Department said in a statement . Along with Mohammed , the others are Walid Muhammad Salih Mubarak Bin ` Attash , Ramzi Binalshibh , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali , and Mustafa Ahmed Adam al Hawsawi . The charges allege that the five are "  responsible for the planning and execution of the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , in New York , Washington , D.C. , and Shanksville , Pa. , resulting in the killing of 2,976 people , " the statement said . Father of slain firefighter relishes trial The five accused are charged with "  terrorism , hijacking aircraft , conspiracy , murder in violation of the law of war , attacking civilians , attacking civilian objects , intentionally causing serious bodily injury , and destruction of property in violation of the law of war . The convening authority has referred all charges to a joint trial . " Why Obama ca n't close Guantanamo The convening authority , the Office of Military Commissions , referred charges to a capital military commission , the department said . "  Each of the five accused have been provided , in addition to their detailed defense counsel , learned counsel , possessing specialized knowledge and experience in death penalty cases , to assist them in their defense , " the Pentagon said . The chief judge of the Military Commissions Trial Judiciary will assign a military judge to the case , and the five will be arraigned at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , within 30 days of service of the referred charges upon them . Wednesday 's action is a refiling of charges against the accused conspirators . The military initially charged Mohammed in 2008 , but President Barack Obama stopped the case as part of his effort to close the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay . Ten years of ` Gitmo ' -- and more to come Unable to close the center , Obama attempted to move the case to federal court in New York in 2009 , only to run into a political firestorm . The plan was dropped after complaints about cost and security . Last April , Attorney General Eric Holder announced the five would face a military trial at Guantanamo Bay . The American Civil Liberties Union opposes the military tribunals . They "  are sure to be subject to continuous legal challenges and delays , and their outcomes will not be seen as legitimate . That is not justice , " the group said Wednesday . ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero said the administration is making a "  terrible mistake by prosecuting the most important terrorism trials of our time in a second-tier system of justice . " "  Whatever verdict comes out of the Guantanamo military commissions will be tainted by an unfair process and the politics that wrongly pulled these cases from federal courts , which have safely and successfully handled hundreds of terrorism trials , " Romero said . "  The military commissions were set up to achieve easy convictions and hide the reality of torture , not to provide a fair trial . Although the rules have been improved , the military commissions continue to violate due process by allowing the use of hearsay and coerced or secret evidence . "	Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is the accused mastermind of the September 11 attacks Mohammed , four others could be sentenced to death The accused will be arraigned in Guantanamo Bay
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former "  Desperate Housewives " actress Nicollette Sheridan returns to the stand Friday in her legal battle with show creator Marc Cherry and ABC over the TV killing of a character she played on the hit comedy series for five seasons . During Thursday 's court session , Sheridan , 48 , slapped her lawyer to demonstrate how she claims Cherry hit her during a rehearsal . Her wrongful termination lawsuit contends Cherry killed off Edie Britt , the sassy , blond woman Sheridan played , in retaliation for her complaints about being hit . Several of Sheridan 's former castmates -- including Eva Longoria , Marcia Cross , James Denton , Felicity Huffman and Neal McDonough -- are on the list of witnesses expected to defend Cherry during the two-week-long Los Angeles trial . Cherry 's lawyers contend show writers began planning Britt 's demise in May 2008 , four months before the alleged battery , as a way to shock viewers and raise ratings . The hit was just "  a light tap on the head " intended to demonstrate "  a piece of physical humor " Cherry wanted Sheridan to perform , the defense said in opening statements Wednesday . Sheridan 's dissatisfaction with her lack of lines in a scene preceded the alleged hitting incident , she testified . She wanted to recite a line from a Beatles song -- "  She loves you , yeah , yeah , yeah " -- but Cherry said the music royalties would be too expensive . Without it , her exit from the scene "  was n't funny anymore , " Sheridan testified . Sheridan testified that while she explained her concerns to Cherry , the producer asked "  What is it that you want ? " Then he hit her his open right hand , she said . "  It was a nice wallop to my head . " "  It was shocking , humiliating , it was demeaning , " she said . Sheridan demonstrated the hit in slow motion on her lawyer , Patrick Maloney , but then he asked her to "  hit me as hard as you were hit . " "  I do n't want to hurt you , " Sheridan told her lawyer . The actress finally agreed to show jurors the hit in full force , sending a loud thump across the courtroom and turning Maloney 's head . "  I 'm fine , " he assured her as she apologized . Cherry apologized to her soon after the hitting incident , telling her "  I am on bended knee begging for your forgiveness , " Sheridan testified . But she did not accept it . The next day , she told show producer George Perkins she wanted a second apology and flowers from Cherry . "  I thought he could , at least , apologize again and send me flowers , " she said . But Cherry 's reply , delivered by Perkins , was not a second apology or flowers . "  He felt the incident had been resolved , " Sheridan said he told her . Five months and 11 episodes later , Cherry informed Sheridan that Britt would die during a show taping the next day , ending her five-year run on "  Desperate Housewives . " Jurors must decide if the death of Sheridan 's character and the end of her employment was illegal workplace retaliation or just a creative decision unconnected to the alleged battery incident . Cherry 's defense is expected to present notes made by show writers in May 2008 that document the various scenarios they were considering at the time for killing off Britt . In his opening statement Wednesday , Mark Baute , Sheridan 's lawyer , challenged the authenticity of those writers notes , accusing Cherry 's defense of an "  effort to backdate the decision " with a fake story that the character 's death was planned months before the hitting incident . Britt is "  a very colorful character , sassy , overt , audacious , " Sheridan said . "  She has a heart , but people loved to hate her . " She made it clear to jurors she was not like the character she played . "  I think honesty is about the only thing we shared . " Jurors appeared to enjoy several clips of the show , featuring her character seducing a series of men . They laughed several times during the playing of the clips . They were also shown Britt 's death scene , in which she crashed a car into a tree and was electrocuted by a fallen power line . Cherry lawyer defense lawyer Adam Levin told jurors that TV writers must "  shock and surprise " viewers with pregnancies , affairs , marriages , divorces and deaths to "  keep them on the edge of their seats . " "  The unanticipated death of a prominent character can shock the viewing audience and energize the show , " which Levin said can "  lead to watercooler talk and media buzz , " increasing ratings . The demise of Sheridan 's character was first considered at the end of the third season , which ended with Britt 's head in a hangman 's noose , but a senior executive decided it was too soon for her to go , Levin said . Sheridan testified that the hangman 's noose scene was Cherry 's idea , prompted by ABC 's request that the season end with something "  more spectacular . " Cherry assured her that her character would "  be saved " in the next episode at the start of season four , she said . She said Cherry even told the whole cast when they gathered to start the next season 's production that "  we know one character we wo n't be killing off is Edie Britt , " because people were "  up in arms " over the possibility . The character was not initially intended to be on the show beyond the pilot episode , but Cherry decided to make her the "  blond bombshell who would sleep with the husbands of all of the wives , " he said . After five seasons , "  writers could only do so much with the character , " Levin said . "  There were only so many husbands she could sleep with . " ABC Entertainment is a defendant in the lawsuit because its executives allegedly failed to properly investigate Sheridan 's accusation that Cherry hit her and then agreed with his decision to fire her . Although a line producer reported the incident to the studio 's human resources department , there was no investigation until an ABC senior executive saw a National Enquirer story about it at a grocery store two months later , Baute said . What followed was a "  fake " investigation designed "  to protect the money machine known as ` Desperate Housewives , ' " he said . "  Nobody wants the ` Desperate Housewives ' applecart turned upside down . " The human resources investigator never interviewed Cherry or Sheridan about the incident , only three people who worked for Cherry , Baute said . Contracts introduced during Sheridan 's testimony revealed that she is still getting royalties from the show , even for the last three seasons after her termination .	Nicollette Sheridan returns to the witness stand Friday in her case against producer Marc Cherry Her lawyer asks Sheridan to show on him in full force how she says Marc Cherry hit her on "  Desperate Housewives " set "  It was shocking , humiliating , it was demeaning , " she said . It was "  a light tap on the head " to demonstrate "  physical humor , " Cherry 's lawyer says
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Their stories were chilling : Students at a reform school recounted beatings and sexual assaults at the hands of school administrators and other employees who were supposed to be taking care of them . But a state investigation into the claims -- which date back to the 1950s and 1960s -- found insufficient evidence to prosecute any former workers at the Dozier School for Boys in Marianna , Florida . Results of the investigation , which was conducted by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement at the request of Gov. Charlie Crist , were released Thursday . The FDLE investigated allegations made by a group of men who said they were beaten and sexually abused when they attended the school about five decades ago . Read the FDLE 's final report State Attorney Glenn Hess told the FDLE he would not pursue any prosecutions in a letter dated February 25 . "  The primary obstacles to bringing criminal cases based on events alleged to have occurred more than 40 years ago are the Constitutional rights to a speedy trial and to due process , " Hess wrote . "  Florida 's statute placing time limitations on prosecutions must also be considered . In a nutshell , citizens are protected from being prosecuted for crimes that occurred so long ago that preparing a defense would be difficult or impossible . The claims provided here are an example , " he said . The allegations against school workers were made by a group of men -- now in their 60s -- who call themselves "  the white house boys " after a nondescript white concrete building on the school grounds where they say the beatings and torture were carried out , often with a thick leather strap . One member of the group , Dick Colon , told CNN the outcome of the investigation shows "  Florida is running with a scam and everybody 's behind it . " "  FDLE is whitewashing this thing like you would n't believe , " said Colon , who was interviewed by the FDLE in the investigation . Colon said he was sent to the school for stealing cars , and went to the "  white house " 11 times during his 30 months there , where he suffered unimaginable beatings . He remembers them as if they happened yesterday , he said . Colon said he was forced to lie face-down on a blood-soaked pillow that had small pieces of lip , tongue and skin from the previous boy 's beating . He 'd clench the metal bar of the bed as the strap struck him . "  After that tick , you 'd go ` Aaaahh , ' and then you 'd grab that bar , and go ` Ooooohhhhhhh , ' and the spindles of the bed would bounce , and sometimes the bed would come off the ground , " Colon told CNN . The FDLE said its investigators interviewed six former staff members from Dozier and more than 100 former students and their relatives . But the agency acknowledged that most staff members who could have provided information have died . The report said there were inconsistent accounts from the men about various incidents , and a forensics examination of the "  white house " building found no evidence of any blood . Most of the former students interviewed during the investigation agreed that a wooden paddle or leather strap was used for punishment , the report said , but there was disagreement about the number of spankings and the severity . "  There was little to no evidence of visible residual scarring , " the report said . "  With the passage of over 50 years , no tangible physical evidence was found to either support or refute the allegations of physical or sexual abuse , " it added . Hess cited another example in his letter , in which a former student said he had been sexually assaulted in a "  rape room , " but then admitted he was not sure he had been raped . "  Time has blunted even the accuser 's memory . Due process demands that the accused be informed of the charge he is to answer with specificity . These claims do not suffice , " Hess wrote . Crist also asked the agency to look into 32 unidentified graves on the school grounds . Some of the accusers said the graves -- marked only by white steel crosses , rusted with the passage of time -- contained the bodies of boys who were beaten to death by school workers . But the FDLE investigation announced findings in 2009 that it had accounted for all the students . "  Enough information has been corroborated on who is buried there , " Mark Perez , chief of Investigations for the FDLE , said in 2009 . "  We went and identified all of the individuals who perished while in custody . " Colon said he reacted to the beatings and other events he witnessed by burying the pain inside . He also said another boy 's terror has left him wrestling with his own best and worst instincts . He said he walked into the school 's laundry room one day and saw a black teenager inside a large tumble dryer that was running . He wanted to save the boy , Colon said , and tried to talk himself into being brave . "  I said , ` Do it ! Do it ! Do it ! ' " he recalled , his eyes brimming with tears . "  And then I thought to myself , ` If you do it , they 're gon na put you in there . You 're gon na be next . ' And I walked away . " But the FDLE report said there were inconsistencies in the story and a lack of evidence . "  They have no evidence , they say , of any deaths ? " Colon said angrily . "  When I told them I came out and saw this black boy in the dryer -- did I witness a death or a goddamn birthday party ? " About 300 of the former reform school students sued former school administrators . The lawsuit was recently dismissed . "  We 're attempting to move forward with a claims bill in the Florida state legislature to try and achieve justice for our clients , " said Gregory Hoag , one of the students ' attorneys . One of the men named in the original lawsuit is Troy Tidwell , a former reform school administrator , who still lives near the school grounds in Marianna . Tidwell refused to cooperate with the FDLE investigation , the agency 's report said , because his cooperation could result in a criminal prosecution . Now in his 80s , Tidwell did give a videotaped deposition in the civil case last year . He said the boys at the school who misbehaved were "  spanked . " "  Never was a boy beat in my presence , " he said . Tidwell 's attorney did not respond to CNN 's calls for comment . Colon says the FDLE 's report about what happened at the school is wrong , and he wants to do his own investigation . "  We 're going to get some ground-penetrating radar , and we have guys who will go and find the bodies , " he said .	State finds insufficient evidence to prosecute ex-workers at Dozier School for Boys Former students say workers beat , sexually assaulted them at the Marianna reform school State attorney : Time elapsed since alleged crimes hindered "  bringing criminal cases " Allegations against school workers were made by men who are now in their 60s
CNN  There will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown . St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams , 21 , with assault . A 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities . There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black . And because the punches were thrown following the Michael Brown reference . But that wo n't be happening . "  Specifically , when put in context , it did not support the finding that the acts in this case met the elements of the hate crime statute in the state of Missouri , specifically proving the motivating factor behind the individual that we have charged , Ed Postawko with the St. Louis Circuit Attorney 's Office told CNN affilaite KMOV . The beating , which occurred on a MetroLink light rail train , was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger 's cell phone camera . The passenger posted the video online , and it went viral . The victim , 43 , said he was commuting home when a young black man asked to use the victim 's cell phone . He declined , and the young man asked his opinion about the shooting of Michael Brown , an unarmed teenager killed by a police officer in nearby Ferguson , Missouri , last summer , the man said . That shooting raised questions nationwide about use of deadly force by police . "  The next thing I know , he sucker punches me right in the middle of my face , " the victim told CNN affiliate KMOV . The video showed a male unleashing a barrage of punches at the head of the victim , who covered himself with his hand and forearms . Two other males joined in , police said . The attackers fled . The man , who asked not to be identified , was treated at the scene for injuries and did n't go to the hospital .	The two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , St. Louis police say in a tweet A video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white man
CNN  -- A school board in Rhode Island has voted to fire all teachers at a struggling high school , a dramatic move aimed at shoring up education in a poverty-ridden school district . In a 5-2 vote Tuesday night , the board approved the plan by Frances Gallo , superintendent at Central Falls School District , to discharge the teachers , administrators and other personnel at Central Falls High School . The firings , which will be effective at the end of this school year , came after the district said it failed to reach an agreement with the teachers ' union on a plan for the teachers to spend more time with students to improve test scores . A union spokesman called the firings drastic and cited a 21 percent rise in reading scores and a 3 percent increase in math scores in the past two years . The school district said 93 people -- including the principal , three assistant principals and 77 teachers -- were fired . The teachers ' union said the firings affected 74 classroom teachers plus a number of other educators such as guidance counselors and reading specialists . Central Falls High is one of the lowest-performing schools in Rhode Island . It is in a community where median income is $ 22,000 , census figures show . Of the 800 students , 65 percent are Hispanic and for most of them , English is a second language . Half the students are failing every subject , with 55 percent skilled in reading and 7 percent proficient in math , officials said . In a proposal based on federal guidelines , Gallo asked teachers to work a longer school day of seven hours and tutor students weekly for one hour outside school time . She proposed teachers have lunch with students often , meet for 90 minutes every week to discuss education and set aside two weeks during summer break for paid professional development . A spokesman for the union said the teachers had accepted most of the changes , but wanted to work out compensation for the extra hours of work . The superintendent said the two sides could not agree on a pay rate . Under new federal requirements for school reform , low-performing schools have several options . One is called the transformation model , which includes a series of changes that teachers agree to adopt . When the negotiations on those changes failed at Central Falls High , the superintendent switched to another option : the turnaround model , which means firing every teacher at the troubled school . Kathy May , a teacher at Central Falls High , said she 's disheartened . "  I feel like , after 20 years , I can see some progress beginning to be made . And I 'm sad that we 're not going to be around to follow that through , to push that forward . " Gallo , who said Rhode Island law says notice must be given by March 1 , said the problem is n't solely the fault of teachers and it was n't her preference to make the move . She indicated that some of the teachers might be rehired . "  When we had to move from the transformation model , the next best move was the turnaround model . And that requires us to remove the teachers and rehire , of those who reapply , up to 50 percent , " she said . "  This is a major move , for a very significant reason , and that being that we could n't hone in on the assurances we needed for the transformation model . " Asked what would happen if the teachers ' union accepted the original terms , Gallo said it would be very difficult to go back , but ca n't be discounted . "  And if ... as we move forward , if indeed something of that effect comes around , then I still think we have a lot of doors that could be opened . " At a community rally before the school board meeting on Tuesday , supporters of the teachers slammed the plan . Jane Sessums , president of the Central Falls Teachers Union , said teachers have been unfairly targeted and scapegoated and the union will fight to have them reinstated . "  We want genuine reforms , not quick fixes that do nothing but create a wedge between teachers , our school and our community , " said Sessums . She added that "  teachers have agreed to numerous solutions and reforms . " George McLaughlin , a guidance counselor who was fired along with his wife , a chemistry teacher , said the school has been inaccurately cast as a place with low graduation rates . "  We have the most transient population in this state . Nobody comes close to us . So when they say that 50 percent of the people graduate , a very high percentage of our students leave our school . They return . They leave again . They go back to other countries , " he said , noting that three times as many of the school 's students are accepted to colleges now than they were five years ago . He also knocked the superintendent , saying she "  has been with us for a little more than three years . " If Gallo were willing to negotiate and listen to former Sen. Lincoln Chafee , who has offered to mediate , "  maybe we could resolve this instead of causing more trauma to us . " McLaughlin said the negotiations were about job security , not pay , and said the teachers are ready to resume talks .	Board votes to discharge all teachers , other educators at Central Falls High School District , union fail to reach agreement for teachers to spend more time with students Union president says teachers scapegoated , union will fight to reinstate them Terminations will go into effect in the next school year
Tokyo  CNN  -- The nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant in Japan was a "  man-made disaster " that unfolded as a result of collusion between the facility 's operator , regulators and the government , an independent panel said in an unusually frank report Thursday . The report by the Fukushima Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission outlines errors and willful negligence at the plant before the earthquake and tsunami that devastated swaths of northeastern Japan on March 11 last year , and a flawed response in the hours , days and weeks that followed . It also offers recommendations and encourages the nation 's parliament to "  thoroughly debate and deliberate " the suggestions . The crippled Fukushima Daiichi plant spewed radiation and displaced tens of thousands of residents from the surrounding area in the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine . Commissioned by the national parliament , the panel 's report tellingly blames Japanese culture for the fundamental causes of the disaster . As well as detailing the specific failings related to the accident , the report describes a Japan in which nuclear power became "  an unstoppable force , immune to scrutiny by civil society . " "  Its regulation was entrusted to the same government bureaucracy responsible for its promotion , " the commission said . Fukushima plant operator : We were n't prepared for nuclear accident Contradicting claims by Tokyo Electric Power Co. , or TEPCO , the operator of the plant , the report said that "  the direct causes of the accident were all foreseeable prior to March 11 , 2011 . " The operator , regulators and the government "  failed to correctly develop the most basic safety requirements -- such as assessing the probability of damage , preparing for containing collateral damage from such a disaster , and developing evacuation plans , " the commission said . Following the quake and tsunami , the lack of training and knowledge of the TEPCO workers at the facility reduced the effectiveness of the response to the situation at a critical time , according to the report . As the crisis escalated , TEPCO , the regulators , government agencies and the prime minister 's office were ineffective in "  preventing or limiting the consequential damage " at Fukushima Daiichi , the commission said . The prime minister 's office did n't promptly declare a state of emergency , the commission noted . And chains of command were disrupted amid the crisis , creating confusion , it said . Meanwhile , communication failures about critical decisions undermined trust between the different parties . The report 's authors -- led by Kiyoshi Kurokawa , a former president of the Science Council of Japan -- attributed the failings at the plant before and after March 11 specifically to Japanese culture . "  What must be admitted -- very painfully -- is that this was a disaster ` Made in Japan , ' " the report said . "  Its fundamental causes are to be found in the ingrained conventions of Japanese culture : our reflexive obedience ; our reluctance to question authority ; our devotion to ` sticking with the program . ' " Fukushima residents call for criminal charges against nuclear officials Suggesting that the mind-set that supported the negligence at Fukushima "  can be found across Japan , " Kurokawa also urged citizens to "  reflect on our responsibility as individuals in a democratic society . " The commission made a series of recommendations to try to avoid a repeat of the catastrophe , calling for the overhaul of TEPCO and the nuclear regulators . It urged the establishment of a permanent parliamentary committee to deal with nuclear power and supervise regulators . A "  fundamental re-examination of the crisis management system " was suggested . The report called for measures tackling public health and welfare issues , including the establishment of a system "  to deal with long-term public health effects , " monitoring "  hot spots " and "  the spread of radioactive contamination . " It called for starting "  a detailed and transparent program of decontamination and relocation . " Evacuee 's suicide sad reminder how Fukushima continues to claim victims A system of independent investigation commissions dealing with nuclear issues should be developed , it said . The report comes at a delicate time for the Japanese nuclear sector . This week , the first reactor to be switched on since the Fukushima disaster came back online . All 50 commercial nuclear reactors in Japan had been offline since May 5 for safety checks . The restart of the No. 3 reactor at the Ohi Nuclear Power Plant , which serves western Japan , prompted protests by anti-nuclear activists . TEPCO admitted last month that it was not fully prepared for the nuclear disaster . The company 's final report on the disaster said it did not have sufficient measures to prevent the accident . It also acknowledged criticism that TEPCO took too long to disclose information . On Thursday , the company declined to comment on the independent commission 's report . The Japanese government has approved plans effectively to nationalize TEPCO with a $ 12.5 billion capital injection to save it from bankruptcy . Though no deaths have been attributed to the nuclear accident , the earthquake and tsunami killed more than 15,000 people in northeastern Japan . Japan once again getting power from nuclear energy There have been several investigations into the Fukushima Daiichi disaster . In December , a government-formed panel of investigators released an interim report saying poorly trained operators misread a key backup system and waited too long to start pumping water into overheating reactor units . The government 's 10-member panel , led by Tokyo University engineering professor Yotaro Hatamura , also said neither TEPCO nor government regulators were prepared for the chance that a tsunami could trigger a nuclear disaster . That panel is due to deliver its final report at the end of July . "  We would like to take a good look into both reports and take appropriate measures , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said at a news conference Thursday , referring to the parliament-commissioned report and the government-requested report . Former Japanese leader : ' I felt fear ' during nuclear crisis	NEW : The report makes recommendations to avoid a repeat of the 2011 catastrophe The report criticizes the plant 's operator , regulators and the Japanese government It attributes the cause of the failings to Japan 's culture of "  reflexive obedience " It is one of several investigations into the nuclear crisis that displaced thousands
CNN  -- The new ISIS offensive in the North of Iraq has both shaken the Kurds and threatened the Yazidi minority with not only genocide , but also cultural extinction . In response the United States early Friday morning used airpower against ISIS targets inside Iraq . This is the first use of force against ISIS both since ISIS rebranded from al Qaeda in Iraq and since the departure of U.S. forces at the end of 2011 . So what can U.S. airstrikes accomplish ? Airpower is incredibly potent when properly used , but nearly useless in the wrong situations . ISIS will present both these alternatives in Iraq . Put very simply , airpower is incredibly effective against an enemy who is on the offense . If an enemy -- be it a person or a vehicle or a weapon system -- is on the move and/or fighting , they create a "  signature " that is easy to spot from the air . Since there will be no U.S. forces on the ground as target designators or air controllers , being able to see a target from the air will be crucial . So , a column of ISIS trucks or -- as seen early Friday morning -- a captured artillery piece firing against Kurdish positions , each make easy acquisition . Against these targets , airpower is nearly invincible . One thinks of the devastation released over two decades ago by U.S. airpower on the "  Highway of Death "  albeit these forces were not attacking , but retreating -- but the signature is the same  . So when President Obama talks about targeted airstrikes to protect American personnel in Baghdad or Irbil , he is , in essence , saying that if ISIS attacks toward these cities , we will use airstrikes on their then-vulnerable forces . Note that the President did not say that airstrikes would be used to eject ISIS forces from Mosul or Kirkuk or Fallujah . For in densely populated cities like these , airpower has real limitations . An enemy in defensive positions , particularly in urban terrain , is very difficult to engage with airpower . Even if the target can be hit , the possibility for collateral damage that causes civilian casualties is very real . And if the target is missed , the collateral damage can be exponentially higher , even catastrophic . So while mission creep is always a danger in any war , in this case the chances of it seem rather minimal . The President has chosen one means -- airpower -- and given it a mission at which it excels ; prevent enemy forces from attacking prepared positions , whether in Irbil or Baghdad . This mission is well within the capacity of U.S. airpower . When and if unleashed , U.S. warplanes can absolutely prevent ISIS from moving against these two Iraqi cities . But reclaiming territory from ISIS will be another matter altogether . This will require a unified Iraqi effort -- Arab and Kurd alike -- under a new government with the will , legitimacy and resolve to accept the casualties that a ground offensive will require . We need only look at the U.S. experience in Second Fallujah -- almost 10 years ago now -- to picture what this might look like . Nor will U.S. ground forces be joining in this endeavor . This must be clear . There is no -- zero -- appetite in the U.S. public for such a commitment . To that end , we must hope that Iraq remains on its constitutional timeline so that a new government can be formed and begin the long , hard task of regaining control over its territory . Therefore , new Iraqi President Fuad Masum must charge the largest bloc in the Iraqi parliament with forming a government . Soon . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	U.S. strikes ISIS targets in Iraq to stem the group 's spread Douglas Ollivant : Air power can be very potent when used properly He says it works well to stop the enemy from offensive moves Ollivant : Air power often fails to dislodge forces from defensive positions
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The worst flooding in generations crept deeper into Bangkok Friday as the Thai leader asked residents to come to terms with water everywhere . Cars looked like boats driving on roads turned to rivers . People propped their feet up on coffee tables not for rest but just to keep dry as murky water entered homes . The flooding has claimed 442 lives , the Interior Ministry said . Of Thailand 's 64 provinces , 25 have been affected . Bangkok 's central business district is still dry but other parts of the bustling metropolis of 12 million people are inundated . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra told western Bangkok residents that the water was sure to linger and they must learn to cope , the MCOT news agency reported . She said the real problem was western Bangkok , which has no infrastructure to handle the massive volumes of runoff from provinces farther north soaked by this year 's heavy monsoons . The flooding has had an enormous business impact as many factories and offices have been under water for more than a month . That includes Hi Tech Industrial Park , where Canon and Sony own assembly plants . Thanakit Photong , the site 's safety manager , said he expected to begin pumping water out next week . Srisuda Khunnatham , an employee at the tech park , said she was frightened when she first saw the flooding . "  At first I was afraid that I might be laid off , but my company reassured us , " she said . "  I did n't expect it would be that bad . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Interior Ministry says 442 people have died Thailand 's prime minister asks people to come to terms with the water This is Thailand 's worst flooding in decades
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Secret Service boosted its presence and its surveillance measures around the White House on Monday after an Iraq war veteran , who is apparently suffering from PTSD , jumped over a White House fence . Officers patrolling the area will be out in greater numbers and will be "  looking for individuals who do n't look like tourists , " a federal law enforcement officer told CNN . Two security incidents in two days have raised concerns about the safety at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. On Friday , Omar Gonzalez hopped the north fence and sprinted just past the north portico White House doors when he was stopped , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said . Gonzalez carried a Spyderco VG-10 folding knife with a 3Â 1/2 - inch serrated blade in his pants pocket , according to an affidavit . He allowed authorities to search his car , where police say they found more than 800 rounds of ammunition in boxes and magazines . They also found two hatchets and a machete in his car . A Secret Service officer said he yelled at the intruder to stop . Gonzalez told a Secret Service agent "  that he was concerned that the atmosphere was collapsing and needed to get the information to the President of the United States so that he could get the word out to the people , " according to the affidavit . President Barack Obama and his family were not at home at the time . Friday was not Gonzalez 's first run in with police . In July , he was arrested in Wythe County , Virginia , and charged with possession of a shotgun and a sniper rifle . He was also charged with eluding and evading arrest . In addition , police say they found a map with the White House circled . In late August , Gonzalez was stopped while walking along the White House fence . He carried a hatchet and allowed police to search his car , where they found camping gear and two dogs . He was not arrested then . How the Secret Service could beef up White House security Deteriorating mental state Gonzalez 's former stepson told CNN 's Mary Grace Lucas that Gonzalez is an Iraq war veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . Gonzalez did three tours in Iraq and is a "  great , great guy , " his ex-stepson , Jerry S. Murphy , said . He said the knife that was found in Gonzalez 's pocket was a weapon the veteran routinely carried . Murphy said Gonzalez 's eight-year marriage to Murphy 's mother ended two years ago , confirmed by marriage records . He said he last spoke to Gonzalez around the time of the split but knows that Gonzalez was seeing a therapist on base at Fort Hood in Texas . Murphy said his former stepfather was diagnosed with PTSD and paranoia , and his base psychiatrist had prescribed medication for both conditions . Murphy views Gonzalez as a "  hero " who took great pride in serving his country . But after each deployment , Gonzalez 's mental state seemed to deteriorate , Murphy said . Gonzalez is accused of unlawfully entering a restricted building or grounds while carrying a deadly or dangerous weapon , officials said . He appeared Monday in court , where a judge decided Gonzalez was a flight risk and a potential danger to the President . He will be held in custody until his next hearing , scheduled for October 1 . Minutes before Gonzalez jumped the fence , the President and his daughters left the South Lawn by helicopter . It is not clear where First Lady Michelle Obama was , but officials tell CNN that the family was staying at Camp David , Maryland , for the weekend . Another security incident In the second security incident over the weekend , Kevin Carr is accused of driving up to a security barrier Saturday and trying to walk to and enter the White House . Carr , of Shamong , New Jersey , was arrested and charged with unlawful entry , Leary told CNN . Records show Carr was born in 1995 , making him about 19 years old . According to Leary , the incident happened at the entrance at 15th and E streets , where the driver did not stop when the Secret Service ordered him to do so . The man 's car did not hit the barriers at the entrance , and the driver got out of his vehicle . Carr was arrested after he refused to leave , Leary said . The Obamas were not at home at the time of the second incident either . Criticism of White House security The Secret Service said Gonzalez should have been stopped faster and are investigating personnel and reviewing security policies and procedures . Rep. Peter King , R-New York , demanded a full investigation and called for a congressional hearing to ensure that changes are made . "  There can be a lot of conspiracies against a President . A lot of very complex assassination plots , " King said on Fox News . "  This is the most basic , the most simple type of procedure and how anyone , especially in these days of ISIS , and we 're concerned about terrorist attacks , someone could actually get into the White House without being stopped is inexcusable . " May : Lost driver ends up in White House motorcade In a statement from White House on Saturday night , spokesman Frank Benenati said the President expressed his support for the Secret Service . "  The President has full confidence in the Secret Service and is grateful to the men and women who day in and day out protect himself , his family and the White House , " the statement read . "  The Secret Service is in the process of conducting a thorough review of the event on Friday evening , and we are certain it will be done with the same professionalism and commitment to duty that we and the American people expect from the USSS . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Cassie Spodak , Erin McPike , Mary Kay Mallonee and Evan Perez reported from Washington . Holly Yan and Ashley Fantz reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : A White House fence jumper had more than 800 rounds of ammunition NEW : Omar Gonzalez also reportedly had hatchets and a machete in his car NEW : In August , he was arrested with a map of the White House circled Gonzalez did three tours in Iraq , his mental state worsened after each , his ex-stepson says
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were not in the Florentine appellate court Monday for the opening day of their appeal against their 2009 convictions for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of Kercher 's murder in a highly divisive murder trial that , at times , pitted Americans against Italians who formed two camps . The "  innocentisti " or those who supported Knox 's innocence were convinced the Italian court was corrupt and spoon fed by a very successful public relations campaign out of Seattle , Washington . The "  colpevolisti " were those who thought Knox was culpable in either the murder or the perceived cover up . Kercher was found semi-nude in a student apartment she shared with Knox and two Italian women . In an early interrogation , Knox confessed to being in the house when Kercher was killed , describing her screams in vivid detail . She later retracted the confession and accused Perugia police of hitting her on the back of the head . Giuliano Mignini , the Perugia prosecutor who won the original conviction and then lost the appeal also did not attend Monday 's hearing , but almost everyone else from the original trials was there , including Patrick Lumumba , the Congolese bartender Knox originally accused of Kercher 's murder . Lumumba attended almost every hearing of the earlier trials and his presence underscored the complexity of the case . "  I am proof that Amanda Knox is a liar , " he told CNN on Monday . "  That 's why I am here . " Lumumba spent several weeks in jail after Knox accused him of Kercher 's murder , and he definitively won a defamation suit against her , for which she was ordered to pay $ 22,000  $ 29,800  for his court costs . His lawyer Carlo Pacelli told the court Monday that Knox had not yet paid that fine . There were even locals from Perugia who were fixtures in the public gallery during the original trials who made the trip to Florence to see the story through . Amanda Knox : ` I 'm afraid to go back ' to Italy Serious place The presiding judge , Alessandro Nencini , and the assisting judge , Luciana Cicerchia , oversaw the proceedings in the austere Justice Palace in a nondescript suburb of Florence , far away from the tourist attractions like the Ponte Vecchio and Duomo . Six lay judges and two alternates -- who act more as conscientious objectors to bring the voice of the people to the judicial proceeding than as American-style jurors who have absolute voting power -- were draped in sashes with the colors of the Italian flag . The presiding judge , whose deep baritone voice filled the courtroom , interrupted the lawyers when they were long-winded , and had little patience for any distractions in the court . Only once , when a journalist 's mobile phone rang out the Rossini music used as the "  Lone Ranger " theme tune -- which gave prosecutor Alessandro Crini a momentary case of the giggles -- did the mood lighten . The rest of the time , Nencini 's court was a serious place . The court is meeting to hear a new appeal by Knox and Sollecito , whose 2011 acquittal was overturned by Italy 's Supreme Court based on what judges said were "  shortcomings , contradictions and inconsistencies , " writing in their final reasoning "  too many questions remain unanswered . " Half of all cases in Italy are altered some way during the appellate process , so Knox 's case is not an anomaly . Francesco Maresca , the lawyer representing Kercher , told CNN : "  The high court ruling will be the guide the defense teams for Knox and Sollecito will need to follow to try to win another acquittal . " The session began with the judge reading out the facts of the case , beginning with the discovery of Kercher 's semi-nude body in the apartment she shared with Knox in 2007 , and ending with the Supreme Court 's decision to overturn the acquittal . Nencini also read the details of the Rudy Guede aspect of the case . Guede , an Ivory Coast native who was convicted in a fast-track trial for his role in Kercher 's murder in 2008 , has been definitively convicted for his role in the murder in the case , passing the first degree , appeal and high court , which is necessary for any case in Italy to be considered definitive . The court ruled that he was one of three murderers , but did not name the other two . Guede 's sentence was reduced from 30 to 16 years on appeal meaning he will be eligible for parole in 2016 . The discovery of Guede 's fingerprints in Kercher 's bedroom is what led to Lumumba 's release . Knox concedes being ` tone-deaf ' in days after roommate 's murder Defense requests Nencini then asked for the defense teams to list their requests for the court , which included retesting some of the crucial evidence in the case , like Kercher 's bra clasp on which Sollecito 's DNA was found , but which had been left for 47 days in the murder room before it was collected . The judge did not allow the retesting of the clasp . The defense teams also asked that a suspect stain , which was referred to as the "  sperm stain " on a pillow found under Kercher 's body be tested . During the original trial , investigators chose to test a bloody foot print on the pillow instead of the stain because they presumed it was old stain , and most likely from Kercher 's boyfriend . They also wanted to take another look at what they called the lack of evidence of a clean-up by Knox and Sollecito . The judge again denied the requests . The judge did agree to accept three of the defense 's requests . One was to retest a knife found in Sollecito 's apartment with Knox 's DNA on the handle and what was found to be Kercher 's DNA in a groove on the blade . The blade sample was too small to retest , so the results were not considered valid by the original appellate court . The new appellate judge agreed to have another stain on the knife , which had never been tested , subjected to forensic review . Aviello testimony The new appellate court also ruled to accept the testimony from Luciano Aviello , a witness who testified in the first appeal . Luciano Aviello -- who served time with Sollecito in jail -- had written to the court to say that his brother Antonio had killed Kercher and that the knife he had used was buried in a garden in Perugia . He testified in court : "  My brother came in and sat on the sofa . The right arm of his jacket was ripped and he could see blood on his arm . My brother then pulled out a pocket knife and a set of keys . He was very afraid . He did n't want to create problems for me in Perugia . My brother was very emotional . " He said that his brother then buried the murder weapon in a garden . Aviello 's brother is currently on the run , according to Perugia police who tried to find him to investigate the allegations . The defense asked that Luciano Aviello 's testimony be heard again since Perugia police apparently did not investigate the mysterious claim . The new appellate judge also accepted a request to enter into evidence photos of Sollecito 's bitten fingernails taken the day after the murder . A lawyer for Sollecito , Luca Maori , told CNN that the photos proved that Sollecito did not have enough nail to successfully pry off the clasp of Kercher 's bra . "  He bit his nails , " Maori said . "  There is no way he could have unclasped the bra . " The court adjourned until Friday , October 4 , when Aviello will testify and investigators from the RIS -- Italy 's department of defense staff information and security -- in Rome will be given the mandate to retest the knife . Knox says she will not attend the trial , but Sollecito is expected to attend some sessions , his father said . An appeal verdict is expected by the end of the year . Opinion : What Knox can and ca n't tell us	Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were in 2009 convicted of Meredith Kercher 's murder In 2011 , they were acquitted of the crime , but in March 2013 Italy 's high court ordered a retrial The retrial began in Florence Monday but has been adjourned until October 4 Kercher 's body was found in 2007 in the Perugia flat she and Knox shared with two others
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tracy Morgan 's mother says she struggled for years to provide the comedian with everything he needed as a child , but now that she 's out of work and facing foreclosure he 's refusing to help her . Alicia Morgan , in a phone interview with CNN Wednesday , said she called her son last month to say she needed $ 25,000 to pay off her mortgage , but his assistant called back and told her , "  Tracy would do a one shot deal of $ 2,000 . " "  I was so upset , I told her to tell Tracy ` Thank you , but no thanks . I am not some person on the street asking you for a handout , I am your mother , ' " she said . "  And that was the end of that . " His sister , Asia Morgan , said their mother needs his help soon "  so she does n't end up on the streets . " Their mother lost her job last year , reducing her income to $ 600 a month and causing her to fall behind on her $ 400 monthly mortgage on her Youngstown , Ohio , home , her daughter said . "  If her mortgage is not paid by February 23 , 2012 , her home will go into foreclosure , " she said . Tracy Morgan , meanwhile , released a statement to CNN Wednesday night saying he was "  saddened that these untrue stories about me have people questioning my commitment to my family . " The one-paragraph statement continued , "  For reasons that are between us , I have not seen my Mother in 11 years and outside of a random call here and there have had little to no contact with my sister . We all have personal family issues that we have to deal with in life , but I choose to deal with mine in private and not through the media . " In her interview with CNN , Alicia Morgan said her son offered to pay her mortgage after she was laid off from her job last year . "  I faxed him my account number and my mortgage papers , " Alicia Morgan said . "  I thought he was paying it , but after a few months I realized he did n't pay it off . " His mother said she heard through another relative that her son was angry about publicity given to the story . "  My nephew said that he spoke to Tracy and that Tracy said he was n't going to pay me because I gave an interview , " his mother said . "  I never talked to anyone . " Alicia Morgan has five children with Morgan 's late father , Asia Morgan said . "  She has asked all of her children for help , but we are no in a position to do so , " she said . "  We all have jobs , but Tracy is the only one in a position to help . " Their mother , now 62 , says she has trouble walking , has diabetes and her unemployment benefits just expired . "  It took me 30 years or more to buy a home , " she said . "  At times I worked two to three jobs to support my children . They always got what they wanted , including Tracy . No one took care of them but me . " Tracy Morgan , 43 , grew up in Brooklyn , but his mother moved the family to Youngstown in 1995 , a decade after he left home , his sister said . He rose to fame as a "  Saturday Night Live " cast member and now stars on NBC 's hit sitcom "  30 Rock . " "  We have tried to get in contact with my brother Tracy , but he changes his phone number all the time , so we have no way of talking to him , " she said . His mother said she did not understand why Morgan "  chose himself not to be with the family . " "  No one did anything to him , " she said . " ... I am not trying to hurt Tracy . I love my children to death . "	NEW : Tracy Morgan says he 's not seen mother in 11 years "  for reasons that are between us " "  I am not some person on the street ... I am your mother , ' " she says she told him Alicia Morgan 's Ohio home faces foreclosure this month , her daughter says
CNN  -- The Mars rover Curiosity will get to try out its scoop this weekend , according to current NASA plans . "  The request that the engineers made to the scientists was : Find us a good sandbox , a good sand pit , to play in here , on our way to Glenelg , " said Mike Watkins , Curiosity mission manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , at a press conference Thursday . "  This site , Rocknest , is exactly that . " The vehicle is currently parked 400 meters as the crow flies from Bradbury Landing , where it landed on August 6 . It will likely stay there for another two weeks , with scooping to begin on Saturday . Curiosity rotated its wheel around the sandy material where it is to make sure that it was loose , dry soil , Watkins said . The rover will use its instruments to further determine what this sand is made of , to make sure it meets the scientists ' needs . The sand also serves as a sort of "  mouthwash " for Curiosity to finish cleaning out its hardware , NASA experts said . There are five tools at the end of the rover 's robotic arm . The Collection and Handling for Interior Martian Rock Analysis mechanism does scooping , processing and sample drop-off . What we 've done on Mars , and what 's next Although the hardware was clean when it was assembled at NASA facilities , it 's impossible to avoid an oily film that accumulates as a result of being on Earth , said Daniel Limonadi , a sampling expert at JPL . The sample analysis instrument on Curiosity is so sensitive that it needs this film scrubbed away . The handling of sand sample will be used as a way to accomplish this , Limonadi said . Effectively , the rover will vibrate the sand on sensitive hardware surfaces to sand-blast them , then spit the material out and repeat three times . Scientists were looking for a "  boring " and "  safe " Martian sand dune for this purpose to make sure that it would n't do something weird such as turn to paste or absorb water , Limonadi said . The rover will be performing an X-ray diffraction experiment , using a device called ChemMin , to help detect the minerals present in the sample . This technique has never been done before on Mars , said Ashwin Vasavada , deputy project scientist for the rover mission . "  Even the most boring sand on Mars is going to be a new result in that respect . " Mission specialists say the rover will probably end up at Glenelg around the rover 's 90th Martian day , and then Curiosity will pause to try out its drilling system . There will be a similar cleaning activity for the drill . Days on Mars are about 40 minutes longer than on Earth , and the people working on the mission are still living on "  Mars time . " In its first two months on Mars , Curiosity stumbled upon an area where it appears that water once flowed in a vigorous stream . Scientists say the rover spotted rock outcrops that seem to have formed in the presence of water , with rounded gravels that may have been transported by water . But the rover did not linger at these sites . Instead , drivers proceeded to command Curiosity to continue moving toward Glenelg , a site of scientific interest because it contains three types of terrain , including layered bedrock . "  We think there 's even better versions of that same material at Glenelg , at least that 's the hypothesis , " Vasavada said . If that does n't pan out , Curiosity can visit some of the outcrops it 's already passed on the way back . After Glenelg , Curiosity is bound for a 3-mile-high mountain called Mount Sharp , composed of layers of sediment that have built up over time . These layers may hold organic molecules , indicating that at one time life could have subsisted . Also this week , Curiosity checked in on Mars using the mobile application Foursquare . While no human will be overthrowing the rover 's check-in supremacy anytime soon , users of Foursquare can score a Curiosity-themed badge when checking in at certain science-y locations . This program will go into effect later this year . Read more about the Mars rover on CNN 's Light Years blog	"  Find us a sandbox , " engineers asked scientists Curiosity will scoop up sand for mineral analysis and to clean some hardware The rover is on its way to a site called Glenelg
CNN  -- From Brazil to Malaysia , Thailand to Canada , electronic music festivals are springing up worldwide as record labels and promoters push for a dance revolution with a new beat . Major players in electronic music -- an industry worth an estimated $ 4.5 billion -- are shipping festival brands to emerging markets in Asia and South America in an effort to increase the music genre 's following . Speaking in an exclusive interview with CNN , superstar DJ David Guetta said : "  We are keeping that scene alive and always exciting . " The french music producer -- who has 45 million Facebook fans -- added : "  I think it 's going to grow even bigger because if I look at the history of Hip Hop ... they are 2 musical genres that you can compare because they both came from the underground then became trendy . " Read more : Spotify founder : I 'm not music 's savior But he admitted that electronic music has a long way to go before it 's as successful as Hip Hop , an urban street genre . Festivals such as Tomorrowland and Sensation White -- a leading dance event which will visit 22 cities worldwide in 2013 -- are rolling out to new markets to give audiences the chance to listen to electronic music . Watch more : Music industry is bullish for 2013 In July , 180,000 music fans massed on the small Belgian town of ` Boom ' for Tomorrowland -- one of world 's largest music festivals -- as gig enthusiasts from 214 countries flew in for a 3-day bonanza of electronic dance music . Festival organizers ID&T even teamed up with Brussels Airlines to arrange 140 flights from every continent to Belgium . Read more : What makes a top music tribute ? At 30,000 feet , fans were treated to an in-flight DJ , allowing them to party to their favourite electro beats in transit . This unique approach is all part of ID&T 's strategy to take electronic music global . After eight successful years , the entertainment company is planning to host its first Tomorrowland festival outside Belgium in Chattahoochee Hills in Atlanta . Speaking at the International Music Summit  IMS  in Ibiza in May , ID&T boss Duncan Stutterheim said electronic music has "  no language barriers , " adding that the company is going to "  enjoy a nice ride " in the next 10 years . "  We are talking finally to India , to Japan , to China , to Malaysia . We did a tour in Thailand ... They all want to do the festivals so we are in a luxury position , " Stutterheim said in his speech . Tomorrowland already has 4 million social media followers and over 80 million people watched the after-movie of the concert online . According to a report by industry consultant Kevin Watson , who produced the IMS Business Report , over half the electronic dance industry 's value , approximately $ 2.5 billion , comes from live clubs and festivals . Speaking in Ibiza , he said : "  We 've got recorded music , we think that 's worth $ 1.25 billion and we 've got a couple of other things , sales of hardware and software , brand sponsorship and everything else linked to Dance is getting ridiculously popular . So we think that 's worth at least another three quarters of a billion . " Marc Geiger , head of music at William Morris Endeavor , one of the first agencies to start a dedicated electronic division about six years ago , believes industry growth is providing firms with new resources . But he warns : " It 's big money now and with big money comes a bigger responsibility of growing up . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	French DJ Guetta says electro music has a long way to go before it 's as successful as Hip Hop , an urban genre In July , 180,000 music fans massed on the small Belgian town of ` Boom ' for the Tomorrowland festival Tomorrowland already has 4 million social media followers and over 80 million people watched the after-movie
CNN  -- Being a green employer is n't just good for the environment , it could also help a business attract the best and brightest staff . Going green in your office is easy , say the authors of ` True Green @ Work ' . The 2006 Hayes Best Employer Survey showed that nearly 75 percent of 20-year-olds will not apply for a job unless if they are uncomfortable with a companies values . And for individuals , being more environmentally minded at work is easy , says Kim McKay and Jenny Bonnin , authors of "  True Green at Work " . Below are their ten tips to be greener in the office . 1  Keep a mug at work for coffee rather than using disposable cups . 2  Switch to using long-life refillable pens made from recycled plastic , paper or timber , or from fully biodegradable bioplastic  derived from cornstarch  . 3  Choose recycled paper , rather than paper made from virgin timber - it makes up 70 percent of office waste . 4  Set your printer to double-sided copies to save paper . 5  Keep a paper recycling tray in addition to your waste bin . 6  Bring your own lunch to work in a reusable container to reduce packaging waste . 7  Remove your phone charger from the power point when not in use , as it continues to consume up to 40 percent of the current used to charge your phones . 8  Set your computer to sleep if you are away from your desk for more than 10 minutes , which reduces power consumption to about 5 percent of full operating power . 9  Look to maximize the natural light in your office , rather than relying on artificial light . 10  Join the environmental or sustainable committee in your workplace . If one does not exist , take the initiative and form a green task force .	Authors of True Green @ Work offer 10 tips for greener office life Many are simple to archive , but small steps can make a big difference Joining your workplace environmental committee a more progressive step Click here for more ways to go green in the office
At least 15 boys were killed when Syrian forces dropped a barrel bomb on a mosque operating as a makeshift school in Aleppo , the opposition Syrian Coalition said Wednesday . Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel , which are then dropped from the sky . Tuesday 's attack is the second barrel bomb raid in two days in the northern Syrian city , which has become a flashpoint of the country 's civil war . "  Each and every day that the barrel-bombing of Aleppo continues , the Assad regime reminds the world of its true colors , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement after the attack . "  Each and every barrel bomb filled with metal shrapnel and fuel launched against innocent Syrians underscores the barbarity of a regime that has turned its country into a super magnet for terror . " Later , Kerry defended U.S. policy toward Syria in an exclusive interview on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " However , he did not dispute entirely a U.S. intelligence assessment that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has regained some footing since agreeing to turn over chemical weapons to the international community to avoid possible military action against his regime . "  It 's fair to say that Assad has improved his position a little bit , yes , " Kerry said . "  But he 's still not winning . This is a stalemate . " Barrel bomb toll On Monday , 26 people were killed , the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . And over the weekend , barrel bombs killed 126 people there . "  The mosque was being used as a school after all schools in the area were either hit or brimming with internally displaced civilians , " Khalid Saleh of the Syrian Coalition said about Tuesday 's attack . "  Giving up on learning was not an option for these children , but the hatred of the Assad regime was blind enough to deprive them not only from their right to education but also from their right to live . " Opinion : A terror group too brutal for al Qaeda ? ` Children , there are children ' Opposition groups have blamed the attacks on al-Assad . The Syrian government has previously said that military operations are targeting "  terrorist groups " in neighborhoods of the city . Videos posted online after the attack on the Othman Bin Affan mosque Tuesday showed angry residents , arms raised to the sky , cursing at al-Assad . "  Children , there are children , " some shouted . One man , standing in front of a child 's body , sobbed , "  Oh God , we 've had enough . " "  Why us , " a child told an activist who filmed the aftermath of the attack . "  We are not rebel fighters , we are children . " CNN can not independently verify the death tolls or the authenticity of the videos . The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since fighting began in 2011 . Report : Syria to ship toxic agents 90 killed in punishing air raids in Syria 's Aleppo Al Qaeda ` disowns ' affiliate , blaming it for disaster in Syria	Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel 26 people were killed Monday ; 126 over the weekend "  Oh God , we 've had enough , " one man sobbed Kerry says al-Assad has strengthened his hand , but he 's "  still not winning "
EW.com  -- Tuesday night 's Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show was chock full of buxom beauties , bedazzled bras and Beliebers . The sexiest night on television opened with a bang and kept its momentum alive throughout the show thanks to the musical stylings of Rihanna , Bruno Mars and Justin Bieber . Photos : 2012 Victoria 's Secret fashion show Here are the top 10 moments of the night : 1 . Circus Act Ringmaster Adriana Lima opened the show in style . After the shock wore off that it was humanly possible to be that fit two months after giving birth , I became more aware of the show 's aesthetics . A bizarre song mix and circus motif , marked by the Angels ' mime and clown costumes and professional aerial contortionists , made the first runway walk truly memorable . As The Doors ' "  Break on Through  To the Other Side  " blended into Missy Elliott 's "  Get Ur Freak On , " I had a clear vision of what the rest of the night would hold : rock & roll and sex . 2 . Diamonds and Lace Even with a bevy of semi-naked ladies strutting beside her , Rihanna managed to steal the show with her first performance of the night . Wearing a black , strapless , corseted dress , the songstress was dressed more demurely than usual but sill looked smokin ' hot thanks to her gown 's high slit and garters . EW.com : Rihanna , Bieber and more perform at Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show 3 . The Show Must Go On In the most dramatic moment of the night , an Angel lost her ... hat . The behind-the-scenes cameras followed model Erin Heatherton backstage as a team of stylists struggled to pin her top hat to her head . Dressed as "  baby New Year " to open the calendar girls segment of the show , a reluctant Heatherton was forced to take the plunge with an incomplete look . How could the audience possibly have known that she represented January without that pink hat ? 4 . Retro Fit Bruno Mars may have been singing "  Locked Out of Heaven , " but he was surrounded by Angels on stage . Accompanied by a live band , Mars fit the part of an old-school musician in the 1950s-themed calendar girls segment . He probably landed on Santa 's naughty list by flirting with the scantily clad Mrs. Claus , but we love him just the way he is . 5 . Bieber Fever Before the barely-legal Biebs hit the stage , he salivated over the girls coming off the runway backstage while the VS Angels sang his praises to the camera . If that was n't disturbing enough , the models also swooned in the background during his performances . EW.com : Victoria 's Secret pink carpet pics 6 . Making a Belieber Out of You The pop sensation 's acoustic rendition of "  As Long As You Love Me " was the only performance of the night not accompanied by a runway show . I was surprised by the age appropriateness of the act until the Pink Ball commenced and the teen broke into "  Beauty and a Beat . " Nicki Minaj was n't there to show off her assets so Bieber resorted to exchanging smoldering glances with the models instead . 7 . Pop Culture Pizzazz Aside from Bieber 's futuristic "  3012â $ ³ space look , a few other odd outfits caught my eye during the Pink Ball . There was Dorothy from "  The Wizard of Oz , " who was business in the front , party in the back ; a sexy Buzz Lightyear from "  Toy Story " ; and an angel in a bicycle handlebar-ed vest , prompting the question , "  can you ride your bike with no handlebars ? " 8 . Silver Screen Sirens Mars returned to the stage for a performance of "  Young Wild Girls " in my favorite segment of the night . The wings -- along with feather plumes , headdresses and sequins -- finally came out as the girls strutted their stuff in the show 's most extravagant costumes . Whether evoking old Hollywood glamour or Renaissance decadence , the girls dazzled in diamonds and slow-motion sequences . Yes , the Angels are young and wild , but Rihanna 's "  Diamonds " would have been a more appropriate song choice . EW.com : 11 years of fantasy bras from ` Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show ' 9 . Model Behavior The show featured a short segment spotlighting South African model and Italian Vogue cover girl Candice Swanepoel . Aside from allowing her to be both seen and heard  it 's safe to say that she did n't attend the Milford School  , the video was further proof that Victoria 's Secret should change its name to Model United Nations . 10 . Angels in Bloom After changing into a sheer , lingerie-style getup , Rihanna closed the show with her new single "  Fresh Off the Runway . " She faded more into the background this time around due to the trapeze acts and life-size flowers barging down the runway . Of course , Alessandra Ambrosio looked flawless in her $ 2.5 million floral fantasy bra  now that 's a push-up !  . I initially thought the bra was too over-the-top , even by VS standards , but it fit the floral theme and looked relatively ordinary compared to her stunning , over-sized orchid wings . Although a lesser known flower  and model  , Lily Aldridge won the prize for the most adorable costume of the segment with a tiger lily skit with lily pad wings . Claude Monet must have been stirring in his grave . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show aired on Tuesday night Rihanna , Justin Bieber and Bruno Mars performed The most dramatic moment included an Angel losing her hat
CNN  -- Cars remain where they were crushed by falling walls two years ago , drink vending machines stand in gloomy isolation outside shuttered shops and traffic lights still blink amber in deserted streets . It might sound like the Hollywood setting for a post-apocalyptic dystopia but in Namie-machi , Fukushima , the scene of desolation is all too real . Two years after Fukushima 's nuclear power plant meltdown forced the 22,000 residents of Namie to flee -- snap-freezing the ordinary Japanese town at the moment the disaster struck on March 11 , 2011 -- Google Street View has posted striking images of the devastation inside Fukushima 's 12-mile evacuation zone . "  Most of the damage that we all remember and saw was the tsunami damage because it was much more drastic , " said David Marx , head of product communications , Google Asia-Pacific , who accompanied the Google Street View vehicle as it took 360-degree pictures along Namie 's gloomily abandoned and overgrown streets . "  The earthquake , even though it was big , there was very little seen of just earthquake-damaged buildings -- so many buildings were either completely demolished or tilted or bent . " He said the scenes became even more dramatic as the Google vehicles approached the city 's waterways . "  That area right next to the river is just covered in boats -- there are just huge piles of wreckage that have n't been cleaned up , " he said . "  It 's pretty intense to see . " Google 's Street View cars began taking the images this month at the invitation of the city mayor who wanted a way for evacuated residents , many of whom are still in temporary accommodation , to take a virtual tour of their abandoned properties . "  Two years have passed since the disaster , but people still are n't allowed to enter Namie-machi , " Mayor Tamotsu Baba said on Google 's official blog . "  Many of the displaced townspeople have asked to see the current state of their city , and there are surely many people around the world who want a better sense of how the nuclear incident affected surrounding communities . " Marx said the Google drivers took precautions and their cars were monitored in line with the Fukushima Prefecture and Namie-machi guidelines . "  I was wearing protective gear , " he said . "  The good news is that it 's safer to be in a car than out . " While a recent WHO report says the cancer risk from Fukushima is low , Japanese authorities are taking no chances . The 12-mile exclusion zone is likely to remain in place for the foreseeable future and Mayor Baba concedes that generations of Namie residents may never see their homes again . "  Those of us in the older generation feel that we received this town from our forbearers , and we feel great pain that we can not pass it down to our children , " he said on the blog . "  We want this Street View imagery to become a permanent record of what happened to Namie-machi in the earthquake , tsunami and nuclear disaster . " Authorities took more than a month to begin looking for bodies in Namie due to the danger of radiation . "  After being set off-limits , we have not been able to clean up the wreckage on the side of the road , including the many fishing boats that were washed several kilometers inland , " Baba said "  Ever since the March disaster , the rest of the world has been moving forward , and many places in Japan have started recovering . But in Namie-machi time stands still . With the lingering nuclear hazard , we have only been able to do cursory work for two whole years . "	Google Street View has taken street pictures of Namie-machi , Fukushima The city has been a ghost town since the Fukushima nuclear meltdown two years ago Mayor Tamotsu Baba wanted a way for residents to see their properties Japanese authorities set up a 12-mile evacuation zone around the stricken power plant in 2011
White Oak , Maryland  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration announced Friday it will deny the National Resources Defense Council 's petition asking it to prohibit the use of bisphenol A , commonly known as BPA , in products manufactured in the United States . However , the federal agency stressed the announcement is not a final safety determination and it continues to support research examining the safety of BPA . In 2008 , the council submitted a petition asking the FDA to regulate the use of BPA in human food and food packaging . The FDA had been silent since the petition was filed more than 41 months ago . The council finally , last December , sued the administration to get some form of action . Friday 's announcement is a response to that suit . BPA is a chemical used in many consumer products , including clear and hard plastics called polycarbonate used in water and soda bottles , as well as in the resin linings of food and beverage cans and containers of infant formula . The Natural Resources Defense Council responded by saying it believes the FDA "  made the wrong call . " "  BPA is a toxic chemical that has no place in our food supply , " said a statement from Dr. Sarah Janssen , a senior scientist in the council 's public health program . "  The agency has failed to protect our health and safety in the face of scientific studies that continue to raise disturbing questions about the long-term effects of BPA exposures , especially in fetuses , babies and young children , " the statement said . "  The FDA is out of step with scientific and medical research . This illustrates the need for a major overhaul of how the government protects us against dangerous chemicals . " The Natural Resources Defense Council says the FDA 's approval of BPA for use in packaging food "  results in human exposure " to the chemical and is "  dangerous to those who use the products . " It says studies have linked BPA exposure to a number of dangerous side effects , including defects in newborns , harm to the central nervous system , increased rates of prostate and breast cancer , and metabolic changes in the body that lead to obesity and insulin resistance , which are the main causes of diabetes . In a separate news release , the council noted a group of 38 scientific experts recently published a statement saying the evidence of adverse effects of low doses of BPA from laboratory experiments on mice "  is a great cause for concern with regard to the potential for similar adverse effects in humans . " The FDA , which has been getting pressure regarding BPA exposure from other food safety groups as well the Natural Resources Defense Council , is working to remove the chemical from baby bottles and sippy cups , steps already taken by some states , such as California . Many food manufacturers have removed or are considering removing BPA from their packaging . Campbell Soup Co. recently announced it would be taking BPA out of its cans . Also , a growing body of research looking at subtle effects of low levels of BPA exposure has led the National Toxicology Program at the National Institutes of Health and the FDA to announce it has "  some concern " about the potential effects of BPA "  on the brain , behavior , and prostate gland in fetuses , infants and young children . " However , in the FDA announcement Friday the agency noted that , in response to the petition , while evidence from some studies have raised questions as to whether BPA may be associated with a variety of health effects , there remain serious questions about these studies , particularly as they relate to humans and the public health impact of BPA . The agency also stressed that it "  has been studying and continues to study the effects of BPA and will make any necessary changes to BPA 's status based on the science . " It said the agency "  is working toward completion of another updated safety review on BPA this year to include all relevant studies and publications . "	The FDA says the decision does not represent a final safety determination The National Resources Defense Council pressed the agency to respond to its request for a ban The agency says there are serious questions about studies showing BPA 's effects Bisphenol A is a chemical used in bottles , cans and other containers
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles has produced a "  personal tribute " to his mother , Queen Elizabeth II , that will air Friday to kick off celebrations of her 60th anniversary on the throne , his office announced Thursday . The tribute draws on home movies and photographs from the royal family 's personal collection , with Charles providing his own recollections , Clarence House -- Charles ' official residence -- reported . The film is scheduled to air on the BBC on Friday evening , ahead of Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee events . "  The Diamond Jubilee gives us the chance to celebrate with pride all that the Queen means to us -- whether as a nation or as one of her children , " Charles says in the documentary . The progam will feature behind-the-scenes footage of Elizabeth 's formal coronation in 1953 ; of Charles and his sister , Princess Anne , playing on the beach as children ; and royal life at Windsor and Balmoral dating back to the 1940s . "  Although much of the film is rooted in childhood memories , the Prince is keen to take this opportunity to pay tribute to his mother throughout her reign , from the moment she became Queen on safari in Kenya through to last year 's historic visit to Ireland , " a statement from Clarence House announced . Only one other British monarch -- Queen Victoria , who reigned from from 1837 to 1901 -- has served as head of state as long .	Prince Charles shares behind-the-scenes movies , pics in tribute to queen The documentary will air Friday on the BBC Elizabeth II marks her Diamond Jubilee this weekend Celebrations will mark her 60th anniversary on the throne
CNN  -- Hosts Argentina needed a stunning late strike from substitute Sergio Aguero to salvage a 1-1 draw against Bolivia in the Copa America opener Friday night . Argentina could not break down the underdogs in the first half and just two minutes after the break it was Bolivia who took a shock lead as Edivaldo Rojas backheeled a corner past Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero . Marcelo Martins might have put the game out of Argentina 's reach as he beat the offside trap but Romero was alert to push the ball away from him before saving a follow-up effort . A jittery Argentina , with Lionel Messi well below his best , had to wait until 13 minutes from time for the equalizer . Nicolas Burdisso chested down a cross from Marcos Rojo and Atletico Madrid star Aguero volleyed home spectacularly . Aguero had a late chance to give the hosts an undeserved win but Bolivia goalkeeper Carlos Arias saved smartly . The opening match of the 12-team tournament was held in La Plata and a win for Argentina , with the likes of Messi and Carlos Tevez in their ranks , was considered almost a foregone conclusion by the home faithful . But Bolivia played to the standard that had seen them humiliate Argentina 6-1 in the high altitude of La Paz during the last round of World Cup qualifying . "  It is not what we expected , now we must improve and win our remaining matches , " Barcelona star Messi told gathered reporters after the draw . Argentina 's arch-rivals Brazil will be looking to win their fifth Copa America title in six and open against Venezuela on Sunday . The 12 teams are divided into three groups of four , with the top two in each group and the two best third-placed teams reaching the quarterfinal knockout stage .	Copa America hosts Argentina held 1-1 by Bolivia in tournament opener Sergio Aguero 's late strike spares blushes of home team in La Plata Brazil open against Venezuela on Sunday bidding for fifth Copa title in six
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Juana Reyes did n't think that selling chicken , pork and chili cheese tamales would buy her a one-way ticket out of the country . But it just might . Reyes is a Sacramento , California , woman who the media is calling "  the tamale lady . " A 46-year-old single mother of two and illegal immigrant , Reyes faces deportation by the Obama administration . So what 's the problem ? Are n't illegal immigrants supposed to be deported ? Sure . But there are rules to the game , and the administration keeps breaking them . This case undermines the claim that the immigration crackdown is targeting hardened criminals . Reyes ' trouble started on June 28 when she was arrested outside a Walmart by Sacramento County Sheriff 's deputies and charged with trespassing and interfering with a business . What exactly was the interference ? Reyes is unemployed . She was selling tamales so she could buy food and clothes for her two children -- 10-year-old Cesar and 7-year-old Montserrat , both of whom were born in the United States . News : Young immigrants prepare for new U.S. deportation policy Think about it . This woman was n't holding a handmade sign that read : "  Will work for food . " She was working by making food and selling it . Reyes says that she was a familiar presence in the parking lot , and that her customers included Walmart employees . On this day , she was asked to leave , by a security guard and a sheriff 's deputy . She did leave , but she returned when she saw other vendors outside the store . She was arrested . Suspecting Reyes was in the country illegally , the sheriff 's deputies handcuffed the mother and placed her children in a squad car and drove them to the sheriff 's station . Then they called Immigration and Customs Enforcement , which put a "  hold " on her that resulted in her being locked up in the county jail for nearly two weeks without a lawyer . When ICE agents finally visited the jail , they determined she was in fact in the country illegally and took her into custody and put her children in foster care while she was being detained . Now Reyes is awaiting deportation . Really ? Handcuffing her for trespassing ? Holding a woman for nearly two weeks without a lawyer ? What were these people thinking ? News : Breaking down the Supreme Court decision on Arizona 's immigration law All for selling tamales . Some will insist that Reyes is actually being punished for coming into the United States illegally . But this woman only came to the attention of federal authorities because local law enforcement officers arrested her for an infraction that would have normally resulted in a slap on the wrist . And the reason that she was arrested was because she was selling tamales . Judging from media reports , some people in Sacramento agree that the feds are overdoing it , and say that local cops ought not be accomplices . But , for many others , the conversation stopped when they heard Reyes was living in the country illegally -- perhaps for as long as 20 years . They think she got what she deserved . What kind of immigration policy does America deserve ? The presidential candidates offer a choice : Hands off , or all thumbs . Democrats mock Mitt Romney 's claim that , if jobs dry up , illegal immigrants will "  self deport " and take their children with them . The Obama administration likes to give the impression that it has a more humane approach . Instead of illegal immigrants voluntarily taking their children to their home countries with them , the kids are seized by authorities and given to other people through the foster care system . When it comes to immigration , Obama is a bully . He 's trying to build support with conservatives and organized labor by deporting as many illegal immigrants as possible , nearly 1.5 million since taking office . The administration accomplished this feat by arm-twisting localities and states into participating in a dreadful program called Secure Communities . It requires that local law enforcement submit to federal authorities the fingerprints of people they arrest who they suspect are in the country illegally . Navarrette : ` Illegal immigrant ' is the uncomfortable truth Guess whom those local cops , many of whom have no training in the enforcement of immigration law , often suspect ? Latinos . That 's ethnic profiling . In fact , last year , a report by U.C. Berkeley 's Chief Justice Earl Warren Institute on Law and Social Policy confirmed that Secure Communities disproportionately targets Latinos . The law enforcement partnership was initially marketed as voluntary -- until states like New York and Massachusetts tried to opt out , and then suddenly it became mandatory . It was also supposed to concentrate only on violent criminals -- until we learned that it also ensnared scores of folks without criminal records such as gardeners , housekeepers , nannies , traffic violators -- and yes , tamale vendors . Recently , a group of three national immigration advocacy groups claimed to have found evidence that , in California , Secure Communities is n't just reserved for violent criminals . Under the Freedom of Information Act , the groups obtained e-mails between the FBI and the state of California that allegedly show that the program has resulted in the deportation of people who have never been arrested . Navarrette : How Arizona law hurts Hispanic citizens This being an election year , President Obama is trying to downplay the deportations and convince Latino voters that his administration has become more lenient . In June , Obama himself announced what was billed as a major policy change at the Department of Homeland Security where so-called DREAM ` ers who met certain qualifications would be spared deportation and issued work permits . To qualify , candidates had to be under age 31 , have come to the United States before age 16 , have lived here for at least five years , have no criminal record , and either be in school , a high school graduate , or a military veteran . Reyes does n't meet all those qualifications . Obama 's Latino defenders buy the line that this is a kinder and gentler administration . They 'll buy anything to keep from admitting that they made a mistake in 2008 and helped put in office the most anti-immigrant president in a half century . Navarrette : For immigrants and opponents , court 's ruling hits their real lives But on the ground , in immigrant communities , they know better . They know that it is business as usual . And they can point to the miscarriages of justice that prove it . Just ask the tamale lady . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Juana Reyes was arrested after selling tamales near a Wal-Mart store in Sacramento Ruben Navarrette says her potential deportation is a case study of policy gone wrong He says Obama adminstration has used mass deportations as a tool to gain support Navarrette : Administration should do as it says , focus on deporting hardened criminals
London  CNN  -- Two former News of the World editors , Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson , were told Wednesday they will face trial in September next year over claims of phone hacking at the now-defunct tabloid newspaper . Brooks , Coulson and half a dozen other former News of the World managers and staffers accused of conspiring to hack voice mail messages remained free on bail after the hearing at London 's main criminal court . A proposed trial date was set at the Old Bailey for September 9 , 2013 . The phone hacking accusations have reverberated through the top levels of British politics and journalism and prompted a parliamentary committee to issue damning criticism of Rupert Murdoch , whose News Corp. owned the News of the World through its UK subsidiary , News International . After the scandal , Murdoch stepped down from a string of company directorships and abandoned a multibillion-dollar bid to acquire satellite broadcaster BSkyB . Suspected hacking victims include some of the world 's biggest celebrities , including Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt , Jude Law , Paul McCartney and soccer star Wayne Rooney , as well as victims of crime and the July 7 , 2005 , London terrorist attacks . Brooks and Coulson were close to British Prime Minister David Cameron . Coulson , who edited the News of the World from 2003 to 2007 , went on to become Cameron 's director of communications before resigning early last year . Brooks was a friend of the prime minister and his wife . Brooks , formerly chief executive of News of the World 's parent company , News International , part of Murdoch 's News Corp. empire , also faces a charge of perverting the course of justice . But the most explosive charge against her is plotting in 2002 to eavesdrop illegally on the voice mail of missing British schoolgirl Milly Dowler , who was later found murdered . Public anger after the revelation last year that the missing girl 's phone had been hacked forced Murdoch to close the News of the World , which Brooks edited at the time of the hacking . She then became editor of The Sun newspaper before taking up the chief executive role . Brooks , Coulson and fellow former News of the World employees Stuart Kuttner , Greg Miskiw , Ian Edmondson , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup are accused of conspiring between October 3 , 2000 , and August 9 , 2006 , "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " Specifically , the charge asserts that they listened to "  voice mail messages of well-known people . " Brooks , Coulson , Kuttner , Miskiw , Thurlbeck and Glenn Mulcaire face an additional charge of intercepting Dowler 's messages . Brooks , her husband Charlie Brooks and a former personal assistant also face a separate set of charges of conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into phone hacking . They were charged in May , along with Brooks ' former driver , a security guard and members of News International security staff , with attempting to pervert the course of justice . The hacking scandal prompted Cameron to set up an independent judge-led inquiry -- named for Lord Justice Leveson , its chairman -- to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the press with the public , police and politicians . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson are accused of conspiring to hack voice mails They both formerly edited the now-defunct News of the World newspaper The tabloid was part of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. media empire Brooks and Coulson were close to British Prime Minister David Cameron
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Nancy Grace 's new novel "  The Eleventh Victim . " published by Hyperion . Nancy anchors "  Nancy Grace " on HLN nightly at 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. ET . HLN 's Nancy Grace makes her fiction debut with "  The Eleventh Victim . " A little something . What was it ? Something ... some detail was wrong . . He could n't just leave the body lying there like that . There was something missing . It was biting at him . He 'd tried to go , walking back to his car in the dark twice now , but the nagging in his brain would n't let him leave until she was absolutely perfect . He looked at her lying there in the moonlight . Her dead body was absolutely stunning . Before , when she had been alive , sitting in the passenger seat of his car , talking and talking about her life and herself and her journey from Anniston , Alabama , to Atlanta to break into acting , he thought his head would blow up like a bomb . She just would n't shut up . What did she think it was ... a date ? She was a hooker . He spotted her climbing the steep steps out of the MARTA subway station downtown . She got straight into his car with a big smile when he offered her a ride . Once inside , driving , he kept looking away from the road , stealing glances at her neck . Something about it drew him . Maybe the shape , the curve -- or maybe it was the soft hollow spot at the bottom . It was the only thing about her he could stomach . Watch Nancy talk about her new novel " He lowered the automatic windows so her conversation would fly out into the night and he would n't have to hear it . Her teeth and lips revolted him . The shiny pink lip gloss she was wearing had thickened in spots across her lips and some had smeared onto her front teeth . Looking over at her as she talked , Cruise thought it was the most disgusting thing he had ever seen . Back to the task at hand . What was it ? It was maddening ... he could n't bring himself to leave until everything was just right ... perfect , in fact . Every detail mattered . Like a delicate soufflé or performing his specialty , decorating with boiling-hot spun sugar , perfection was achieved only by acute attention to detail . There , in the dark of the clearing , it hit him . Turning , he walked to his car and reached through the open window into the glove compartment and got it . The baker 's twine . It was his favorite brand -- it was actually the only twine he would ever consider using -- just shipped in from France . He had posed her on her back . The four bright-red puncture marks torn into her mid-back did n't bother him at all . In fact , the dark red against the white skin created a vivid contrast that was somehow pleasing to him . Walking back to her body , which he had spread carefully on a bed of soft grass to more suitably frame her pale limbs in a night lit only by the moon , he paused again . He needed the perfect spot . He could n't rush this or he would n't sleep all night . The wrist ? Like a bracelet ? No . She was wearing a tacky , gold-tone watch . That would ruin the whole thing for him . And he could n't bring himself to actually touch the timepiece she wore there on her right wrist . It looked cheap ; he was sure the gold-tone finish was turning dark at the edges of the band . The neck ? No . It was much too close to the lip gloss . The gloss had a faint , fruity odor , foul as gasoline fumes to Cruise , and that alone made him want to retch . It would totally destroy the twine 's effect . Sometime during their "  date , " fresh , damp dirt and a little grass had smeared horizontally across her mouth and worked its way up into her nose . He left it there . That was a beautiful and poetic touch of nature , but the lip gloss ... disgusting . As he stood there at the foot of her body , staring into her face , her own eyes stared away from him and straight up into the sky , her lips still slightly parted just as they had been in life ... just as they had been at the zenith , that incredibly beautiful and intimate moment when she exhaled her last breath into the night . And as he relived that moment , it came to him in an epiphany . He decided ... the left ring finger . Perfect . He squatted down and gently picked up her left hand . The wrist was still limp . He tied a single , perfect bow around her ring finger just before rigor set in ... before the body went stiff and cold and hard . He placed the hand back gently across her stomach . Backing away a few feet to take in the whole picture , finally , he could relax . Every detail was exquisite . Finally , he could get some sleep . The bow was perfectly symmetrical , and there , in the moonlight , it was just gorgeous . Almost like a wedding band . From THE ELEVENTH VICTIM by Nancy Grace . Copyright © 2009 Toto Holdings , LLC . To be published in August 2009 by Hyperion . Available wherever books are sold . All Rights Reserved .	"  The Eleventh Victim " is about an Atlanta assistant DA whose fiance is murdered The novel 's heroine , Hailey Dean , relocates to New York for a fresh start She becomes a therapist whose patients begin dying -- they are murdered The murders are similar to 11 Atlanta killings and Hailey must solve the case
CNN  -- What would you do if you had to wait 90 minutes for your pizza to be delivered ? Stare out the window with sad , hungry eyes ? Call in screaming to cancel your order ? Take to Twitter to vent your #waitingforever fury ? Or take matters into your hands and launch your own pizza delivery store ? Ritesh Doshi , 32 , did the latter . Back in 2011 , Doshi , an investment banker whose career had taken him to London , New York and Amman , returned to his native country Kenya to visit his parents . One night , he and his family decided to order out . "  We had to wait for about 90 minutes for the pizza to be delivered , " remembers Doshi . "  We then ordered again another night from another place and it took 75 minutes , " he adds . "  You just could n't get a decent pizza in a reasonable amount of time . So I thought , you know what , anywhere in the world that I 've lived and worked you can get a pizza in 35 minutes -- so why not in Nairobi ? " Read this : Street vendor builds biz empire That was it . Soon after , Doshi left his career in banking and set his sights on the pizza industry . After talking to several people , he decided to bring to Nairobi the concept of Naked Pizza , an international franchise thriving on the usage of fresh ingredients . "  If you look at the dictionary definition of naked , natural is one of the definitions that come up , " says Doshi . "  We have no weird chemicals added to our food , we do n't add sugar to any of our products , " he adds . "  Our meats are all hormone free -- everything that we use is natural . " Naked Pizza was founded in the U.S. in 2006 . Outside America , there are five stores in Dubai . Kenya 's first outlet was launched about a year ago and since then sales have been growing every month . "  The response from the customers has been fantastic , " says Doshi . "  We really saw an opportunity to create a healthier product and get it to people quickly . " Tasty success Inside the Naked Pizza store in Westlands , an affluent Nairobi neighborhood , a group of green-shirted young men line up behind the counter to cut vegetables , shred cheese and prepare the sauce for the day . On slow days , Doshi says , there are between 100 and 150 orders . At busier times , the figure rises to 350-400 . The company 's menu includes nine options , but Doshi says the most popular ones are the superbiotic -- a mouthful of artichoke , baby spinach , mixed pepper , mushroom , garlic , red onion and coriander -- and the omnivore , a pizza comprised of beef pepperoni , beef hamburger , turkey ham , mixed pepper , mushroom and black olives . Read this : Africa 's techies board the StartupBus Yet , tracing some of these ingredients has not always been an easy task . "  Things like artichokes and jalapenos were hard to source , " says Doshi . He explains that building a supply chain and navigating Kenya 's bureaucratic machine have both been very challenging . "  We need licenses for literally everything , " he says . "  Our signs , our bikes , for any kind of branding we do and a whole host of other things . " Love of pizza Despite the challenges , however , the young entrepreneur is determined to "  get Nairobi naked . " He is optimistic about the venture 's future , saying that he 's already developing a second store and is actively looking for more retail estate . At the heart of this is the brand 's appeal to people of all incomes from both the local and expat community in Nairobi . "  The love of pizza is an international thing and we 've been able to really transcend economic boundaries , racial boundaries and age boundaries , " says Doshi . "  There is a great story -- an old lady who had never tried pizza before was visiting her daughter from outside Nairobi ; her daughter is a regular customer and this was the first time she tried pizza . " Read this : MyMusic dances to the mobile beat Doshi says the growing breed of young Kenyan returnees has also been one of the main drivers of Naked Pizza 's success . "  There is a large , increasing number of Kenyans coming home , " he says . "  People who studied and lived all over the world -- a lot of them are coming back and actually a large part of our customers is made up of returning Kenyans . " A repat himself , Doshi says he 's not regretted quitting his promising career in investment banking to set up a business in Nairobi , a rising international city and economic market . "  It 's great to be here , " he says . "  It 's great to be part of the growth story at home -- for a long time I 've reading about it from away , so it was great to participate in that . " Looking ahead , Doshi is aiming to grow the brand while changing people 's eating habits in the process . "  We think we can do that by delivering a great product , with great customer service , " he says . As for the waiting time ? "  If you 're ordering in the store , you should have that in under 10 minutes , " says Doshi . "  If it goes out for delivery , you should have that within about 35 minutes -- every single time . "	Ritesh Doshi is an investment banker turned pizza maker in Nairobi , Kenya He 's opened Naked Pizza , a store that thrives on the usage of fresh ingredients One year in , the business is already experiencing growth and eyeing expansion Building a supply chain and government bureaucracy are some of the challenges
Beijing  CNN  -- Twenty-year-old Li Xue has a passion for learning but has never spent a day at school . The only way she could study was by borrowing books with her elder sister 's library card and begging her for lessons . As a second child born under the strictures of China 's one-child policy , she was not entitled to a state education . Nor did she have access to subsidized health care that most city dwellers enjoy . She used her mother 's and sister 's identity cards to buy medicine when she fell ill . "  She kept asking me why she ca n't go to school , why she ca n't while all others do , and I had no idea how to respond her except repeating that she is a second child , " her mother Bai Xiuling , a former factory worker , told CNN from her modest bare-brick home . Li says she was not jealous of her 28-year-old sister , but grateful because she tutored her in her spare time . "  I want to learn as much as she does but it 's different because she can go to school and I can not . " Her mother fell unexpectedly pregnant in 1993 . Despite the risks , she went ahead with the pregnancy . A childhood bout of polio damaged her leg and she wanted to have another child to take care of her in old age . China 's family planning laws require most families living in urban areas to have one child . The policy is looser in rural areas and can also be skirted by those who can afford to pay the eye-watering fines . But Li 's parents could not pay the 5,000 yuan  $ 820  penalty and authorities denied Li her household registration documents , or "  hukou , " which entitle city residents to subsidized health , housing and education . Reform ? The one-child policy , though applauded by many for slowing down China 's population growth , has been widely criticized for resulting in forced abortions and hefty fines that are sometimes used to enforce it . Some critics say the law hurts China 's elderly , who typically rely on their children for support in old age , and even constrains economic growth as the working age population begins to decline . In August , Xinhua , China 's state news agency , said China was deliberating relaxing the policy to allow couples , where one parent is an only child , to have two children . Currently , both parents must be sole children to be eligible for a second child . The government is also debating a two-child policy after 2015 , according to state media . "  We are optimistic that an end to the one-child policy will soon be confirmed , " economists Ting Lu and Xiaojia Zhi wrote in an August report for investment house Bank of America Merrill Lynch . They said that reform of the three-decade old policy could happen after a key four-day gathering of China 's top leaders -- the Communist Party 's third plenum -- which began on Saturday . But even if the policy is eased , it is unlikely to make life easier for Liand others like her . Her family have campaigned relentlessly for her to have the "  hukou " documents they believe she is entitled to in order to live a normal life . They have petitioned local and national authorities and are pursuing their case through the legal system , but , so far , to no avail . Instead , her mother and father said they have been beaten and harassed by the local police . "  Li Xue 's father and I were beaten brutally in 2001 . I could n't get out of bed for almost two months , and her sister had to take care of me , " said Bai . Local police declined to comment when contacted by CNN . Chinese newborn , allegedly sold by doctor , is returned to parents ` Never give up ' In September , the family received notice that their case would be heard by the Beijing High People 's Court but they are not optimistic that the case will be resolved in their favor . A spokesperson for the court told CNN that the case is now being examined and an announcement will be made in due course . There were two possible outcomes ; either the case would be retried or the original verdict affirmed , the spokesperson said . "  The only thing we want is an explanation of why our daughter has no "  hukou " , and no more , " said Li 's father , Li Hongyu . In 2011 , Li started a microblog on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . She hopes her online presence will help draw attention to her plight , and she wants to use the platform to initiate more positive change for people in her position . When asked what she would major in if she had a chance to go to university , Li says she would like to become a lawyer . "  I do enjoy studying law and hope I could use this to help other people , but right now , I have to be practical and solve my most urgent problem -- becoming a legal second child , " she said . "  Sometimes I doubt whether what I do will change anything , but I think I 'll carry on , " she said , echoing the name of her blog -- Little Xue never give up . China 's only children less trusting , avoid risk , study finds Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong	Twenty-year-old Li Xue has a passion for learning but has never spent a day at school A second child born under China 's one-child policy , she says she was not entitled to a state education China 's family planning laws have been in place for three decades China may soon ease some restrictions , state media have said
CNN  -- Sally Ride became the first American woman in space when she flew into orbit aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger in 1983 , but that was far from her only achievement . The 61-year-old astronaut , who died Monday after a 17-month battle with pancreatic cancer was an inspiration to women around the world and a passionate advocate of female advancement in the fields of science , technology and mathematics . She founded Sally Ride Science in 2001 -- an educational organization which sought to encourage girls and young students to pursue their passion for science -- a predominantly male-dominated field . Ride also wrote a number of children 's books , earned several degrees  including a PhD in Physics from Stanford University  and returned to space on her second and final mission in 1984 . See also : First American woman in space dies But while she may be best remembered for smashing the glass ceiling of the U.S. space program , the tributes made since her death have emphasized Ride 's status as a pioneer and shining example to ambitious women the world over . "  As the first American woman to travel into space , Sally was a national hero and a powerful role model , " President Barack Obama said soon after news of her death broke . "  She inspired generations of young girls to reach for the stars and later fought tirelessly to help them get there by advocating for a greater focus on science and math in our schools . " Former astronaut and scientist Buzz Aldrin meanwhile tweeted "  So sorry to hear of the loss of my friend and fellow astronaut Sally Ride . You will always be an inspiration for women and space . " Actor and star of Apollo 13 , Tom Hanks , followed up with : "  God Speed , Sally Ride . She aimed for the stars . Let 's all do the same . Hanx " These emotional sentiments were shared by thousands of others who got in touch with CNN via Facebook and CNN.com to express their condolences . Annabeth66 posted : "  Ride , Sally Ride ! You were my hero when I was a little girl and was told by my grade school teacher , that girls can not become astronauts . RIP for you are loved by so many . " JusticEdge said : "  Sally , you were awesome . I hesitate to use the past tense . You made it in the NASA space program that ... regularly reject  s  Navy SEALS . Thank you for breaking the gender barrier and thank you for showing us that in  these  trying times , decent human being can still be everything they hoped for . " See also : Photos of Sally Ride 's 1983 Challenger launch Thousands of others took to Twitter to pay their respects , with the tributes coming from every corner of the globe . Ingerlindsay tweeted : "  RIP , Sally Ride . You inspired millions of girls to be brave _ and _ brilliant . We need more role models like you . " DanaGoh chimed in with : "  Sally Ride thank you for being a woman of courage , confidence , and character ! Thank you for showing girls that they can achieve anything . " Hundreds of others who got in touch with CNN were keen to share their own personal stories about how Ride inspired and encouraged them at pivotal stages in their lives and careers , proving that women could make it in science . Marhattan said : "  You were a childhood hero and inspiration . I stayed home when I was 9 years old to watch the first woman go to space and it altered the course of my life . I graduated with a degree in astrophysics and have been active in the space community my entire adult life in large part because her actions and courage ... I hope she died having some idea of the extent to which she had a positive impact in the lives of others . Thank you ! " KJ posted : "  Thank you Dr. Ride ; you were my role model . I was given a poster of you on my 6th birthday . You autographed it to me when I was 12 . It hung on my wall all through high school , my college sorority house , grad school and I hung my stole next to it after earning a doctorate in physics . " "  Today when I heard , I brought the poster home from my office and gave it to my 6 year old daughter . You inspired me to fight , to strive and to achieve . Thank you for inspiring my life Dr. Ride . " JulieMurphy meanwhile added : "  Thank you for being such a positive role model and an inspiration ! You were my childhood hero and I was blessed to have the opportunity to meet you a few years ago . That was one of the greatest experiences of my life ! May you rest in peace . I think the stars are shining a little brighter tonight in your honor . "	Sally Ride , the first American woman in space , died aged 61 Ride was a passionate advocate for female advancement in the sciences , math and tech CNN readers have shared their memories and condolences on CNN.com , Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- A passenger jet shot out of the sky two weeks ago brought the world 's attention to eastern Ukraine , where government forces are battling pro-Russian separatists . But with so much fast-breaking global news , it 's easy to lose track of the latest developments . Here 's a guide to get you up to speed on the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash investigation and the conflict in eastern Ukraine , based on the latest CNN reporting . There still may be dozens of bodies at the crash site . So far , at least 227 coffins from the crash site have been transported to Netherlands . But as many as 80 bodies could still be lying in the fields of eastern Ukraine where the passenger jet crashed , Australia 's foreign minister told CNN on Thursday . "  But we wo n't know until our investigative teams are on the site and combing the crash site for remains , " Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said . "  And that 's the grisly and sobering task that they must undertake from now on . " All 298 people aboard the Boeing 777 were killed when it plunged to the ground near the Russian border in rural eastern Ukraine . U.S. and Ukrainian officials have alleged that a Russian-made missile system downed the plane from rebel-held territory ; Russia and the rebel fighters deny involvement . Investigators are having a hard time getting there . For four days this week , dangerous clashes in the area stopped investigators from getting to the site . The Ukrainian government claimed that rebels had placed landmines nearby . On Thursday , teams of experts and investigators got through -- but only after six hours of travel -- a journey three times longer than usual . The trip was possible only after high-level political agreements were negotiated with both sides , said Michael Bociurkiw , spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . Even once investigators are able to get regular access to the site , there are a lot of questions about what useful evidence will be left . "  It is one of the biggest open crime scenes in the world as we speak , " Bociurkiw said , "  and it is not secured . " Fighting is raging near the crash site . The MH17 crash has n't put a stop to fighting between government forces and separatists in the area . Ukraine 's military announced a one-day cease-fire Thursday to allow international experts full access to the crash site . But that came after days of clashes in the area . Heavy shelling and anti-aircraft fire in Donetsk sent many people fleeing over the weekend . Rockets launched by both sides have killed at least 16 civilians and wounded many more in separatist-controlled areas of Donetsk and its suburbs since July 12 , Human Rights Watch said . The turmoil started months ago . After popular protests toppled Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February , pro-Russia rebels first appeared in Ukraine 's Crimea region , where they seized key infrastructure . The region was subsequently annexed by Russia . Unrest then broke out in eastern Ukraine , a heartland of support for Yanukovych , where many people speak Russian and feel closer ties to Moscow than to Kiev . Rebel leaders in Luhansk and Donetsk seized key government buildings and declared themselves the heads of the People 's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk . In May , a referendum was held in each region on secession from Ukraine . Russia has showed no sign of backing down . In fact , quite the opposite , according to U.S. and Ukrainian officials -- who say that Russia is arming the rebels and pushing to take over Ukrainian territory . Last week , the United States said it had proof that Russia was firing into Ukraine . "  We have new evidence that the Russians intend to deliver heavier and more powerful multiple rocket launchers to the separatist forces in Ukraine and have evidence that Russia is firing artillery from within Russia to attack Ukrainian military positions , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said last week . Russia denies accusations that it 's arming the rebels or aiming to annex more territory . To turn the tide , Europe and the United States are trying to hit Russia where it hurts : its pocketbook . This week the European Union and the United States slapped Russian companies and cronies of President Vladimir Putin with sanctions . Putin 's longtime acquaintance and judo sparring partner , Arkady Romanovich Rotenberg , and the Russian National Commercial Bank are among those targeted . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has shrugged off the sanctions , saying his country is n't happy about them but will overcome any economic difficulties and become more independent as a result . This could be the start of another Cold War ... or not . Whether this is a battle in a new Cold War depends on whom you ask . Russian lawmaker Aleksey Pushkov , the head of the State Duma 's foreign affairs committee , said via Twitter that U.S. President Barack Obama "  will make history not as a peacekeeper , everyone forgot about his Nobel Prize , but as the statesman who started a new Cold War . " Obama brushed aside such a comparison when asked about it by reporters this week . "  It 's not a new Cold War , " he said . "  What it is is a very specific issue related to Russia 's unwillingness to recognize that Ukraine can chart its own path . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Ivan Watson and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Official : There could still be 80 bodies at the MH17 crash site in eastern Ukraine Observer : The crash site is "  one of the biggest open crime scenes in the world " Europe and the U.S. stepped up sanctions ; Russia shows no sign of backing down As accusations fly , many make Cold War comparisons
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius will deliver the Democratic response to President Bush 's final State of the Union address - a marquee assignment for a woman who leads a state with fewer than 2 million voters . Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius speaks at a news conference in June 2007 in Washington . Sebelius became the 44th governor of the state of Kansas in 2003 . She made her first run for governor on a pledge to make the state more business-friendly and increase government efficiency . The Kansas governor has a political pedigree : Her father , John Gilligan , was a Democratic governor of Ohio in the '70s . But the governor has paid her political dues , with stints as a Kansas state representative and state insurance commissioner . Since she moved into the governor 's mansion , Newsweek has identified Sebelius as "  one to watch . " Time named her one of four "  rising stars from the heartland , " and short-listed her as one of the nation 's five best governors . "  Mark my words , Sebelius will be on everyone 's VP short list in 2008 , " Democratic blogger Markos Moulitsas said on his Daily Kos Web site , as he applauded her 2006 success in wooing disaffected Kansas Republicans . Most of the national political figures to come out of Kansas have been Republicans , like President Dwight Eisenhower and former Sen. Bob Dole . But entering her sixth year as governor , Sebelius seems to be everyone 's favorite pick to join that select group . The down-to-earth governor has certified red state appeal with a blue state edge : She loves NASCAR and college sports , running and the Rolling Stones . And the 58-year-old has an offbeat sense of humor .  Sometimes , perhaps , a bit too offbeat for some voters -- like the time she said during an election-year debate that Missouri roads scared her more than the World Trade Center attacks . But the big draw for national Democrats is her skill at appealing to moderate GOP voters -- the only way a Democrat can win major office in Kansas . Sebelius has won two gubernatorial elections in a state with roughly twice as many registered Republicans as Democrats . Bush carried the state by at least 20 points in each of his presidential runs and no Democratic presidential contender has won there since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . When Sebelius was elected governor , Kansas faced a judicial order to increase school spending in the midst of its worst budget crisis since the 1930s . Under Sebelius ' leadership , the Kansas economy has rebounded , resulting in low unemployment and the creation of thousands of jobs , according to a Kansas government Web site . Her first term was considered so successful that during her re-election run , a few Republicans tried to use it against her -- predicting she 'd probably be tapped for a White House run before she finished a second term . So far , Sebelius has downplayed the scenario . But she has begun to have an impact beyond the Midwest . During her first term , she visited National Guard troops in Iraq . Last year , she took on a high-profile national assignment , serving as chairwoman of the Democratic Governors Association . If Sen. Hillary Clinton fails to capture the presidential nomination this year , many Democrats say Sebelius will remain high on any vice presidential short list . Democrats close to the campaign of Sen. Barack Obama told CNN Sebelius will announce after tonight 's State of the Union speech that she 's endorsing Obama . E-mail to a friend	Kathleen Sebelius to deliver the Dems response to State of the Union Time Magazine short-listed her as one of the nation 's five best governors Sebelius governs state with twice as many registered Republicans as Democrats
CNN  -- The Christmas season encourages us to think of Jesus , so highly revered and loved by both Christians and Muslims . So it is even more tragic to contemplate relations between the two religions today -- and particularly the plight of Christians in the Muslim world . In Iraq , savage killings of Christians have led thousands to flee the country . In Egypt , Christians are under severe pressure and siege . In Pakistan , there are too many cases like that of Asia Bibi , a Christian woman who is facing a death sentence under Pakistan 's blasphemy laws for allegedly slandering the Prophet of Islam . For both of us , a Muslim and a Christian , this violence is a matter of utmost gravity . One of us , Akbar Ahmed , was educated by Roman Catholic priests at Burn Hall , in North Pakistan , and then Presbyterian teachers at Forman Christian College in Lahore , and gratefully acknowledges the immeasurable debt he owes them , which he attempts to repay in promoting Christian-Muslim dialogue . The other , John Chane , is concerned as a bishop but also as someone also passionately devoted to promoting good relations between Christians and Muslims . We find that the situation has reached a breaking point because of the crisis in the Muslim world . Extremist Muslims feel that Islam is under siege by the West and seek to lash out at Christians , seeing an attack on Christians in their countries effectively as an attack on Israelis , U.S. troops in Iraq or the intelligence agencies behind U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan . Since 9/11 , we have been speaking out in support of interfaith dialogue and understanding the deep bonds between Christianity and Islam . The Prophet named Christians , as he did the Jews , as "  people of the book , " to be respected . In Islam , Jesus embodies compassion and the love of God and is miraculously born of the Virgin Mary . Not only is Jesus mentioned in the Quran more often than the Prophet of Islam , but an entire chapter is devoted to the Virgin Mary . As no other figure in Islam , Jesus can perform miracles , including giving sight to the blind , breathing life into a piece of clay , bringing the dead to life , and curing a leper  Quran 3:49  . Muslims will say that they can not be a good Muslim without first being a good Jew and a good Christian . Christians have always lived in Muslim lands ; indeed Christianity is older than Islam in these areas . Christians living in the great societies of Islamic history , including Muslim Spain and the Ottoman Empire , largely lived in peace and security according to their own laws . Yet in the past few years , the persecution of Christians has increased in scope and frequency . The Iraqi Christian population , one of the oldest in the world and said to date from just after the crucifixion of Jesus , has sharply decreased . Before the Gulf War , more than 1 million Christians lived in Iraq ; at the time of the U.S. invasion of Iraq , the number had fallen to about 800,000 . Two-thirds of those are estimated to have fled . The Christians who have remained are subjected to pogroms and slaughter by Muslim groups who are committed to exterminating them . The U.N. has reported high numbers of Christian refugees fleeing Iraq in recent weeks , and it has been noted that the chaotic aftermath of America 's invasion may result in what all other invaders had failed to accomplish : the elimination of Iraq 's Christian population . In Egypt , where Christians constitute 10 % of the population , Christian girls are being kidnapped by shadowy Muslim groups and lured into Muslim marriages , with the state looking the other way . Christians in Egypt have no problem converting to Islam , but if Muslims want to convert to Christianity , they are refused permission to register as Christians on their ID cards , where religion must be stated . Riots are common , and Egyptian Christians live in fear for their lives . Asia Bibi 's death sentence in Pakistan has gathered fierce support from certain Muslim groups , who are demanding the sentence be carried out . The blasphemy law is derived from laws passed during Pakistan 's "  Islamization " phase under President Zia Ul Haq , in which Islamic warriors were being trained to fight the Soviet Union in Afghanistan . It has constantly been misused by Pakistanis seeking to attack each other in local feuds , and in today 's high anti-American atmosphere has increased pressure on the Christians tenfold . Pakistani President Asif Zardari must pardon Asia Bibi immediately and bring this disgraceful episode to a close . With this in mind , it is impossible for good Muslims to be anti-Christian . We are appalled by the persecution Christians are being subjected to and appeal to Muslims to look to their own faith for how they should treat Christians in their midst . We need true Islamic scholarship and learning , not ignorant people quoting holy texts out of context . Anger or frustration at the way the West is behaving in the Muslim world or at their own governments is no excuse for slaughtering and slandering Christians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Ahmed , Chane : Bonds deep between Christians and Muslims ; both faiths revere Jesus Yet , Christians being savagely killed in Iraq , under siege in Egypt and Pakistan , they say Mohammed named Christians , as he did Jews , as respected "  people of the book , " they write Writers : Islamic scholars need to speak out against extremists behind persecutions
PANAMA CITY , Panama  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed into a building in Panama City on Thursday , killing 11 of the 12 people aboard , including Chile 's federal police chief , a Panamanian government official said . The incident occurred during the afternoon in a commercial zone of the city as the Panamanian helicopter was carrying several Panamanian police officials and six members of a group from Chile . They had been attending a regional forum in the city of Colon , the official said . Witnesses said a rotor blade hit a three-story building , causing the helicopter to fall in a ball of fire . Several people on the ground were burned , and the building -- which houses a clothing store -- also caught fire . Watch emergency workers at the scene " It took firefighters hours to control the flames and to keep the blaze from spreading to other buildings . "  The principal problem is the smoke and the toxic gases ; that 's what makes the work more difficult , " said Cecilio Lasso , one of the firefighters . Chilean police chief Gen. Jose Alejandro Bernales and his wife were among the dead , the official said . A delegation from Chile was expected to arrive late Thursday to help identify the bodies . No cause was immediately identified for the crash . "  It 's an old but well-maintained helicopter , " said Daniel Delgado Diamante , minister of government and justice . "  It was in good shape . Of course , now there will be a process of validating that . " The Chilean government has declared three days of mourning .	11 of 12 people on helicopter were killed , including Chile 's national police chief Incident occurred during the afternoon in a commercial zone of Panama City Witnesses said a blade of the rotor hit a three-story building No cause of the crash was immediately identified
CNN  -- A French author whose tales center on memory and guilt has won this year 's Nobel Prize in literature , the Nobel committee in Sweden said Thursday . Patrick Modiano , 69 , is the 11th Nobel literature prize winner born in France . He is being honored "  for the art of memory with which he has evoked the most ungraspable human destinies and uncovered the life-world of the occupation , " the committee said . Peter Englund , permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy , said Modiano was "  well known in France , but pretty well not anywhere else . " Born in 1945 , Modiano has published some 30 books , mainly novels -- for which he is chiefly known -- but also some children 's books and movie scripts . His novels tend to be short , often 130 to 150 pages in length , and written in simple language , Englund said , but they are refined and elegant in nature . "  They are always versions of the same theme -- about memory , about loss , about identity , about seeking , " he said . Modiano , who published his first novel in 1968 , has previously been recognized with some of the most prestigious prizes in French literature , including the Prix Goncourt in 1978 . Englund 's own recommendation ? The novel "  Missing Person , " which plays with the detective genre as its protagonist , who has lost his memory , seeks to find out who he really is . The Swedish committee has not yet been able to reach Modiano to tell him of his win , he added . Troubled past In a 2011 interview with the cultural journal France Today , Modiano said of writing , "  Actually , I never thought of doing anything else . " The child of a Belgian mother and an Italian Jewish father , his was a difficult , fragmented childhood , the journal says . His experiences are recounted in his memoir , "  Un Pedigree , " published in 2005 . His works are infused with questions of identity , often tied in with France 's troubled past during the Nazi Occupation . "  After each novel , I have the impression that I have cleared it all away , " he told France Today . "  But I know I 'll come back over and over again to tiny details , little things that are part of what I am . In the end , we are all determined by the place and the time in which we were born . " Sticking with familiar themes , he also made the 1974 movie "  Lacombe , Lucien " with director Louis Malle , which was set during the Occupation . His latest work is the novel "  Pour que tu ne te perdes pas dans le quartier , " published this month . The Nobel Prize in literature has been awarded 107 times since 1901 . It is almost always awarded to one author and has been shared only four times , which stands in contrast to the science Nobels , which two or three scientists often share . The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize will be announced Friday , followed by the award for achievements in economics Monday .	French author Patrick Modiano wins the Nobel Prize for literature He is honored "  for the art of memory , " says Nobel committee Modiano is well known in France but has not enjoyed the same fame elsewhere He has published some 30 books , often on the themes of memory , loss and identity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Leading British Cabinet minister Jacqui Smith 's political future is in doubt after her husband admitted to paying for adult movies with taxpayers ' money . Jacqui Smith surrounded by media outside her sister 's home , whom she lives with in London . The home secretary 's husband , Richard Timney , has apologized for the "  embarrassment " he caused his wife , while she has promised to repay the money spent , including the # 10  $ 14  charge for the two films , the British Press Association reported . According to British media reports , Smith had not seen the videos and was "  mortified " that they had "  mistakenly " been paid for using her MP 's expense account . Timney , who Smith pays # 40,000  $ 56,000  a year to be her office manager , submitted an expense claim last June for a # 67  $ 95  Virgin Media bill for television services in the couple 's family home in Redditch , Smith 's constituency , The Guardian newspaper reported . It reported the bill included two adult films , at a cost of # 5  $ 7  each , as well as two viewings of the heist movie "  Ocean 's 13 " and one of "  Surf 's Up , " a children 's film about a penguin . The revelations could not come at a worse time for Smith , who is already being investigated by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards over her decision to claim at least # 116,000  $ 164,000  in second-home allowances for her family home since becoming an MP . She has claimed the second-home allowance for her family home while living with her sister in London . Smith designated her sister 's house as her "  main " residence , allowing her to claim the money for her family home . Conservative and opposition leader David Cameron described the latest news as "  deeply embarrassing " for Smith . He said Smith had "  questions to answer , " PA reported . "  I do not think this individual thing is the issue . I think she has got some questions to answer about the second home issue . It does seem to me pretty incredible to claim that the home where her family is , that is not her main home . "  I think this goes to a deeper problem , which is the second home allowance for MPs . The prime minister has ordered a review but he has sort of kicked it into the long grass . "  The review does n't start until September , it is not going to report until after the next election . That is hopeless . We have got to get on with it . " Prime Minister Gordon Brown defended Smith . "  The home secretary is doing a great job and I do not think this issue should be allowed to detract from everything she is doing to ensure we protect the public and keep our neighborhoods safe , " he said . "  She has done the right thing by taking steps to rectify the mistake that was made as soon as she became aware of it . "  This is very much a personal matter for Jacqui . She has made her apology , her husband has made clear that he has apologized . " Last week Brown ordered a review of the complex and opaque system of MPs ' pay and allowances . Do you think Smith should resign ?	British Cabinet minister Jacqui Smith 's political future is in doubt Home minister 's husband , Richard Timney , has apologized over porn purchases Smith has promised to repay money spent on porn videos
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The numbers were good for "  Knowing . " In "  Knowing , " a physics professor  Nicolas Cage  ponders patterns in a list of numbers . The film , about a physics professor who sees clues for disastrous events in a time capsule 's list of digits , overcame some pretty long odds at the box office -- going against the Paul Rudd-Jason Segel comedy "  I Love You , Man , " the Julia Roberts-Clive Owen romantic thriller "  Duplicity " and some fairly scathing reviews -- to emerge as the weekend 's No. 1 film . Though star Nicolas Cage would n't have predicted the outcome , in an interview before the film 's release , he did talk about the power of positive thinking . "  I 'm a huge believer of the human spirit , " he told CNN . "  I think people are amazing . I think what we have accomplished is incredible . ... If you think positive and you apply the guts and ingenuity that mankind has been doing forever , at least in our existence , I believe we get through anything . " Cage 's character , John Koestler , is a science professor whom Cage describes as "  someone who is reawakening to his faith . " He begins the film believing that everything is random , but as the film continues -- and he seeks to alert the world of a coming catastrophe -- "  he believes there is cause and effect and perhaps even a divine mind , " Cage said . The film begins in 1959 , with students burying items in a time capsule at an elementary school . One of the children , however , creates an image of seemingly random numbers . Fifty years later , when the capsule is opened , Koestler 's son receives the page of numbers , and his father realizes that they correspond to major disasters of the past half-century . Koestler determines that three events have yet to occur and sets out to meet the clairvoyant child 's now grown daughter . The final event threatens life on Earth itself , and the group begins a race against time , with unusual consequences . Critics were not impressed . The film earned a 25 percent rating on the review aggregator RottenTomatoes.com , with some reviewers in full-on mockery mode . Watch Mr. Moviefone review "  Knowing " and other films " "  It 's increasingly hard to believe that Cage won an Oscar in 1996  for ` Leaving Las Vegas '  , " wrote USA Today 's Claudia Puig in a 1 1/2 - star review . "  In the past decade , he has made some awful choices , and his range has seemed to grow more limited . " "  It 's so inept that you may wish you were watching an M. Night Shyamalan version of the very same premise , " wrote Entertainment Weekly 's Owen Gleiberman , referring to the director whose last two films , "  Lady in the Water " and "  The Happening , " were two of the most detested films of recent years . But the film 's apocalyptic theme obviously strikes a chord , something director Alex Proyas  "  Dark City "  saw early on . Proyas told CNN in a pre-release interview that "  you can read -LSB- the film -RSB- as biblical if you choose to , " but he prefers to see it as "  spiritual . " "  I try to leave it very open-ended , " he said . "  I try to think of it as more a spiritual place than a biblical one . " Cage 's character , he said , is on a spiritual quest in the midst of what could be global destruction . Rose Byrne , who plays the clairvoyant child 's daughter , Diana , called the film "  kind of a theological discussion . " "  That 's always an exciting topic , " she said . "  It 's bridging the gap between science and spirituality . That always makes things thought-provoking , and I like that with any piece of art . " Byrne said that "  Knowing " taps into some of the end-times anxiety that 's been in the air in recent years , which perhaps could help find an audience .  As she was talking before the film 's release , she did n't realize how much of an audience . "  I think it 's a common thing in life , " she said of end-of-the-world fears , referencing one of the latest making the rounds -- the Mayan calendar 's Long Count end in 2012 -- in making her point . Proyas observes that given such worries , the film can be a wake-up call for such concerns as global climate change . "  There is a symbolic aspect to what is happening and what the story is about , and to get people to pay attention to what could happen , " he said . But , he adds , it 's also just a movie . "  I believe in the entertainment value of movies -- very much so , " he said . "  I ... want to make it good for the audience . I really want people to be there and experience something powerful and resident , both in terms of ideas and emotions ... and also with this film trying to do something different . It 's a challenging film , and it takes some unexpected turns . "	"  Knowing " was weekend 's No. 1 film Apocalyptic thriller stars Nicolas Cage as professor who sees clues in numbers Film taps into themes of religion , spirituality , end-times concerns , say makers
London , England  CNN  -- The X-ray machine was Wednesday named the most important scientific invention , in a poll marking the centenary of the Science Museum in London . Almost 50,000 people voted in the museum or online on a shortlist of ten discoveries and inventions from past centuries in science , technology and engineering . The X-ray machine , which was discovered in 1895 and revolutionized how doctors detected disease and injury , struck a chord with most voters who singled it out for having made the greatest impact on the past , present and future . It gathered one fifth of the votes  9581 votes  followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the DNA double helix structure . Katie Maggs , associate curator of medicine at the Science Museum , told CNN that she was "  pleasantly surprised " with the results , saying she "  wondered whether the therapeutic benefit of penicillin might just edge in front -- or perhaps the Apollo 10 capsule as visitors find space travel so inspirational as the ultimate test of technology . " Maggs attributed the X-ray machine 's popularity to the wide impact it has on people 's everyday life , from the very first steps of a medical diagnosis to security control at airports . "  People are just fascinated with seeing inside their bodies -- even today . It has fundamentally changed the way we see and understand our world -- but particularly our bodies . "  But I also think visitors are aware of the immense and various benefits x-rays have brought -- revolutionizing medical diagnosis and therapy but also astronomy and material and chemical science -- it was x-rays that enabled us to discover the structure of DNA after all ! " X-rays were discovered in November 1895 by German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen . The Science Museum also houses the Reynolds machine , which was built by a father and son John and Russell Reynolds , months after Röntgen announced his discovery . They were so inspired by the news that they started constructing the equipment in their own home .	The X-ray machine was voted the most significant scientific invention , in a poll by the Science Museum in London Out of almost 50,000 votes cast , one in five people selected it as the object they believed it had the greatest impact on the past , present and future X-rays were followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the DNA double helix structure The public vote began on 10 June this year as part of the Science Museum 's events to mark its centenary
CNN  -- Egypt is reconsidering its ties with countries that have n't been supportive of the government that the military installed after ousting the country 's first democratically elected president , the interim president said . Speaking in his first televised interview since Egypt 's powerful generals put him in office , Adly Mansour singled out Turkey and Qatar for criticism . Both those regional neighbors have condemned a crackdown last month by Egyptian authorities on supporters of the ousted president Mohamed Morsy that left hundreds of people dead . Life during chaos : Egyptians talk about coping "  Our patience is running out regarding the Qatari stance , " Mansour , 67 , said in the interview aired by state television Tuesday . "  The Turkish reaction has reflected short-sightedness and personal interest , not realizing the amount of cooperation between the two countries , " Mansour said , according to an account of the interview published by state-run media outlet Al-Ahram . Tensions with Turkey Unlike Qatar , which initially welcomed the military 's installation of Mansour and his administration , Turkey has been critical of the forced change of government in Cairo from the start . "  Neither ourselves nor the people of Turkey expected the stance of the Turkish government , which should n't have reacted based on the perspective of one faction , " Mansour said . "  We hope for better relations with Turkey , but we do not accept interference in our internal affairs . " Egypt demonstrator : Why we are willing to die Mansour said that he and Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy are "  strategically reviewing our foreign relations to differentiate between our real friends and those who should not be classified in that category anymore . " He said that the positions of the United States and the European Union remain unclear , but that he is starting to see indications that they will support the unelected transitional government . ` No force can turn back the clock ' Mansour also denied that the overthrow of Morsy in July had put Egypt on a path back toward the police state seen under former ruler Hosni Mubarak , who lost his grip on power amid widespread protests in early 2011 . A court released Mubarak , 85 , from prison last month , but authorities had him placed under house arrest at a military hospital while he awaits a retrial on charges of inciting violence against protesters during the demonstrations in 2011 . Opinion : What Mubarak 's release means "  No force can turn back the clock , neither to the former regime or the one before it , Mansour said Tuesday . He said that what followed the 2011 uprising -- the election of Morsy and the Islamist party he was aligned with , the Muslim Brotherhood -- "  was an attempt at creating a clone of the former regime but with a religious tone . " The military removed Morsy from office a year into his tenure amid large-scale street demonstrations against his government . Critics accused Morsy of authoritarianism and trying to force the Brotherhood 's Islamic agenda into the nation 's laws . But his supporters point out he was democratically elected and repeatedly offered Cabinet positions to secularists and liberals . Police ` applied restraint ' Mansour , a judge who heads the country 's Supreme Constitutional Court , defended the actions of security forces in the deadly crackdown on Morsy supporters at two large sit-ins in Cairo last month . "  I know the police faced a lot of criticism in dispersing the sit-ins , which were not peaceful , but they tried to pursue all peaceful stages and there was no response , " he said . "  Still , they applied restraint and committed to the international standards and legal means of clearing the sit-ins . " The violent clearance of the camps , the bloodiest day in Egypt 's recent history , was condemned by many countries . Egyptian authorities followed it by declaring a one-month state of emergency and arresting more Muslim Brotherhood officials . In his interview Tuesday , Mansour defended the decision to impose the state of emergency and a curfew . "  There was no other alternative to confront the organized danger the nation was facing , " he said .	Adly Mansour expresses frustration with Turkey and Qatar He speaks in his first interview since he was installed by the military He denies there will be a return to a police state Mansour defends the actions of police in the crackdown on supporters of Mohamed Morsy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former middle-school student who was strip-searched by school officials looking for ibuprofen pain medication won a partial victory of her Supreme Court appeal Thursday in a case testing the discretion of officials to ensure classroom safety . Savana Redding leaves the U.S Supreme Court in April . She was 13 when she was strip-searched . Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs . No medication was found , and she later sued . The justices concluded that the search was unreasonable but that individual school administrators could not be sued . The larger issue of whether a campus setting traditionally gives schools greater authority over students suspected of illegal activity than police are allowed was not addressed fully by the divided court . "  Savana 's subjective expectation of privacy against such a search is inherent in her account of it as embarrassing , frightening and humiliating , " wrote Justice David Souter for the majority , likely his last opinion before he steps down from the bench next week . But reflecting the divisiveness over the issue , Souter said , "  We think these differences of opinion from our own are substantial enough to require immunity for the school officials in this case . " Whether the school district would be liable was not an issue before the high court . "  I 'm pretty excited that they agreed with me , they see that it was wrong for the school to do that , " Redding said from her Hobbs , New Mexico , home after the ruling was announced . "  I 'm pretty certain that it 's so far less likely to happen again " to other students . Redding was an eighth-grade honor student in 2003 , with no history of disciplinary problems at Safford Middle School , about 127 miles from Tucson , Arizona . During an investigation into pills found at the school , a student told the vice principal that Redding had given her prescription-strength 400-milligram ibuprofen pills . The school had a near-zero-tolerance policy for all prescription and over-the-counter medication , including the ibuprofen , without prior written permission . Redding was pulled from class by Vice Principal Kerry Wilson , escorted to an office and confronted with the evidence . The girl denied the accusations . A search of Redding 's backpack found nothing . A strip search was conducted by Wilson 's assistant and a school nurse , both females . Redding was ordered to strip to her underwear and to pull on the elastic of the underwear , so any hidden pills might fall out , according to court records . No drugs were found . "  The strip search was the most humiliating experience I have ever had , " Redding said in an affidavit . "  I held my head down so that they could not see that I was about to cry . " Souter said Wilson initially had "  sufficient suspicion " to justify searching the girl 's backpack and outer clothing . But when no contraband was found , the officials went too far by continuing the search of her underwear . With the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , Redding and her family sued , and a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled against the school , calling the search "  traumatizing " and illegal . That court said the school went too far in its effort to create a drug - and crime-free classroom . The Supreme Court found little agreement on key issues . Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg agreed that the search was illegal but would have also made individual officials liable for damages by Redding . "  Wilson 's treatment of Redding was abusive , and it was not reasonable for him to believe that the law permitted it , " said Ginsburg , who was especially forceful during oral arguments in April , criticizing the school 's actions . But Justice Clarence Thomas took the opposite view : that administrators deserved immunity and that the search was permissible . "  Preservation of order , discipline and safety in public schools is simply not the domain of the Constitution , " he said . "  And , common sense is not a judicial monopoly or a constitutional imperative . " In 1985 , the high court allowed the search of a student 's purse after she was suspected of hiding cigarettes . Such a search was permitted if there were "  reasonable " grounds for believing that it would turn up evidence and when the search was not "  excessively intrusive . " Opinions in 1995 and 2001 allowed schools to conduct random drug testing of high school athletes and those participating in other extracurricular activities . The court was being asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches and the discretion of officials regarding those they have responsibility over . Adam Wolf , an ACLU attorney who represented Redding , applauded the decision . "  When parents send their kids to school , they can now breathe a sigh of relief they will not end up naked before school officials , " Wolf said . But school administrators said the ruling does not make their jobs any easier . "  The home medicine cabinet now poses a serious threat to students , who may take those medications for abusive purposes , " said Francisco Negron , general counsel for the National School Boards Association . "  That 's a problem schools are trying to stem . " "  How they determine now whether the drug is dangerous , whether it 's not dangerous -- that kind of clarity and that kind of guidance , the court did not give us . " Redding , now 19 , said she has never gotten over her experience . "  Before it happened , I loved school , loved everything about it . You know , I had a 4.0 GPA , honor roll , and now , well , afterwards I never wanted to go to school again . " She is attending college . The case is Safford Unified School District No. 1 v. Redding  08-479  .	Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs No medication was found , and she later sued Justices : Search was unreasonable , but individual school officials ca n't be sued Redding , now 19 , has said she has never gotten over her experience
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- "  There 's no doubt " that the deadly attack on India 's financial capital last month was planned inside Pakistan , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told CNN on Sunday . People in New Delhi , India , take part in a candlelight vigil for the victims of the Mumbai attacks on Sunday . Her comments to CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " were the most definitive made by a top-ranking U.S. official regarding Pakistan 's connection to the November 26-29 attack on Mumbai , in which more than 170 were killed and hundreds of others were wounded . "  Well , I think there 's no doubt that Pakistani territory was used by probably non-state actors , " Rice said . "  I do n't think that there is compelling evidence of involvement of Pakistani officials . But I do think that Pakistan has a responsibility to act , and it does n't matter that they 're non-state actors . " Last week , Rice traveled to the region to try to ease tension between India and Pakistan , both nuclear powers and key allies of the United States . While in New Delhi , India , she called on Pakistan to take responsibility for terrorists operating within its borders . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has said "  stateless actors " carried out the attack while Indian authorities say they believe all the attackers were Pakistanis , specifically blaming Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  LeT  , an Islamic militant group based in Pakistan . U.S. counterterrorism officials say signs point to LeT , and they have n't seen anything to rule it out . However , they have not definitively said the group is responsible . U.S. Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell said during an appearance Tuesday at Harvard University that the Mumbai attacks were carried out by the same group responsible for the parliament attack and a series of bomb explosions aboard trains and at railway stations in Mumbai in 2006 -- though he did n't specifically name LeT . LeT has denied any responsibility for the attacks , but a suspect in custody -- whom India has said was one of 10 gunmen in the attacks -- told interrogators he was trained by LeT , Indian authorities said . India said its forces killed nine gunmen . On Sunday , Rice said LeT and al Qaeda "  tend to travel in the same circles , " though she declined to directly link either group to the Mumbai attack . But she stressed that Pakistan is obligated to root out terrorists within its borders . "  Well , I do n't want to go into too much detail here because , obviously , in counterterrorism no one wants to tip the hand of what has happened here and what may happen in the future , " Rice said . "  The important thing now is to get these perpetrators and to prevent follow-on attacks . And Pakistan 's cooperation , Pakistan 's action , is absolutely essential to doing that . " Asked about possible ties between Pakistan 's government and LeT , Rice acknowledged "  there have been historic ties -- there 's no doubt about that . " "  But Pakistan is a different place now with a civilian government and an army leadership that is working in concert to try to bring an end to extremism within Pakistan , " she said . "  We have to remember that Pakistan itself has been suffering at the hands of extremism . So whatever the history here , and there is a history , the important thing is that Pakistan act against those who used Pakistani soil to perpetrate attacks . "	Condoleezza Rice : "  No doubt " Pakistani territory used by "  probably non-state actors " Rice : Pakistan is obligated to root out terrorists within its borders India has alleged Pakistan-based Islamic militant group linked to Mumbai attacks
The man who shot up downtown Austin last week had the words , "  Let me die , " written in marker on his chest , the city 's police chief said Monday . Larry McQuilliams , 49 , was killed outside police headquarters Friday , after opening fire at a federal courthouse and a Mexican consulate , which he also seemingly tried to set ablaze . "  Folks are saying that this man was n't trying to hurt anybody . I beg to differ . "  He shot at an occupied police headquarters . It 's occupied 24 hours a day , and by the grace of God we were able to dodge quite a few bullets here , " Chief Art Acevedo told reporters . No one -- besides the suspect -- was killed or injured in the attacks , which the chief said could have been much worse . He said investigators found a map that included 34 locations marked as targets in McQuilliams ' possessions . The majority of the locations were either government buildings , including the ones that he attacked , or financial institutions , Acevedo said . The map included two churches . Investigators also found a book , "  Vigilantes Of Christendom , " the police chief said . Inside the book was a handwritten note that discussed McQuilliams ' rank as a "  priest in the fight against anti-God " people , Acevedo said . According to Christopher Combs , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio division , McQuilliams had mentioned to some people that he was upset because he could n't find a job and because , in his view , immigrants were able to get more services than he was . Authorities believe McQuilliams acted alone . "  We were very lucky , " said Acevedo . "  When you look at the fact that we had 34 buildings marked , I really believe that the men and women of the Austin Police Department saved lives . "	Larry McQuilliams , 49 , shot up downtown Austin last week ; he was killed Investigators found a map in his possessions that included 34 locations marked as targets Authorities believe McQuilliams acted alone
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Groups of U.S. tourists were stuck Saturday trying to find their way out of Egypt amid the chaos and violent protests that have seized the country . American traveler Diane Kelley of Chicago described being "  stranded " near the Cairo airport with her husband , Gaynor , and 14 other tourists , all waiting for departing flights . "  We 've had so far two flights canceled and we 're currently just waiting to see if we can get out of Cairo to any other place in the world , but it 's very chaotic here , " Kelley told CNN by phone , adding they are afraid for their safety if they go outside . The father of one of their Egyptian guides was shot as the group , traveling with U.S. tour company Abercrombie & Kent , made their way to the airport , Kelley said . They do n't know the man 's condition , she said . Gunshots could be heard in the streets , she said . "  I do n't think anybody really feels 100 percent safe , but I think that we 're much safer than the people who are in downtown Cairo right now , " she said . Kelley and others traveling with Abercrombie & Kent were staying at the Fairmont Heliopolis hotel close to the airport , Abercrombie spokeswoman Pamela Lassers told CNN . The company moved its travelers there from downtown Cairo so they could be ready for the first available flights out of the country , she said . Lassers could n't give an exact number of people traveling with the company in Egypt , but she said 14 staff members were looking after the tourists and trying to book their air travel . Farther south in Luxor , the ancient Egyptian city on the banks of the Nile , another American tour group traveling with the hosts of the PBS show "  Grannies on Safari " was waiting for their chance to leave Egypt . Show host Regina Fraser and 13 others had intended to spend a few days touring museums and attractions sandwiched around a four-day Nile River cruise . Instead , since arriving Wednesday , they 've found themselves navigating the chaos while trying to salvage something of their journey . "  There is no place you can feel 100 percent safe , " Fraser said . Fraser 's tour group had been scheduled to visit one of Cairo 's main museums Friday , but it was closed because of concerns about protests , she said . Instead , someone suggested they visit Alexandria -- so they drove two hours only to be told to turn around and head immediately back to Cairo . Arriving back in the capital , they knew things were getting serious because thousands of people were in the streets , Fraser told CNN . The group 's tour bus driver had trouble finding a route to the central Cairo hotel where they were staying . They finally found a route , but were stopped at a gate . "  We looked up and there were just hundreds of people running towards us . We could see tear gas had been dispersed . We were really concerned , " she said . They were allowed to enter before the crowd arrived , but they had to get off the bus and walk the rest of the way to their hotel , Fraser said . The situation soon deteriorated , Fraser said . She said members of the tour group could hear gunfire popping and people yelling outside the hotel . One of the tourists , a freelance photographer , went outside to take pictures and saw bloodied people and at least one body , she said . The hotel shut down elevators and asked people to stay in their rooms , but from balconies the tourists could see the thousands of people massing in the streets , she said . By morning , when another bus came to pick them up for a flight to Luxor , where they were to board a ship for their cruise , the situation had turned eerily calm , Fraser said . "  We saw tank after tank after tank after tank , all lined up , " she said . "  Then I think even our experienced travelers knew this was something more than your usual protests . " Fraser said tension was also beginning to build in Luxor , where she saw some streets being blocked off and a tank . The tour group boarded their ship on Saturday , but are trying to contact the American consulate on Sunday for advice . The mood on board is quiet and somber , she said . And the group is looking to cut their trip short by at least two days . "  I feel safer on this boat at this moment than I did this morning in Cairo , " Fraser said . "  But when we get back to Cairo , we just want to get out . " The U.S. State Department has issued a travel alert urging tourists to avoid Egypt because of dangerous conditions . Those already stranded in the country should n't leave hotels until the situation stabilizes , the alert stated . It said the U.S. Embassy may be blocked off for security during demonstrations and cautioned citizens against going to the embassy during the turmoil . "  Right now , we can only tell Americans to stay in place , " a State Department representative said Friday . The current travel alert expires on February 28 .	Tourists are waiting at a hotel near the Cairo airport for flights out Gunshots can be heard in the streets Another group traveling with "  Grannies on Safari " is stuck in Luxor
CNN  -- In the wake of the important decision by the Environmental Protection Agency to block mining in Alaska 's Bristol Bay in order to protect the wild salmon population there , it 's a good moment to take stock of the many dangers facing our world 's waterways -- and our world 's fish . It turns out the wild salmon of Bristol Bay are one of the five least toxic fish to eat around the globe and thankfully will stay that way , thanks to the Obama administration . But what are the other four ? And why are the world 's fish and water under such threat ? A range of abuses of the environment flow into each other in our world 's oceans and lakes and rivers . There 's marine pollution in which garbage is intentionally disposed of or carelessly dropped into our waters to such an extent that , for instance , in the north Pacific , there is actually a giant swirling vortex of garbage estimated to be the size of Texas . Then there 's climate change . Our world 's oceans have already absorbed 80 % of the additional global heat that has been added to our climate system and absorbed 33 % of the carbon dioxide humans have emitted into the atmosphere . Add to that over-fishing . With the world 's fish supplies already cut down by environmental hazards , mass fishing technologies like bigger boats and bigger nets have cut the fish population even further , which in turn limits reproduction and natural repopulation . A stunning three-quarters of the world 's fish supply is being harvested faster than the fish can reproduce . And 80 % of the world 's fish have already been fully exploited or are facing perilous decline . And then the fish that survive are sick . Water runoff dumps poisons like industrial PCBs , heavy metals , including mercury and lead , agricultural pesticides and sewage system effluents directly into our water . Fish eat or absorb that poison and when you eat the fish , those toxins are passed onto you , often at dangerous levels . So what 's an omnivore to do ? Fortunately , there are good fish -- fish that are healthy to eat and responsibly caught in ways that are good for the health of other fish and our oceans . According to SeafoodWatch.org , a helpful resource on these issues , healthy fish must have low levels of mercury and provide high levels of Omega-3s  the good oils our bodies can and should be getting from eating fish  . Plus healthy fish are caught or farmed responsibly , which prevents endangered fish populations -- yes there are many -- and ensures that dolphins or other sea creatures are n't harmed by fishing nets . So what are the best fish to eat ? According to SeafoodWatch , in addition to Alaska 's wild caught salmon  the salmon now thankfully preserved in Bristol Bay and beyond  , you want to go with canned wild Alaska salmon , Atlantic mackerel and freshwater Coho salmon . Also ... sardines , the subject of the video at the top of this story . Wild-caught Pacific sardines are plentiful and quick to reproduce and do n't eat a lot of toxins during their short lives . And they can taste great , especially if you find larger filets and grill 'em up . Those are the best of the best . SeafoodWatch also counts as healthy choices sablefish/black cod from Alaska and the Canadian Pacific , and troll - or pole-caught albacore tuna from the United States or British Columbia . And if you ca n't get these , there are less sustainable and only sorta-toxic options in between , but it 's best to avoid the "  dirtiest of the dirty " fish , which include imported catfish and shrimp , bluefin tuna and Chilean sea bass . In general , stick with the fish on the healthy list , and you 'll be doing your body and the planet a big favor . Responsible fish eating wo n't solve all our ocean and fish problems around the globe . We still have to stop polluting the oceans and address climate change , which is hurting our nation 's water . But for starters , one thing you can do when you go out to eat or cook at home is pick fish that are good for you and good for the planet . It 's a simple and delicious step in the right direction . A recipe for a tasty grilled sardine dish accompanies this article . Care to share yours in the comments below ?	Sally Kohn : EPA is blocking mining in Alaska 's Bristol Bay to protect the healthy wild salmon Kohn : Pollution , climate change , overfishing threaten our stock of fish that are best to eat Kohn : One of the best is the Alaska wild salmon , another is tasty , healthy sardines Check out the easy recipe for grilled sardines from a Brooklyn , New York , chef
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama warned Tuesday of "  difficult days ahead " for Egypt and said the transition following President Hosni Mubarak 's earlier announcement that he wo n't run for re-election in September must begin immediately . In a brief statement to reporters at the White House , Obama pledged continuing U.S. support for both a longtime ally and the aspirations of protesting Egyptians , whose eight days of growing demonstrations led to Mubarak 's dramatic announcement on state television . "  We 've borne witness to the beginning of a new chapter in the history of a great country and a long-time partner of the United States , " Obama said of the Mubarak statement less than three hours earlier . Noting that he and Mubarak had just spoken by phone , Obama said Mubarak "  recognizes that the status quo is not sustainable and a change must take place . " Repeating earlier calls for an orderly transition in Egypt from Mubarak 's nearly three decades of repressive rule to a fully representative democracy , Obama said the transition "  must be meaningful , it must be peaceful and it must begin now . " "  Furthermore , the process must include a broad spectrum of Egyptian voices and opposition parties , " Obama said . "  It should lead to elections that are free and fair . And it should result in a government that 's not only grounded in democratic principles but is also responsive to the aspirations of the Egyptian people . " Earlier , sources told CNN that a U.S. envoy sent by Obama urged Mubarak to announce he wo n't run for re-election later this year , a major shift in foreign policy regarding the main Arab ally of the United States and a vital partner in the Middle East peace process because of its 1978 treaty with Israel . According to the sources , who spoke on condition of not being identified by name , former U.S. Ambassador to Egypt Frank Wisner conveyed the message to Mubarak in Egypt . It was unclear if the meeting was Monday or Tuesday . Until now , the street demonstrations in Egypt demanding Mubarak 's ouster had drawn a measured U.S. response that advocated step-by-step reforms for pro-democracy changes while maintaining stability . This week , though , calls increased for the Obama administration to push for Mubarak to step aside immediately or announce he would not be a candidate in the next presidential election scheduled for September . One of Egypt 's leading opposition figures , Mohamed ElBaradei , warned Monday that the United States needed to "  let go " of its longtime ally . "  You should n't be behind the curve , and you need to start building confidence with the people and not with the people who are smothering the people , " ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " The unrest in Egypt presented Obama with a complex issue that lacked easy answers . Egypt -- the main Arab ally of the United States -- is inexorably linked to neighboring Israel -- the main U.S. ally in the Middle East -- by a peace treaty that guarantees more than $ 1 billion a year in U.S. military aid to Mubarak 's government . Egypt also provides vital logistical and intelligence assistance to the United States , which has urged Mubarak for years to implement democratic reforms but always put the strategic benefits first . Daniel Kurtzer , the U.S. ambassador to Egypt from 1997 to 2001 , said the administration wants to both support "  an exceedingly strong ally " and promote democratic reform and more openness in "  a closed authoritarian society . " "  The United States is trying to find comfortable ground in which we can argue for both without abandoning an ally and without abandoning our principles , " Kurtzer told CNN on Monday . Egypt 's turmoil follows years of social , political and economic grievances that fueled the street protests that began last week and have since escalated . After ruling with an iron fist for three decades , Mubarak had given no indication of giving up power before his statement Tuesday night . However , ElBaradei and other opposition figures immediately condemned Mubarak 's announcement as insufficient , saying the president needed to step aside immediately for a caretaker government of national unity to lead Egypt until new presidential and parliamentary elections can be held . Obama 's statement avoided addressing the opposition demands , instead promising the demonstrators -- particularly young Egyptians looking to the United States for support and leadership -- that America supported their aspirations . "  We hear your voices , " Obama said . "  I have an unyielding belief that you will determine your own destiny and seize the promise of a better future for your children and your grandchildren . And I say that as someone who is committed to a partnership between the United States and Egypt . "  There will be difficult days ahead , " Obama continued . "  Many questions about Egypt 's future remain unanswered , but I am confident that the people of Egypt will find those answers . " In the past week , demonstrators in Egypt have questioned why Obama , who championed human rights and democracy in a 2009 speech in Cairo , was n't condemning Mubarak and applying pressure to help bring the changes they seek . ElBaradei , who returned to his native Egypt last week as an opposition figure last week , said Egyptians need to see that the United States is supporting their aspirations . "  People need to see that you not only talk the talk , but walk the walk , and people need to understand and believe that you really , seriously take democracy , rule of law , freedoms seriously , " ElBaradei said Sunday . Asking "  a dictator " to implement democratic reforms "  is an oxymoron , frankly . " On Monday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Egypt 's government should engage in "  meaningful negotiations with a broad section of civil society , including opposition groups , " and hold "  free and fair elections " in September . The transition called for by the United States "  means change , and what we 've advocated from the very beginning is that the way Egypt looks and operates must change , " Gibbs told reporters . At the same time , he said it is not the place of the United States to support or oppose the possible ouster of Mubarak . Some U.S. politicians disagreed . One of the U.S. Senate 's most influential foreign policy voices , Democrat John Kerry of Massachusetts , called Tuesday for Mubarak to step down , reflecting the rapidly changing consensus among top Washington policymakers . Kerry , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee , also said Mubarak 's son , Gamal , should not take the reins of power in Cairo . The U.S. government needs to start paying closer attention to the "  genuine political , legal and economic needs " of people in the Middle East , as opposed to consistently supporting friendly governments regardless of their domestic politics , Kerry said in an op-ed commentary published by the New York Times . "  For three decades , the United States pursued a Mubarak policy , " he wrote . "  Now we must look beyond the Mubarak era and devise an Egyptian policy . " To Marina Ottaway , director of the Middle East program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , the unrest in Egypt showed that the U.S. policy of backing Mubarak despite his poor record on political and human rights has failed to bring desired stability . Instead of what she labeled "  subtle " language such as endorsing an orderly transition , the United States should call for a government of national unity to take over until fully democratic elections for both the presidency and the parliament , Ottaway told CNN on Monday . CNN 's John King , Elise Labott and Tom Cohen contributed to this story	NEW : President Obama spoke to Egypt 's president on Tuesday NEW : Obama warns of difficult days ahead for Egypt and pledges continued partnership Mubarak announces he wo n't run for re-election An envoy for Obama urged Mubarak to drop his re-election plans
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia on Sunday released an Australian teen convicted of marijuana possession on the resort island of Bali after the boy spent two months in detention , a local prosecutor said . The 14-year-old was sentenced in late November to two months for marijuana use in a case that has drawn international attention . The sentence included time already served , local prosecutors said . He will leave Indonesia and will be blacklisted from re-entering the nation for six months , prosecutor Gusti Gede Putu Atmaja said . After he has arrested in October , the teen was moved from a prison to an immigration center because the latter is more favorable for a teenager , the prosecutor said . Authorities arrested him while he was on holiday with his parents in Bali . After the arrest , the boy 's attorney , Mohammad Rifan , said he had hoped to avoid a prison sentence and have him released to undergo drug rehabilitation . Indonesia 's drug laws are among the strictest in the world . But they have a provision , article 128 , under which those arrested with small amounts of drugs can be released to rehabilitation if they can prove they are an addict . In the case of underage offenders , that requires a declaration from the youth 's parents , officials have said . Visitors to the country are warned on arrival that some drug crimes carry a maximum penalty of death . Still , many have been arrested and convicted for various drug offenses . Two Australians are on death row in a Bali prison while six others are serving life sentences .	The teen 's sentence included time already served He is expected to leave Indonesia , the prosecutor says He is blacklisted from re-entering Indonesia for six months
CNN  The thing about the old card game of War is that anything can happen . In Chris Hemsworth 's case , he got drenched with water . The "  Blackhat " actor , appearing on "  The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , " took on the host in War , in which the competitors turn over playing cards , with the higher card designated the winner . In the Hemsworth-Fallon battle , there was an extra twist : After each card was turned , the winner got to throw a glass of water at the loser . At the conclusion , the person with the most wins got to soak the other with a water cannon . Hemsworth held his own in the early going , but things did n't turn out well for the Australian actor . Perhaps things go better in "  Blackhat , " which opens Friday .	Chris Hemsworth and Jimmy Fallon play Water War The pair turned over playing cards ; winner threw water at loser
CNN  -- Stacy Lewis of the United States conjured up a dream finish on the Old Course at St Andrews Sunday to capture the Women 's British Open title . Lewis birdied the famous Road Hole 17th then repeated the feat on the 18th to win by two shots from South Korean pair Choi Na Yeon and Park Hee Young . Lewis , who was claiming her second major after taking the Kraft Nabisco Championship in 2011 , carded a final round level-par 72 for eight-under 280 . South Korea 's Park Inbee , bidding for a historic fourth major of the year , struggled again in the blustery conditions and closed with a six-over 78 to finish tied for 42nd . The 25-year-old from Seoul admitted that she had struggled with the pressure of expectation . "  I 've gone through four rounds of intense pressure and I 'm sort of glad it is over , " said the World No. 1 . "  I almost feel relieved it is all over . It was hard being the center of attention all week and I feel exhausted . " Lewis , who won all five of her matches at St Andrews in 2008 as part of the winning American team in the amateur Curtis Cup , could scarcely take in her victory . "  This is unbelievable , " said Lewis . "  I fought so hard over every shot all day and then it happened so fast at the end . A couple of birdies and it was over . " She had trailed Choi by three at the turn , but mastered the conditions coming home . Her approach shot to five-feet at the 17th , "  probably the best shot of my career " proved the key to victory , followed by a 30-feet birdie putt at the last to seal the triumph . Fellow American Morgan Pressel led after the third round , completed Sunday morning after high winds caused play to be abandoned early the day before . Pressel closed with a 76 to finish tied for fourth on five under with Norway 's Suzann Pettersen  74  .	Stacy Lewis of United States wins Women 's British Open Finishes with a double birdie burst at St Andrews Second major for the 28-year-old Park Inbee of South Korea fails in attempt at fourth major in 2013
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Interest in President-elect Barack Obama 's inauguration is running so high that one ticket broker is asking $ 20,095 for a single ticket . The government has printed 250,000 tickets so far for Barack Obama 's presidential inauguration on January 20 . Entry to the biggest event in Washington is free if your congressman or senator grants your request , but with demand outpacing supply a traditional giveaway has turned into a thriving online marketplace . Legitimate ticket brokers -- the same companies that peddle tickets to rock concerts and NASCAR races -- are selling tickets to the swearing-in of Barack Obama for thousands of dollars , even for standing-room areas on the National Mall . Organizers of the inauguration say it violates the spirit of the event and could spell disappointment for people who buy tickets for the January 20 ceremony . "  We think it 's absolutely insane to be selling those tickets . We understand some people want to make a buck , but for those people thinking of buying tickets , it 's buyer beware , " warned Howard Gantman , staff director of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies . Watch why the tickets are going for top dollar " The government has printed 250,000 tickets so far , holding them in a secure location . For information on how to get one , check out http://inaugural.senate.gov/ . Ticket brokers act as middlemen , selling inaugural tickets they say they purchase from Capitol Hill employees and people who get them from members of Congress . Since the government releases tickets at the last minute -- less than a week before the inauguration -- ticket brokers can not ensure they will receive enough tickets to cover their orders . Web sites promise a full refund if tickets are not secured to buyers , but that offer may be little consolation to people who invest in a trip to Washington to see the inauguration . Since tickets do not have attendees ' names on them , Gantman said it 's inevitable some will be sold . "  Some will be distributed this way . It happens with baseball games and concerts . But we are going to take every step we can to make sure these tickets get into the hands of those who themselves intend to attend this event . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the chairwoman of the inauguration committee , said Monday she she was prepared to ask Congress to make it a crime to scalp inauguration tickets . "  We have heard reports that there are people trying to scalp Inaugural tickets for more than $ 40,000 each . This is unconscionable and must not be allowed , " Feinstein said in a statement . "  This inauguration will be the major civic event of our time , and these tickets are supposed to be free for the people . Nobody should have to pay for their tickets , " she added . The inaugural committee is alerting lawmakers that it is a violation of Congress ' code of ethics for members or staff to sell their tickets .	NEW : Sen. Feinstein threatens to make selling of inauguration tickets a crime Online ticket sites are selling inauguration tickets for thousands of dollars Ticket sellers ca n't guarantee that buyers will get tickets Government has printed 250,000 tickets for January 20 event
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Li Na fell at the first hurdle of the French Open Tuesday as she was defeated by the unseeded Kristina Mladenovic of France 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-1 . The world No. 2 's early exit follows that of men 's Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka , who lost Monday to Spanish outsider Guillermo Garcia-Lopez . For Mladenovic , the victory marked just the fifth match she has won this year . The 21-year-old won the girls title in Paris in 2009 but has struggled to replicate this success in the seniors and is currently ranked 103 in the world . "  After the draw I was n't very happy , but I made sure I prepared as well as I could and was ready to play my best tennis , " Mladenovic said in her post-match interview on Suzanne Lenglen . "  When I got on court , I thought , ` I 'm at home , be positive . ' "  I tried to get my forehand into play and attack her forehand whenever I could and it worked well . I 'm really glad I could produce such good tennis in front of all these supporters . " Li , a French Open winner in 2011 , committed 37 unforced errors compared to her opponent 's 25 and surrendered meekly in the final set . Her defeat marks the first time a ladies Australian Open winner has lost in the first round of the French since Lindsey Davenport in the year 2000 . Unsurprisingly , Li cut a dejected figure in her post-match press conference , telling reporters : "  Nobody says if you 're number two in the world you have to win all the matches . I mean , this is tennis . "  I think it does n't matter who plays today against me , I always lose because I do n't think I put pressure on her . I think today I gave away the match . I think today is not about tennis , so many things are wrong . " Elsewhere on Tuesday , Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki was eliminated 7-6 , 6-4 , 6-2 in the opening round by Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer . The 13th seed , whose engagement to golfer Rory McIlroy was broken off last week , has only once advanced past round three in Paris -- in 2010 . Fourth seed Simona Halep , from Romania , cruised past Russian opponent Alisa Kleybanova 6-0 , 6-2 in just 55 minutes and will now face Britain 's Heather Watson who overcame Barbora Zahlavova Strycova , from the Czech Republic . Serbian No. 6 seed Jelena Jankovic and compatriot Ana Ivanovic -- the 2008 winner -- both secured second round berths , as did 21-year-old American Sloane Stephens . In the men 's draw , fourth seed David Ferrer , from Spain , made light work of his opening encounter , dispatching Dutchman Igor Sijsling 6-4 , 6-3 , 6-1 . Andy Murray , the reigning Wimbledon champion , took four sets to see off the challenge of Andrey Golubev from Kazakhstan , 6-1 , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 . Murray has been trying to rediscover his best form after back surgery last year and he told the tournament 's official website : "  I 've been moving fairly well the last couple of weeks . "  It was windy , especially at the start . You want to dictate as many points as you can but when it 's breezy , it 's tricky to stick to your tactics . I did n't go for my shots too much . I just tried to be patient . " Murray has been without a coach since parting with Ivan Lendl earlier this year , but he joked that he is finding it hard to appoint a successor . "  Have I found a coach ? Hopefully soon . I 'm trying but not many people want to work with me so it 's not that easy , " he added . Gregor Dimitrov , the No. 11 seed from Bulgaria , was dumped out by Croatian veteran Ivan Karlovic , who won his first match at the French Open since 2007 . There were also wins for France 's No. 12 seed Richard Gasquet over Bernard Tomic , of Australia , and his compatriot Gael Monfils . See also : Wawrinka sent packing in Paris See also : Does Paris need invincible Nadal ?	Li Na defeated in first round of French Open by unseeded Kristina Mladenovic World No. 2 and 2011 champion from China defeated in three sets 7-5 3-6 6-1 Caroline Wozniacki ousted in first match since split with golfer Rory McIlroy David Ferrer and Andy Murray through to second round in men 's draw
CNN  -- Are Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon done ? It 's not over 'til it 's over , but Cannon admitted , "  There is trouble in paradise . " He told The Insider With Yahoo , "  We have been living in separate houses for a few months . " News of the split came amid escalating rumors about their relationship . When reached for comment , Carey 's rep said , "  I do n't comment on Mariah 's personal life . " Cannon and Carey wed in April 2008 , after a six-week whirlwind courtship that started when Cannon was cast in Carey 's "  Love Story " music video . In 2011 , the couple welcomed twins , a son named Morrocan and a daughter named Monroe . Cannon has previously shot down rumors of their separation : "  That 's my soul mate , " Cannon told Big Boi during an interview in March . In May , Cannon again denied that their marriage was on the rocks . "  There 's no merit or truth to it , " he told Parade . "  It could n't be further off from the truth . "	Cannon confirms that the couple has separated He earlier shared details of his single sex life In May , Cannon denied that there was marital trouble
CNN  -- Donald Sterling -- the longtime owner of the Los Angeles Clippers -- is under investigation by the NBA for "  offensive and disturbing " remarks he allegedly made about African-Americans . Sterling , who has owned the franchise for nearly three decades , made the comments in a 10-minute argument he had with girlfriend V. Stiviano on April 9 , according to TMZ , which posted the audio late Friday . If authentic , the remarks seem to reflect Sterling 's embarrassment and frustration with Stiviano over her associating with African-Americans at Clippers games and for posting such pictures on her Instagram account . Clippers president Andy Roeser on Saturday questioned the recording and suggested a woman -- whom he does n't mention by name -- was "  getting even " with Sterling over a lawsuit . Reaction : ` Disturbing and offensive ' NBA commissioner Adam Silver said at a press conference in Memphis on Saturday night that the league 's investigation will seek to determine whether the tape is authentic and to figure out the context in which these "  offensive and disturbing " comments were made . Silver cautioned that Sterling must be afforded due process , so he would not speculate on any possible punishment , if any -- but said that the investigation will move "  extraordinarily quickly . " Speaking about the recording , Roeser said , "  we do not know if it is legitimate or it has been altered . We do know that the woman on the tape -- who we believe released it to TMZ -- is the defendant in a lawsuit brought by the Sterling family alleging that she embezzled more than $ 1.8 million , who told Mr. Sterling that she would "  get even . " TMZ does not say who made the recording or how the celebrity-centric website obtained it . Attempts to reach Stiviano on Saturday were unsuccessful . She is part African-American , according to the recording . The man alleged to be Sterling takes particular exception to a photo she posted to Instagram with NBA icon Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " the man says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " she responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird , the longtime Boston Celtics star , was Johnson 's NBA rival . "  I 've known -LSB- Magic -RSB- well and he should be admired ... . I 'm just saying that it 's too bad you ca n't admire him privately , " the man on the recording says . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put -LSB- Magic -RSB- on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me . And do n't bring him to my games . " Johnson responded Saturday afternoon via his verified Twitter account . "  I feel sorry for my friends Coach Doc Rivers and Chris Paul that they have to work for a man that feels that way about African Americans " read a tweet from @MagicJohnson . "  I will never go to a Clippers game again as long as Donald Sterling is the owner , " read another . Roeser said that Sterling is upset and apologizes for sentiments attributed to him about Earvin Johnson . " -LSB- Sterling -RSB- has long considered Magic a friend and has only the utmost respect and admiration for him -- both in terms of who he is and what he has achieved . " Sterling is "  emphatic that what is reflected on that recording is not consistent with , nor does it reflect his views , beliefs or feelings , " Roeser said . "  I do n't know if I 'm surprised or not , " Clippers head coach Doc Rivers said at the team 's practice Saturday , adding that he "  obviously " did n't like the comments . Rivers , who is in his first year coaching the team , told reporters that he did n't want the controversy to distract from the playoffs . He said he would be the sole person speaking on behalf of the team . The players union 's response will be led by NBA player-turned-mayor of Sacramento Kevin Johnson . "  The reported comments made by Clippers owner Donald Sterling are reprehensible and unacceptable , " he said in a statement . Former players universally denounced the recorded comments . "  Should this guy continue to be an owner ? " asked Shaquille O'Neal , who also called the comments "  repugnant . " "  We can not have an NBA owner discriminating against the league , " said Charles Barkley . "  We 're a black league . " Both discussed the issue during the Atlanta Hawks-Indiana Pacers halftime program on TNT , which like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . In an interesting wrinkle , Sterling is set to be given a lifetime achievement award at an event next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the Los Angeles NAACP . The Clippers are set to play the Golden State Warriors in Oakland on Sunday in the fourth game in their best-of-seven playoff series . Silver said Sterling has agreed to not attend . Golden State head coach Mark Jackson said that he was "  disappointed in the comments made . I think there 's no place in society for those feelings . "	NEW : NBA commissioner says "  we will move extraordinarily quickly " TMZ posts audio allegedly of Clippers owner Donald Sterling arguing with his girlfriend Clippers president questions recording ; suggests a woman was "  getting even " Clippers coach says he is dismayed by comments ; Sterling wo n't attend Sunday 's game
The U.S. Army plans to launch two stationary "  blimps " at 10,000-feet in the air next week to better protect the Washington , D.C. area from cruise missiles and other possible air attacks . It 's part of a three-year test by the North American Aerospace Defense Command of the so-called JLENS System , which is designed to work with already-existing air defense technology . The tethered large balloons , called aerostats , carry technology that will almost double the reach of current ground radar detection , officials said . The JLENS manufacturer , Raytheon Corp. , says the system can provide radar coverage to an area the size of Texas . It will "  increase decision time available to respond efficiently and accurately for the defense of the National Capital Region , " NORAD said . The JLENS system -- which stands for Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor -- has no firing capability . Any response to missile attacks would still come from ground missiles , ships and airplanes , according to NORAD . The balloons will fly above the Army 's Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland and do not carry any cameras . "  It 's not for surveillance , " said NORAD spokesman Michael Kucharek . "  It 's simply for the detection of cruise missiles . " The 242-foot-long aerostats will be tethered to the ground by 1 ⅛ - thick "  super-strong " cables , according to Raytheon . The tethering system is designed to withstand 100 mph winds and had no problems in 106 mph winds during testing , the company said . The helium-filled aerostats can stay aloft for up to 30 days at a time , making it five to seven times cheaper to operate than using aircraft for the task , Raytheon says . NORAD says the JLENS system will be crewed by 130 personnel at the Maryland base . The agency is working with the FAA so the balloons wo n't impede air traffic , Kucharek said . Weather permitting , a launch is planned for Monday , just in time to aid NORAD in its most important December task . "  We fully intend to take the information gathered by the system and use it to track Santa , " Kucharek said .	Army will test balloons around Washington , D.C. that guard against cruise missiles It 's a three-year test of the JLENS system and doubles radar capabilities , Army says "  It 's not for surveillance , " just for cruise missiles , NORAD spokesman explains NORAD also will use the system to track Santa Claus on Christmas Eve
CNN  -- Fears of an imminent terrorist attack in Yemen caused the United States to order some Americans to leave the country on Tuesday , while Britain pulled out its embassy staff amid continuing strife . A pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes killed four al Qaeda militants , and a bomb tossed into a mosque west of the capital , Sanaa , killed one person and injured 12 , police told the state news agency SABA . The U.S. security posture throughout the Middle East , and especially in Yemen , was heightened this week after officials intercepted a message from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to a top ally in Yemen telling him to "  do something . " According to sources , the message was sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , who U.S. intelligence believes was recently appointed the overall terror organization 's No. 2 leader . A convergence of developments -- the intercept and increased intelligence "  chatter " indicating final planning for an attack ; a series of prison breaks linked to al Qaeda that freed hundreds of convicted or suspected terrorists in Iraq , Libya and Pakistan ; and the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan -- caused U.S. officials to issue a worldwide travel alert and close embassies and consulates this week across Africa and the Middle East . Tuesday 's withdrawal of non-emergency government personnel further escalated the security precautions . "  In response to a request from the U.S. State Department , early this morning the U.S. Air Force transported personnel out of Sanaa , Yemen , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said in a statement . CNN 's Barbara Starr was told that two military planes carrying as many as 90 Americans from Yemen were enroute to Ramstein Air Base in Germany . At the State Department , spokesperson Jen Psaki said Tuesday that ordering out non-emergency personnel was in response to a "  specific , immediate " threat that also caused other precautionary steps such as the extended closing of diplomatic facilities announced Sunday . The British Foreign Office also announced Tuesday that "  all staff in the British Embassy " in Yemen had been "  temporarily withdrawn and the embassy will remain closed until staff are able to return . " It cited "  increased security concerns " for the move . In Washington , the Yemeni Embassy issued a statement criticizing the foreign withdrawals . "  Yemen has taken all necessary precautions to ensure the safety and security of foreign missions in the capital , " said the statement by Yemen 's foreign affairs ministry . "  While the government of Yemen appreciates foreign governments ' concern for the safety of their citizens , the evacuation of embassy staff serves the interests of the extremists and undermines the exceptional cooperation between Yemen and the international alliance against terrorism . " Psaki , however , said the decision to pull out non-emergency personnel "  does n't have an impact " on the broader U.S. relationship with the Yemeni government , noting that Secretary of State John Kerry spoke Monday night with Yemen 's president "  to thank him for his efforts around this announcement . " Security sources who told CNN about the latest drone strikes provided no additional details . A Yemeni official said four drone strikes have been carried out in the past 10 days . None of those killed in the two strikes on Tuesday were among the 25 names on the country 's most-wanted list , security officials said . Separately , American special forces units overseas have been on alert for the past several days awaiting a mission to attack potential al Qaeda targets if those behind the most recent terror threats against U.S. interests can be identified , a senior Obama administration official told CNN . The official declined to identify the units or their locations because of the sensitive nature of the information . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel put the units on alert last week , the official said . According to the White House and State Department , the substantial security steps reflect an "  abundance of caution " over intelligence information that indicated final planning by al Qaeda in Yemen for possible terrorist attacks on Western targets to coincide with the end of Ramadan . On Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that U.S. anti-terrorism efforts had decimated al Qaeda 's global leadership and greatly diminished its core in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying the threat had "  shifted to some of these affiliates , in particular AQAP . " ` Do something ' The intercepted message among senior al Qaeda operatives over the past several days further intensified concerns already heightened by increased terrorist chatter detected by intelligence agencies , as well as the prison breaks . U.S. and Yemeni officials had already spent weeks watching a rising stream of intelligence about the possibility of a major terrorist attack in Yemen , so the message from al-Zawahiri to the AQAP leader caused them to fear imminent terrorist action . Along with the intercepted message , U.S. officials cautioned there may be multiple sources of intelligence , including intercepts of electronic information from phone calls and web postings and the interrogation of couriers or other operatives . Opinion : What 's behind timing of terror threat Asked Monday about the prison breaks , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf called them "  a concern for the international community " that is "  separate and apart " from the U.S. concern about the latest specific terrorist threat . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen , however , noted that al Qaeda "  actually announced a year ago that they were going to do this campaign of releasing prisoners from prison and they conducted something like seven prison assaults -- a couple of which have been quite successful . " Prison breaks A senior official with Iraq 's interior ministry told CNN on condition of not being identified that top officials of al Qaeda in Iraq , including Adnan Ismail Najim Abdullah al-Dulaimi , escaped from Abu Ghraib prison during the jailbreak there last month and remains at large . Bergen noted that a 2006 prison break in Sanaa led to the creation of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , one of the terrorist organization 's most virulent affiliates . Although the prison breaks are not the main reason for the raised terror threat , said CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank , "  it is part of the background music . " Prison breaks can often strengthen terrorist groups because "  some of these guys are likely to be seasoned operatives , " he added . To CNN National Security Contributor Frances Fragos Townsend , the timing of the prison breaks and increased intelligence chatter building up to the end of Ramadan signaled heightened al Qaeda activity that required precautionary steps in response . She noted that in the run-up to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , "  the government failed to connect dots . " "  These seem like dots that ought to be connected , " said Townsend , a former homeland security and anti-terrorism adviser to the Bush administration . "  You can figure out later whether or not you were right . " Is rash of brazen prison breaks related ? Interpol wants to know Another dot she cited was that al-Zawahiri recently appointed Wuhayshi to be the new general manager of the global al Qaeda network . A high-profile attack orchestrated by Wuhayshi would cement the Yemeni 's new position in the al Qaeda hierarchy , Townsend said . According to a U.S. official with access to the latest intelligence , Wuhayshi 's appointment as a top global al Qaeda figure would almost certainly have required back-and-forth communication between AQAP and al Qaeda central . Over the weekend , Interpol warned that al Qaeda has been tied to the prison breaks on July 23 in Iraq , on July 26 in Libya and four days later in Pakistan . End of Ramadan Another factor prompting the embassy and consulate closures is the end of Ramadan . Depending on when a new crescent moon is seen , the Muslim holy month could end Wednesday or Thursday . Ramadan 's end is celebrated with the Eid al-Fitr festivities -- a three-day holiday in most Muslim countries . The State Department , in announcing its embassy and consulate closures , said "  a number of our embassies and consulates were going to be closed in accordance with local custom and practice for the bulk of the week for the Eid celebration at the end of Ramadan . " Strategic reason Townsend said there could be a strategic reason for shutting down the diplomatic offices . "  Once you take targets away , it buys you additional time to try and disrupt , to identify the cell , the operators in country and the region , and work with your partners in the region to try and ... get them in custody or disrupt the plot , " she said . "  So , some of this operationally is about buying time . " List of closures A total of 19 U.S. embassies and consulates will be closed Monday through Saturday . The following 15 were part of the original list of 20 diplomatic facilities closed Sunday : U.S. Embassy Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates U.S. Embassy Amman , Jordan U.S. Embassy Cairo , Egypt U.S. Consulate Dhahran , Saudi Arabia U.S. Embassy Djibouti , Djibouti U.S. Embassy Doha , Qatar U.S. Consulate Dubai , United Arab Emirates U.S. Consulate Jeddah , Saudi Arabia U.S. Embassy Khartoum , Sudan U.S. Embassy Kuwait City , Kuwait U.S. Embassy Manama , Bahrain U.S. Embassy Muscat , Oman U.S. Embassy Riyadh , Saudi Arabia U.S. Embassy Sanaa , Yemen U.S. Embassy Tripoli , Libya The following four embassies have been added : U.S. Embassy Antananarivo , Madagascar U.S. Embassy Bujumbura , Burundi U.S. Embassy Kigali , Rwanda U.S. Embassy Port Louis , Mauritius CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty , Dana Bash , Hamdi Alkhshali , Chris Lawrence , Evan Perez , Gloria Borger , Jim Acosta , Mohammed Jamjoom , NuNu Japaridze , Bharati Naik , Karen Smith and Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : The State Department says withdrawal of personnel is in response to a specific threat Security steps increase in Yemen due to intercepted al Qaeda message , other threats A pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes kills four al Qaeda militants "  Do something , " ordered a message from al Qaeda 's leader to his Yemeni deputy
CNN  -- Until he returned home this weekend , Merrill Newman -- an American held in North Korea -- had no idea what a story he 'd become . During his detention , the 85-year-old veteran of the Korean War had no access to news . He has since seen the flood . "  Looking at the television and newspaper reports , I 've seen a lot of speculation about why I was detained . I 've given considerable thought to this and have come to the conclusion that I just did n't understand that , for the North Korean regime , the Korean War is n't over and that even innocent remarks about the war can cause big problems if you are a foreigner , " he said in a statement Monday . Newman traveled in October as a tourist to North Korea on a 10-day organized tour . Authorities nabbed him just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang . Merrill talks about his time in North Korean custody In his statement , Newman describes what he thinks might have set them off . "  I innocently asked my North Korean guides whether some of those who fought in the war in the Mount Kuwol area might still be alive , and expressed an interest in possibly meeting them if they were . The North Koreans seem to have misinterpreted my curiosity as something more sinister , " he wrote . "  It is now clear to me the North Koreans still feel much more anger about the war than I realized . With the benefit of hindsight , I should have been more sensitive to that . " For weeks , the North Korean government offered no explanation as to why they were holding Newman . An explanation finally came last month , when state media published and broadcast what they described as the Korean War veteran 's "  apology . " The word was written atop the first of four handwritten pages detailing his alleged indiscretions . In the note dated November 9 , Newman talked about his having advised the Kuwol unit , part of the "  intelligence bureau " fighting against Pyongyang during the Korean War . He detailed how he commanded troops to collect "  information " and wage deadly attacks . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to that report . In his statement , Newman distanced himself from those comments . "  Anyone who has read the text of it or who has seen the video of me reading it knows that the words were not mine and were not delivered voluntarily . Anyone who knows me knows that I could not have done the things they had me ` confess ' to , " he wrote . Newman said he was treated well during his detention . His release coincided with a visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden to South Korea , where he laid a wreath in honor of those who died in the war that pitted North against South . A senior administration official said that Newman 's release was the result of direct contact between Washington and Pyongyang . The official said the North Koreans had told the Obama administration in a telephone call that they were releasing Newman ; no explanation was offered . Newman thanked Biden , the U.S. State Department , the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang and family and friends in his statement . He also asked that people not forget Kenneth Bae , another American being held in North Korea . Bae was arrested in 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years for so-called hostile acts and attempts to topple the government . "  I know there is a lot of interest in this , and I 'll do my best to answer as many questions as I can , " wrote Newman . "  For now , let me finish by saying again how great it is to be back home , safe , and with my loved ones . " Kim Jong Un 's uncle ousted from military post Opinion : North Korea 's Kim there to stay CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Another American is still being held by North Korean authorities Merrill Newman , 85 , was detained in October He returned to the United States this weekend "  The North Koreans seem to have misinterpreted my curiosity , " he says
CNN  With help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time . Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including Bill "  Bojangles " Robinson and Frank Sinatra . There were motion pictures made of Barker , but she had never seen any of them . Moreover , her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years . So she had never seen herself actually dancing -- until now . Mark Cantor of jazz-on-film . com and some volunteers put together a video of "  soundies " -- early music videos -- and showed them to Barker at the nursing home where she lives . The ageless dancer was delighted . "  It 's just fabulous , " she said .	Alice Barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s Thanks to filmmakers , Barker -- now 102 -- finally saw herself dance
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	Soldier 's death in Kandahar operations brings monthly international death toll to 47 Previous monthly record for coalition forces was 46 in June and August 2008 News comes as British death toll in Afghanistan surpasses number of dead in Iraq Death toll grows amid intense fighting in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold
Liege , Belgium  CNN  -- Flowers , teddy bears and candles mark the spot Wednesday where a gunman tossed grenades into a crowded Liege market square a day before , claiming several lives and wounding scores more . The mood in Place St. Lambert , a square which would normally be bustling with Christmas shoppers , was somber Wednesday as Belgians took stock of an attack unprecedented in their history . Workers at the Christmas market opened up their stalls , housed in wooden cabins , but trade was slow . One woman said they had been told they could start trading later , if they wanted first to pay tribute to the five people killed and 130 wounded before the attacker , Liege resident Nourdine Amrani , apparently took his own life . Market stall holder Julie Six-Bourgoin was still shaking as she talked about Tuesday 's attack , calling it "  horrible " and comparing its effect on the peaceful country to that of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Other people in the city said that Christmas would not be the same and that they could not understand why the attack occurred . Officials say Amrani , 33 , who had no record of mental illness , hurled his three grenades and fired a pistol and semi-automatic weapon from an elevated walkway above a bus stop in the square . The attack seemed to have left the city 's people with a new sense of vulnerability , with those waiting for buses Wednesday standing back under the walkway , as if to protect themselves from another aerial assault . Chunks missing from a granite wall testified to the ferocity of the grenade blasts , with bullet holes also pocking the hard surface . One mother who was a few yards away from the gunman when he opened fire said she now feared for the safety of her children . Another recounted how her children had left school early and passed through the bus stop only shortly before it was attacked , narrowly avoiding the tragedy . In a restaurant , near-silence replaced the usual hubbub , as people appeared to withdraw into themselves , reflecting on the tragedy just a day earlier . So far , public anger over the attack seems limited . Few questions have yet been asked about how a man convicted of weapons offenses was able to get his hands on guns and grenades . The owner of one of the city 's two main gun stores , which appeared to stock dozens of automatic-style weapons , said he knew Amrani but refused to answer further questions . Police are investigating whether Amrani bought the weapons used in the attack on the black market , said Katrin Delcourt , spokeswoman for the provincial governor 's office . She said Amrani , who held a French hunting license under which he bought at least one firearm before his 2008 conviction , was skilled in using and maintaining weapons . A woman , said to be a cleaner in her late 40s , was found dead in a residence next to a workshop where Amrani once grew marijuana , local police said . But he seems to have kept a relatively low profile in the area . Neighbors of Amrani who spoke to CNN said they had seldom seen him around . One man said he had realized Amrani was a neighbor only after recognizing his picture in a newspaper . Amrani , a Belgian citizen , had been released from prison on conditional parole in October 2010 but returned to the attention of police in November this year . He had been asked to attend a police interview on the day of the attack in connection with allegations of sexual offenses , the Liege prosecutor said . So far , public scrutiny has not yet turned to why he was not arrested and brought in for questioning , given his track record . But as the city 's shock fades and investigations continue into what led him to launch his deadly gun and grenade rampage , such questions will likely come to the forefront . CNN 's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Residents of Liege say they are shocked by the attack and fear for their children 's safety The motivation of attacker Nourdine Amrani , 33 , is not known , police say Neighbors say they saw little of the suspect , who lived in Liege Amrani , previously convicted of arms offenses , was known to a local gun store owner
CNN  -- A mother 's plot to blame a stranger for killing her sons went awry when one of the boys survived and told police how Michelle Kehoe cut his throat , then moved on to his younger brother , an Iowa prosecutor said Thursday . Police found the 7-year-old covered in dried blood in the family van the morning of October 27 , 2008 , in a secluded area near a pond east of Littleton . Beside the van , his 2-year-old brother lay dead , his throat also slashed . "  She cut me , " the boy said in a high-pitched voice in an audio recording that was played Thursday in Kehoe 's first-degree murder trial . Kehoe , of Coralville , Iowa , has pleaded not guilty to charges of first-degree murder , attempted murder and child endangerment causing serious injury . Before the trial , her lawyers filed a notice of intent to present an insanity defense , according to court records . Kehoe 's lawyers chose to reserve their opening arguments for the start of their case . Dressed in a blue and white striped blouse , Kehoe frowned as she listened to her son 's voice on the recording , occasionally bowing her head . The boy had locked himself in the van overnight after his mother slashed him and his younger brother the previous day and left them for dead , Assistant Iowa Attorney General Andrew Prosser said in his opening statement . Kehoe then walked to a nearby pond and attempted to kill herself by slashing her throat with the same weapon , a camouflage-handle Winchester hunting knife she bought the month before , Prosser said . When it became apparent she was not going to die , the prosecutor said , she staggered half a mile down the road to the nearest home and told a story she 'd concocted weeks before of how a stranger abducted the family , killed her sons and tried to kill her . But when authorities went searching for the stranger , they instead found her 7-year-old son in the car and his younger brother dead outside the driver 's side . "  Do you know where you 're injured at ? " Deputy Stephen Peterson asked the boy in the recording . "  Just my throat , " the boy said . "  Who did that to you ? " "  My mom . " The boy said his mother also put duct tape over his eyes , nose and mouth , but that he pulled them off after his mother left him . "  She was hurting my baby brother , " he said . Kehoe began plotting the attack the month before with the purchase of the knife and the duct tape , Prosser said . She allegedly chose the date of the incident to coincide with when her husband , Gene , was scheduled to take a yoga class , telling him they were going to visit her mother at a nursing home in Sumner . Police also say they found signs of a cover-up at the scene , including pieces of a first-aid kit scattered around the scene and a handwritten note documenting the attack , Prosser said . The note detailed how a man broke into the car when the family stopped at a gas station and forced them to the area where the van was found . Kehoe tried to fight him off with pepper spray but he knocked her unconscious , the note said , according to the prosecutor . Police said Kehoe later told them she had written the note in the midst of the attack to explain what had happened to those who would find the scene , according to the prosecutor . "  And the note , which you 'll see , ends with , ` Oh no , here he comes again ... ' " Prosser told the jury . Kehoe faces life in prison without parole if convicted of first-degree murder for her son 's death .	Michelle Kehoe slashed sons ' throats , left them for dead , tried to kill herself , prosecutor says Iowa jury hears tape of surviving boy telling police his mother cut him , hurt brother Prosecutors say Kehoe hatched plan month before to blame attacks on stranger Kehoe 's lawyers have filed a notice of intent to present an insanity defense
Beijing  CNN  -- China has suspended approvals of nuclear plants so safety standards can be revised while Japan grapples with its nuclear crisis , Chinese state-run media reported Wednesday . Safety standards will be revised in China following the explosions and fires at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi plant in the wake of a 9.0-magnitude quake and resulting tsunami , Xinhua reported . The decision was made at a Chinese cabinet meeting Wednesday , the news agency reported . The state council , or cabinet , "  has required relevant departments to do safety checks at existing plants , according to a statement released after the meeting , which was presided over by Premier Wen Jiabao , " the report said . Reactors at China 's six nuclear power plants already in operation are safe , the report said . But , "  Before the revised safety standards are approved , all new nuclear power plants , including pre-construction works , should be suspended , according to the statement . " The country is not affected by radioactive leakage from the Japanese plant , the report said .	China will revise safety standards for new nuclear plants China 's 6 nuclear power plants are safe , the government says
A Facebook policy that asks users to provide real names on profiles has people from all walks of life worrying their accounts might be in jeopardy . Several gay and transgender entertainers reported last week that Facebook temporarily suspended their personal accounts for not providing their "  real name . " San Francisco drag queen Sister Roma -- a member of activist group Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence -- begrudgingly made the change on her personal profile to Michael Williams , a name she has not used publicly for 27 years . She registered her contempt for the policy on social media , leading others to come forward with similar claims using the hashtag #MyNameIs . Since then , the issue has raised concern beyond the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community that anyone could lose their account for not agreeing to Facebook 's definition of a "  real name . " It also raises questions around identity and the right to self-determination on social media -- whether you 're a drag queen , a mental health provider or an everyday user grasping for some semblance of privacy . Facebook met Wednesday with San Francisco city officials and activists , including Roma , to discuss the policy . For now , the policy remains unchanged , but Facebook said it would "  temporarily reactivate " the profiles of several hundred members of the LGBT community who 'd been affected . "  We had a good discussion with the group about their perspectives on our real name standard , and we stressed how the standard helps prevent bad behavior while creating a safer and more accountable environment , " Facebook spokesman Andrew Souvall said . "  Over the next two weeks , we hope that they will decide to confirm their real name , change their name to their real name , or convert their profile to a Page . " Many people use fake names on Facebook for safety reasons , Roma said . Victims of stalking and relationship abuse have a right to participate in social media anonymously , as do members of the LGBT community who can not safely be "  out , " she said . Public figures such as Roma have spent years building personas under their drag names on Facebook and continue to rely on it for socializing and networking . "  This is bigger than the trans community , " Roma said . "  I do n't have a problem with Facebook . I have a problem with the policy . It 's shortsighted , and I do n't think  Facebook  realizes the far-reaching implications of this policy . " What 's in a ` real name ' ? Many outside the LGBT community sided with Roma 's view of the policy , calling the right to anonymity "  an important element of free speech . " But with more than 1 billion users , Facebook says it relies on the community to self-police , suggesting that other users may have reported Roma and her contemporaries . "  We require everyone to provide their real names , so you always know who you 're connecting with . This helps keep our community safe , " its name and birthday policy states . If people want to use alternative names on Facebook , they have several different options , Souvall said . They can provide aliases under their names on their profiles , or create fan pages specifically for those alternative personas . "  As part of our overall standards , we ask that people who use Facebook provide their real name on their profile , " Souvall said . So , what 's a real name ? The name you use on your credit card , driver 's license or student ID , according to Facebook . Nicknames are allowed as a first or middle name if they 're a variation of your real first or last name . Memoir details transgender sibling 's journey For many , it 's not enough . Blissom Booblé is a retired burlesque dancer who does advocacy work for LGBT homeless youth and HIV awareness , but her main source of income comes from being a flight attendant . Using a "  pen name " on her personal profile allows her to earn a living "  while also doing work that I feel is vital " but not always recognized as acceptable . "  Facebook is key to connection for just about everyone these days , and many of us are known more by our chosen names than by our legal ones . My concern is that this rule has less to do with names and more to do with whose identity is acceptable versus whose identity is not . " Those who no longer identify by their real name worry it will cause confusion among friends and professional contacts . New York drag queen Ruby Roo reluctantly changed his Facebook profile last week to his legal name so he would not lose friends and contacts going back to his high school years . Still , he 's worried that people who never knew him as Christopher Van Cleave will ignore his messages and posts . "  It 's like Facebook is telling me I ca n't promote myself in the way I wan na promote myself , personally or professionally , " he said . "  While my drag career is my business , my only source of income , if Facebook wants us to use fan pages then they need to give us the same benefits that regular profiles have , like tagging statuses and pictures . " At least one person says he was targeted , even though he used his real name . Chase Silva was born in Hawaii , and his full name is Chase Nahooikaikakeolamauloaokalani Silva , according to a birth certificate posted on his Facebook account . Silva says he also received a notification from Facebook temporarily suspending his account because "  it looks like you 're not using your real name . " "  I am a proud Hawaiian who wants to be able display my Hawaiian given name , " Silva said in a Facebook post . He did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Doctors , mental health professionals and therapists also are known to use pseudonyms or fake names so clients can not friend them . "  It is counterproductive for a client of mine seeking mental health services to be able to , especially at the beginning of our work together , know and see me as I appear on Facebook , " said Benjamin Harden , a pre-doctoral therapist intern in the San Francisco Bay Area , who uses a fake name on Facebook . "  Many of my colleagues also use a fake last name to prevent this exact type of access by our clients . " Public pages vs. personal profiles The policy also raises concerns among entertainers and public figures who maintain personal and professional Facebook accounts under their stage names . A coalition of performers launched an online petition asking Facebook to let them use stage names on personal accounts . "  Our chosen names are an important part of our identities and how we interact with our peers and audiences , " the petition says . "  We build our networks , community , and audience under the names we have chosen , and forcing us to switch our names after years of operating under them has caused nothing but confusion and pain by preventing us from presenting our profiles under the names we have built them up with . " The petition , which has drawn nearly 20,000 signatures so far , cites safety from stalkers and overzealous fans as one reason performers use stage names on public pages and personal profiles . Sex educator Sunny Megatron  not her real last name  is a frequent talk show guest , and has a show debuting on Showtime this fall . Over the years she said she has received numerous emails from stalkers threatening to attack her in her home . "  Divulging my real name publicly could very well put me and my family in danger . Anonymity is important not only to people in the public eye but to anyone who may feel threatened having their private info publicly available . " The petition also cites the limited functionality of public pages , implying that Facebook has financial motivations for pushing performers to use fan pages . Business pages only reach about 16 % of their fans on average , according to Facebook 's own accounting , but many performers can not afford to pay $ 30 or more to boost posts , the petition states . Megatron uses her public page to engage with fans , but it 's a "  one-way street " because she can not post or comment on other people 's pages using her public account . That 's why she uses her personal profile under her stage name for socializing , networking and building business opportunities . "  Engagement on business pages is a fraction of what it is on personal pages . Although I have three times the amount of followers on my business page as my personal , the interaction just is n't there , " Megatron said . "  If I want to interact with them I need to have a personal page that I also do some business on , " she said . "  And , frankly , in this day and age when you freelance , it 's nearly impossible to completely separate online personal interactions from online business interactions . Any interaction could generate business . "	Facebook temporarily reactivates hundreds of profiles after meeting with activists LGBT performers cry foul over Facebook policy requiring them to use their real names Policy worries others who use pseudonyms or fake names for safety , privacy concerns Facebook says enforcing real identities helps keep the community safe
CNN  -- An Internet video from what its posters said was one of the anti-government demonstrations last weekend in Iran shows police vehicles driving into crowds of protesters and running over at least one . In the video -- shot Sunday , according to the posting on the Web site YouTube -- green-and-white police trucks rush into crowds of protesters in the capital , Tehran . Demonstrators scatter , but one truck drives into a crowd trapped in a narrow street with a wall on one side and parked cars on the other . The camera follows the truck as it backs away , and a person briefly can be seen crumpled in the street where the truck had been . When the camera returns to the spot , another police truck drives over the person . Other protesters rush to the downed person 's aid ; it was not clear whether that person was killed . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the video , or another one obtained by CNN that shows a woman who was reportedly killed when hit by a car driven by members of the Basij , an Iranian paramilitary group . That video shows protesters transferring her body from a clinic near where she was reportedly killed to another hospital to keep her remains out of reach of security forces . Iranian authorities have said seven people were killed during Sunday 's protests , which were held on the Shiite Muslim holiday of Ashura . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday the demonstrations were staged by "  the Zionists and the Americans , " according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . The demonstrations were the deadliest since June , when protests following the country 's disputed presidential election left eight dead . Iranian security forces reportedly have been holding the bodies of protesters killed during the clashes . Iranian authorities say they are holding the bodies for autopsies , but the delay prevents family members from burying the bodies within 24 hours , as Islamic custom requires . Iran 's chief prosecutor , Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi , told reporters that seven people were killed in Sunday 's clashes . Most died after being struck with "  hard objects or due to similar causes , " Dolatabadi said .	Video 's posters say it shows Iranian police driving into crowds of demonstrators Truck drives over person in video , which posters say was recorded Sunday Seven people were killed in anti-government protests in Iran Sunday , authorities say
