CNN  For many Girl Scout troops it is officially cookie season . I feel guilty saying no to the sweet , enthusiastic girls standing outside my grocery store who use their smiles and newly practiced sales pitches to ask how many boxes I 'd like to order . After all , the organization is dedicated to enhancing girls ' character and confidence . And I have to admit that the Samoas  now called "  Caramel deLites "  are delicious . But as a physician who is passionate about health promotion , I politely tell the girls , "  No , thanks . " I am concerned that every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack , but also a dangerous nutrition message . And I 'm surprised that more doctors are n't speaking up about this . Thin Mints , the most popular cookie , contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup . The first ingredient in those caramel deLites is sugar , but they also contain corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup , for a total of 6 grams of sugar per cookie . That 's a lot of sugar , and while some experts debate whether high fructose corn syrup is any worse than sugar , we agree that both , in the vast quantities we Americans consume , contribute to obesity . But I 'm not only concerned about obesity . There are two other more insidious and dangerous risks to consider : cancer and heart disease . How could a cookie cause cancer ? Let me explain . Both high fructose corn syrup and sugar in the United States are largely made from genetically modified crops : 95 % of the sugar beets grown in the United States are GMO , as is 88 % percent of the corn . Those crops are engineered to withstand spraying of the Monsanto herbicide Roundup Ready . Last month the International Agency for Research on Cancer declared the key ingredient , Glyphosate , a probable carcinogen . Canola oil , another cookie ingredient , is also of concern : 90 % of rape seed  from which canola is produced  is GMO , too . Suddenly those cookies seem less benign , do n't they ? If that is n't enough to dampen your cravings , recent studies have found a causal link between sugar and heart disease . And trans fats have been well documented to increase the risk of heart disease . A few years ago , this was a big story , and most products now boast that they have zero trans fats . In reality , companies are allowed to claim "  zero " on the label if a serving contains less than 0.5 grams of trans fats . But often we eat more than one serving -- do you really stop at two cookies ? -- so rather than zero , your actual intake can be several grams . Adding to the confusion , on the ingredient label , transfats show up as partially hydrogenated oils , including in Thin Mints , Caramel deLites , Peanut Butter Patties , and other popular Girl Scout Cookies . Clearly the Girl Scouts ' leadership knows of the dangers ; they actively advertise on the boxes and web site those cookies contain "  zero grams trans fat per serving . " "  You might be thinking , ` Wow ! I 'm glad Dr. Maizes was n't my mom ! " But my kids will tell you I love a good dessert . In fact , I make a mean cheesecake . An occasional home-baked cookie is not going to ruin a kid 's health . The problem is bigger than cookies . There is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar , white flour , GMOs , and trans fats from those whom you would expect to call them out : physicians . Perhaps this is not so surprising . After all , pediatricians , whose job is to protect the health of children , have a sum total of zero hours of required nutrition education in their residencies . Nor do residency review committees require internists , family physicians or cardiologists to learn nutrition . And yet , there is compelling evidence that a diet rich in vegetables and fruit , whole grains , fish , nuts , and moderate amounts of dairy and alcohol , as well as avoiding smoking , obesity -- and exercising 30 minutes a day -- lowers overall mortality by 65 % . Similar results were found in the study published under the name "  Healthy Living is the Best Revenge " , which showed that eating a healthy diet  fruits , vegetables , beans , whole grains , nuts , seeds , and low meat consumption  would prevent 78 % of chronic disease , 93 % of diabetes , 81 % of heart attacks , 50 % of strokes and 36 % of all cancers . At the University of Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine , where I serve as executive director , we are seeking to remedy this . We include nutrition in all our training programs and have a new , 100-hour online course that is being pilot-tested at five pediatric residencies including Stanford , Universities of Arizona , Chicago , and Kansas , and Eastern Virginia Medical School . We also run an annual nutrition and health conference to address nutrition education for physicians in practice . Educating doctors will not be enough . Parents and schools have a role to play as well . And the Girl Scouts , with their enormous reach and influence , could do their part and choose a new fundraising item . Times change and our traditions evolve . What if , this spring , the girls sold fresh fruit and vegetables , tomato plants or flowers , or even pedometers ? What if in addition to their characters and confidence we directly addressed the health of their bodies ? Read more : What Girl Scout cookies taught me about life	Victoria Maizes , a doctor , says she avoids Girl Scout cookies because they contain sugar , fats . Ca n't Scouts promote healthy snacks ? She says pediatricians offer little guidance on nutrition , yet a diet low in sugars , GMO 's , transfats , lowers overall mortality
From the outside , Italy 's Credem Bank looks just like any other high security operation . And indeed , behind the barbed wire and electronic fence are piles of golden blocks . But they are not made of precious metal -- rather , they are ageing wheels of Parmesan cheese . As I walk inside , I am hit by the pungent smell and then , by the size of the vaults . Row after row , stacked up twenty shelves high , are 430,000 parmesan wheels . They 're worth up to 190 million euros . The wheels are stored here as part of a cash-for-cheese loan that started with Credem bank , but dates back to the Medici era . Watch more : Historic German film studio faces challenges In simple terms , the bank takes the cheese from local parmesan producers in exchange for a cheap loan . It charges between 3 % to 5 % interest , depending on the quality of the cheese , and a fee for making sure the cheese matures properly in their air-conditioned , humidified vault . This mechanism ensures that in the two years it takes the cheese to mature , credit keeps flowing . In these tough economic times , this allows producers to feed their cattle , pay their staff ... and just keep producing . If for whatever reason , the cheese producer defaults on the loan , the bank has the cheese to sell on . Read more : Model trains and planes motor their way back home It 's no surprise then , Credem treats each wheel like gold . They clean it , turn it , hammer it , prick it and from time to time even taste certain batches . Cristian Bertolini , an expert taster with the Parmigiano Reggiano consortium , tells me each batch has to meet strict criteria . If it does n't , the cheese is downgraded , the Parmigiano Reggiano imprint scraped off and then it 's sold simply as Italian cheese . Read more : Eurostar boss : ` State of the art ' fleet set to grow European rail market For the Caretti family , who have been producing cheese since 1925 , the loan is hard currency which has enabled them to keep doing what they love . Right now , they have their own vault on site , financed by the bank . From time to time , they still use the bigger Credem vault . It 's a strategy that has paid off . Every day , they make thirty two wheels of Parmigiano Reggiano , adding up to almost twelve-thousand wheels a year . Read more : American apple pie warms struggling Spain Davide Caretti , who has taken over the business from his father , candidly tells me that this is his life ; that he intends to do this forever . Not even the early hours , the arduous work and the 40 kilo wheels can kill his dream . "  It is not hard work . It 's a strong passion for me and for us , " he said . It 's a passion as strong as the cheese itself , backed by a bank that takes a mature attitude to lending .	A Italian bank uses cheese as its security for loans The cheese is kept in huge vaults , cleaned , turned and at times taste-tested The bank charges between 3 % to 5 % interest , depending on the quality of the cheese
CNN  -- Stephen Colbert may make his career mocking people , but this time he says he did n't go as far as the outraged Internet believes . The hashtag #CancelColbert started to trend after a tweet from the verified Twitter account for "  The Colbert Report " tweeted on Thursday , "  I am willing to show the #Asian community I care by introducing the Ching Chong Ding Dong Foundation for Sensitivity to Orientals or Whatever . " The tweet  which has since been deleted  was a riff on a skit Colbert did Wednesday on his Comedy Central show poking fun at Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder 's announcement of a foundation to help Native Americans . The team has been at the center of controversy for having a name some deem to be racist . Colbert 's character on his show is ultra-conservative and often makes outrageous statements , including his impression of "  Ching Chong Ding Dong , " which mocks Asian stereotypes . But without the context of the TV show skit the tweet outraged many . Twitter user Arnesa wrote "  Et tu , Stephen ? Not funny . It does n't prove your point . It makes you ` no better ' than the racists . https://twitter.com/colbertreport/status/449320692446920704 ... #cancelcolbert . " A user named Micha tweeted " #CancelColbert Satire to make fun of racists is n't supposed to be hurtful to those who are affected by racism , or you 're doing it wrong . " The funnyman used his Twitter account to deny he was involved with the tweet . " #CancelColbert - I agree ! Just saw @ColbertReport tweet . I share your rage . Who is that , though ? I 'm @StephenAtHome , " Colbert tweeted with a link to a video of his skit . "  The Colbert Report " account seconded that , tweeting , "  For the record @ColbertReport is not controlled by Stephen Colbert or his show . He is @StephenAtHome Sorry for the confusion #CancelColbert " and "  This is a Comedy Central account , with no oversight from Stephen/show . Here is quoted line in context http://on.cc.com/1dyeQri #cancelcolbert . " What do you think ? Is it a case of satire going too far ?	Hashtag #CancelColbert trended after tweet many considered offensive Stephen Colbert says he did n't tweet comment Comedy Central backs him up , says Twitter account is n't controlled by Colbert 's show
CNN  -- A Serbian tennis player has been banned for life and fined $ 100,000 after being found guilty of match-fixing offenses . David Savic has been punished for three violations of the 2010 Uniform Tennis Anti-Corruption Program in October 2010 , it was revealed on Saturday . A Tennis Integrity Unit investigation found that the 26-year-old tried to contrive the outcome of an event , sought to persuade another player to not try to win and also offered money "  with the intention of negatively influencing a player 's best efforts in any event . " Savic is currently ranked 659th in singles , with a highest standing of 363 in October 2009 . He is a compatriot of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who helped Serbia win the Davis Cup last year before winning three grand slam titles in 2011 . Savic is the second man to be banned for life over match-fixing , following Austria 's Daniel Kollerer in May . The Tennis Integrity Unit is run by the International Tennis Federation , the Grand Slam Committee and the men 's ATP and women 's WTA tours . Meanwhile , world No. 4 Andy Murray will face Donald Young in Sunday 's Thailand Open final after the American upset second seed Gael Monfils . Young , ranked 55th , triumphed 4-6 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-5  against the Frenchman in Saturday 's semis to reach his first top-level title match . He has already beaten Murray once this year , at Indian Wells , but lost to the Briton in the fourth round of the U.S. Open . Young will break into the men 's top-50 next week , having started August in 128th place . The defeat dented 14th-ranked Monfils ' hopes of reaching the season-ending ATP World Tour finals in London . Murray , who was runner-up in Bangkok in his first ATP final six years ago , is seeking his third title this year after winning 6-2 3-6 6-2 against another Frenchman , Gilles Simon . Agnieszka Radwanska boosted her hopes of qualifying for the season-ending WTA Championships in Turkey by winning the Tokyo Open title on Saturday . The Polish ninth seed defeated world No. 4 Vera Zvonareva for the third time this year , with the 22-year-old winning 6-3 6-2 to claim her sixth title . Zvonareva has already qualified for Istanbul , and is joined by Tokyo semifinalists Victoria Azarenka and Petra Kvitova , the 2011 Wimbledon champion . "  Before this tournament my chances of qualifying for the Championships were very small , but now they 'll be better , " Radwanska said . The China Open has also begun , with Italian seventh seed Francesca Schiavone and Russia 's No. 16 Svetlana Kuznetsova winning first-round matches in Beijing on Saturday . Ninth seed Andrea Petkovic of Germany also went through , but Serbian 10th seed Jelena Jankovic was beaten 7-5 6-4 by Austria 's Tamira Paszek .	Serbia 's David Savic banned from tennis for life and fined $ 100,000 The 26-year-old was found guilty of three corruption charges World No. 4 Andy Murray will face Donald Young in Sunday 's Thailand Open final Agnieszka Radwanska wins the Tokyo Open final , beating Vera Zvonareva
CNN  -- There 's no doubt about it now : Kourtney Kardashian is expecting her third child with partner Scott Disick . The 35-year-old reality star confirmed speculation about her pregnancy in a teaser segment for E! 's "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians " following Sunday night 's ninth season summer premiere . The teaser shows Kardashian surprising Disick and her mother , Kris Jenner , with the news . Yet the announcement was n't much of a surprise to fans as reports of her pregnancy began circulating days before Kardashian 's reality TV reveal . A source confirmed the news to People magazine on June 4 , saying that the eldest Kardashian is "  really excited , but nervous too . Three kids is a lot to handle ! But she 's happy -- she 's always wanted a big family with Scott . " Disick and Kardashian , who have been dating for more than seven years , are also parents to Mason , 4 , and Penelope Scotland , who will turn 2 on July 8 .	A third child is on the way for Kourtney Kardashian and her partner Rumors about the pregnancy have circulated for weeks Kardashian revealed the news after ninth season summer premiere of her E! reality show
CNN  -- Richard Branson has never been one to shy away from sharing his ostentatious exploits with the wider world . Over the years , the billionaire entrepreneur has invited us to follow his attempts to hot-air balloon around the globe , delve the deepest recesses of the oceans and cross the Atlantic on a speedboat . Now the founder of the Virgin Group has provided access to his very own private Caribbean resort , Necker Island , for a new book by Australian fashion and celebrity photographer Russell James . Featuring more than 150 deluxe images , "  A Virgin Island " reveals Necker 's idyllic beaches and spectacular tropical wildlife as well as dipping inside Branson 's luxury residences . Branson purchased the British Virgin Island retreat in 1978 for a knockdown price of $ 180,000 , setting up a home in which he still stays for at least two months of every year . In 1984 , he opened a luxury resort on Necker that has since welcomed a long line of rich and famous guests . Those reported to have spent their vacation time there include the late Diana Princess of Wales , Hollywood stars Kate Winslet , Eddie Murphy , Geena Davis , Kate Moss and Robert De Niro as well as statesmen such as Jimmy Carter , Nelson Mandela and Tony Blair . Google co-founder Larry Page , meanwhile , married his girlfriend on the island in an elaborate 2007 ceremony . Today , a stay on Necker is possible for anyone with the means , although prices rise to a prohibitive $ 60,000 a night to rent out the entire island . If you 're short a buck or two , we suggest clicking through a selection of James ' best photos in the gallery above as a more fiscally prudent way of attaining the Necker experience .	Richard Branson has opened up his Caribbean Island home for a new book Branson purchased Necker Island in 1979 for just $ 180,000 Visitors to the island over the years include Nelson Mandela , Princess Diana and Tony Blair
CNN  -- When Jaylen Arnold was diagnosed with complex Tourette syndrome , his life changed . Having this neurological disorder -- which causes repetitive , involuntary movements and sounds called tics -- led to frequent teasing and eventual bullying . It motivated him to lead the charge to stop childhood bullying by addressing students across the country with his Jaylen 's Challenge Foundation . CNN : How did this all get started ? Arnold : In second grade , I was getting bullied a lot for my tics . A lot of my friends got bullied , too . When my mom made the decision to pull me out of that school , I felt like I was leaving behind all the kids that were being bullied , too . I figured if that was just my little second-grade class being bullied , what about the whole world ? So I went to my mom and we made Jaylen 's Challenge . We talk about Tourette syndrome , how bullying is n't good , and how you can prevent bullying . CNN : So how can you prevent bullying ? Arnold : You always have to tell an adult . Maybe you need to find new friends . A bully might pick on you , but he 's not going to pick on four or five kids , you know ? Bullies do n't like "  different . " I used to get asked a lot of questions , and a lot of the time , I would be too embarrassed to tell them about my Tourette 's , or I just did n't want to , because it 's a long story . So they start imitating my tics or just think I was trying to freak them out or be the class clown . I remember putting on a fake smile and trying to act like I was laughing at them instead of them laughing at me . They would copy me , and it would really hurt . That 's how the bullying started . Actor : I hid Tourette 's from Hollywood But , you know , I really ca n't blame them for being confused or scared , because I was n't even sure of what was going on myself at the time . If I did n't have Tourette 's and somebody came up to me and started twitching or making weird noises , I would n't really know what do think about it , either . CNN : I 've heard all that extra attention can actually make your ticcing worse . Was that the case for you ? Arnold : Yes ! It helps when I 'm not stressed or when you accept it . When you accept my Tourette 's , I do n't tic as much . But when you stare or ask lots of questions , I get really stressed and the Tourette 's gets worse and I go all over the place . A lot of the time , it really stinks , because I ca n't do anything . I like to go to a room and go off by myself . But if that 's not an option , I try to be really quiet and concentrate on something that keeps me focused . I play a game in my head or think about something . I have to distract my mind from things that set it off , like stress or bullying . CNN : Can you hold the tics in sometimes ? That 's one thing that confuses people . You can actually control them , but only to a certain extent . Arnold : Sometimes I can control it , but a lot of times , it 's just kind of like a rocket ship . You know how it fills up with fire and the gas and then finally it 's just like , "  Whoosh ! " So if I have to hold them back , it usually comes out a lot more than it would 've if I did n't hold it in . It feels good to finally release it and just get it out . CNN : Is there anything you ca n't do ? Anything you feel like you 're missing out on , because of your Tourette 's ? Arnold : I used to not be able to go to the movies , but I 've learned to focus on the movie and they just go away for a while . Plus , no one is staring at me . They 're watching the movie . I can ride my bike , skateboard , run . ` American Idol ' favorite overcomes Tourette 's , Asperger 's But I have to do a lot of things most kids do n't do , like having meltdowns and taking medications . Everything else is easy for me , except being quiet . I ca n't play hide-and-seek . When I try to trick people or fake sleep , I have to turn the other way so people ca n't see my facial expressions , because my face tics when I try to keep my eyes closed . I can only win if I 'm at a high point at least 20 feet away , when I 'm not within hearing distance . This one time , I gave myself up , because I was on top of my mom 's shelf and somebody was walking past . They were about to walk right by and I let out a little squeak and they got me ! I was so frustrated .	Jaylen Arnold is the youngest person ever diagnosed with Tourette syndrome He says his disorder led to teasing and bullying He now leads a national foundation to stop bullying
CNN  -- Images of a sky-blue car , its windows shattered by bullets , took center stage Monday at the trial of reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . Bulger 's onetime crime partner Kevin Weeks testified he was there the night Edward "  Brian " Halloran was killed . He placed the gun squarely in Bulger 's hands . "  Jim Bulger just kept shooting , " said Weeks describing Halloran 's writhing , bullet-ridden body as "  bouncing off the ground . " Halloran is one of 19 people Bulger is accused of killing during his 20-year reign of terror in South Boston . Bulger is on trial in federal court in Boston . Rogue FBI agents had alerted Bulger that Halloran was going to cooperate against Bulger in a couple of killings . Bulger imitates machine gun , talks about a killing in recorded jail visit Weeks testified that on May 11 , 1982 , while Halloran was at the Mullins Club , Bulger pulled up in his souped-up 1975 Chevy Malibu wearing a wig and floppy mustache to disguise himself as another crime associate . Weeks watched Halloran inside the club . As he began to make his way out of the club , Weeks radioed Bulger , referring to Halloran as "  balloon head , " a nickname they used because "  Halloran 's head was so big . " "  The balloon 's rising , " Weeks radioed Bulger as Halloran got up from his table . Then as he got to the door , "  The balloon 's in the air . " Weeks said he saw Bulger slide across the seat of the Chevy and call out to Halloran . Then , "  Bulger started shooting . " Michael Donahue , a bartender , was driving his grandfather 's blue car and had offered his neighbor a ride home . Donahue was killed instantly . But Halloran stumbled out alive , and Bulger kept firing , Weeks said . Donahue 's widow and three sons have attended every day of the trial and virtually every hearing . As police raced to the scene , Weeks said he calmly drove away , circling back to collect a hubcap , and then get something to eat because he was hungry . Drug dealer 's account elicits laughs from Bulger at trial Weeks said Bulger instructed him to get rid of the guns , which he threw into Marine Bay . He first removed a gun-stock because Bulger liked to use it . Weeks was 27 years younger than Bulger when he began working for him . He described how he , Bulger , and crime partner Steven Flemmi would take long walks and talk about business . Prosecutors introduced several surveillance photos of the three men walking around Boston 's Castle Island and even setting out lounge chairs in Columbia Park across from the liquor store that served as one of Bulger 's "  offices , " all prevent anyone from listening . "  Everything I did , every business I had , Jim Bulger and Steve Flemmi were my partners always , " said Weeks . Though Bulger and Weeks sat just six feet apart , Bulger ignored his old partner . In one of the trial 's rare light moments , prosecutor Brian Kelly showed Weeks a gun belonging to Bulger . As he lifted it , the handle came off and a spring popped out . Kelly recovered smiling , "  I think that 's the last gun we 're going to show . " Another light moment came when the prosecutor asked Weeks why he and Bulger had worn gloves while wiping down several guns , and Weeks laughed , "  It 's common sense among criminals . " Weeks wrote a book called "  Brutal : The Untold Story of my Life inside Whitey Bulger 's Irish Mob , " in part to compensate victims as part of a civil suit against him . "  My story was my only asset , " said Weeks who served five years in prison and has testified for the government at five Bulger-related trials . Bulger faces off with FBI agent who went from pal to prosecution	Kevin Weeks , ex-partner of reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger , testifies Bulger "  just kept shooting " Brian Halloran in a May 1982 homicide , Weeks says Weeks radioed Halloran 's movements to Bulger before the shooting , he says
CNN  -- Corporate India was surprised that the low-profile scion of an Indian construction tycoon will take over the nation 's most high profile company after a 14-month search . Reaction across the Indian business press was one of surprise at the appointment of 43-year-old Cyrus Pallonji Mistry as the successor to business icon Ratan Tata , the man who has led the $ 80 billion conglomerate for the past two decades . Mistry was former head of Shapoorji Pallonji Group , a construction company . "  The first  impression  is wow ! People looked at the possibility of Tata 's half-brother succeeding him , but nobody looked at Mistry , " Sunil Jain , opinion editor of the Financial Express , told India 's MoneyControl . "  I think for all you know , he may turn out to be a good chief . " Mistry was named deputy chairman Wednesday , shadowing Tata for a year before officially taking the reins in December 2012 . Mistry is expected to be named the sixth chairman since the company 's founding in 1868 . India 's Tata Group names successor It was widely expected that Tata 's half brother , Noel Tata -- who is married to Mistry 's sister -- would be named chairman . He is managing director of Tata International . Asked in an exclusive interview with CNN earlier this year what are the chances a Tata family member would replace him , the 73-year-old Ratan Tata said , "  My stepbrother is one of the candidates that is being considered and I do n't think it 's my lot to say whether it 's 50 % , or 90 % or 10 %  chance  . " The Tata Sons holding company has about 100 companies sprawled under the Tata umbrella -- stretching across 80 countries in fields as diverse as automotive , energy , business consulting , steel , IT and telecommunications sectors -- with annual revenues of $ 83 billion . Under Ratan Tata , the group aggressively expanded overseas , and now owns the Jaguar and Land Rover brands , as well as European steelmaker Corus Steel and Tetley Tea . The company made history in 2009 with the production of the Nano , the world 's cheapest car . The group also owns the Taj group of hotels , including the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower in Mumbai which was at the center of the deadly 2008 terrorist attacks . Tata is a bachelor with no children . He took over the family business in 1991 and has been credited for pioneering different markets and turning "  Tata " into a household name . The decision was announced by a five-member selection committee that once included Mistry , who left the committee after he became a candidate for the job . "  For some it is a welcome move and for some others it is a case of a selector becoming the selected , " wrote the Hindu Business Line . Mistry 's family business , led by his construction tycoon father , Pallonji Mistry , is the largest single shareholder in Tata Sons with an 18.4 % equity stock . Most of the company 's stock is controlled by Tata family philanthropic trust funds . Mistry 's father has an estimated net worth of $ 8.8 billion , according to Forbes . The younger Mistry has been on the Tata board since 2005 , taking over a seat vacated by his father . Described as an avid golfer and prolific reader of business books , Mistry has a civil engineering degree from London 's Imperial College and studied management at the London Business School . Mistry is married to Rohiqua , daughter of high-profile lawyer Iqbal Chagla , who told Indian press that Mistry "  has a very old head on his young shoulders . " "  People raised eyebrows when Ratan Tata succeeded JRD  Tata , the previous chairman  , " Darius Pandole , a partner in New Silk Route , told India 's Economic Times . "  Look at what he 's achieved . " CNN 's Sumnima Udas contributed to this story	India business press surprised by the selection of Cyrus Mistry as Tata deputy chair Will replace Ratan Tata as chairman of the Tata Group in December 2012 The 43-year-old will run one of India 's largest and most iconic companies
Gulfport , Mississippi  CNN  -- Someone has turned a crucial dolphin birthing area off the U.S. Gulf Coast into a killing zone and the race is on to find the culprit or culprits before the marine mammals begin giving birth and the newborn dolphins are put at risk . "  There is a sense of urgency . It is important that we find the person or persons who is perpetrating this heinous act , " said Moby Solangi , lead biologist of The Institute of Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport , Mississippi . "  It looks like somebody is deranged . It 's really senseless . It 's repugnant . It 's illegal . I do n't understand what sort of person would do such a cruel act , " Solangi told CNN during an aerial tour of the sites where many of the dolphin carcasses were found . At least seven carcasses have turned up along a 120-mile stretch of the Gulf Coast , from Louisiana in the west to Florida in the east . Some have gunshot wounds , others have been mutilated , including one with its jaw cut off . Solangi , who performed necropsies of all the slaughtered dolphins , said the cruelty of what he 's seen is the equivalent of having your pet dog 's neck sliced . "  This is gruesome really , " Solangi said . "  It 's not only killing them , it 's also mutilating them . And the parts that are taken are disposed of ; not next to the animal , they are taken . And they are not worth anything . " The first dolphin was found January 8 with a bullet wound on Deer Island , near Biloxi , Mississippi . In June , a bottlenose dolphin was found in Perdido Bay , Florida , near the Florida-Alabama state line , with a screwdriver stuck in its head . In September , one was found on Elmers Island , Louisiana , with a gunshot wound . On October 10 , a dolphin was found on the beach in Dauphin Island , Alabama with its fluke cut off . The list gets worse from there . On November 6 , a dolphin was found in near Ocean Springs , Mississippi , dead from numerous cuts . Three days later two more were discovered ; another one with bullet wounds near Ocean Springs , and one on Ship Island , a remote barrier island off Biloxi , Mississippi , that was found with its jaw cut off . Authorities are still trying to determine if a dead dolphin found November 2 , in Bayou Julia , Louisiana , is linked to the other killings . To stop the slaughter before the dolphins ' birthing season , which begins soon , federal authorities say they need the public 's help . "  We need to have witnesses come forward . We need public input and information , " said Jeff Radonski , a deputy special agent for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which is leading the hunt for the dolphin killer or killers . Investigators hope the culprit has bragged to friends or acquaintances about the killings . The large area over which the carcasses have been found make the investigation more difficult , Radonski said . There could be several motives for the slaughter -- it might be someone who is a "  thrill seeker , " or fishermen who found the dolphins interfering with their operations on the water , he explained . In at least two previous cases , fishing charter captains have been found guilty of shooting at dolphins that approached their boats , or the fish their passengers had hooked , NOAA told CNN . The Marine Mammal Protection Act states that anyone convicted of killing a dolphin could be sentenced to one year in prison and fined up to $ 100,000 . The law also makes it a crime to feed dolphins in the wild . Lt. Col. Claude Pittman , who patrols in the area of the killings for the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources , said he has n't seen a dolphin shot in his 22 years of work . But these dolphin killings are making him fearful . "  You do n't know what type of person is doing this , " he said . "  Would they carry it any further ? I have no idea . "	At least seven dolphins have been slaughtered off the Gulf Coast The animals have been shot and mutilated , authorities say Feds hope to find the killers before the dolphin birthing season
CNN  Guardrail debris from a previous crash was to blame for a prison transport bus leaving the interstate and crashing into a moving train earlier this month near Odessa , Texas , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . Eight inmates and two correctional officers were killed in the crash . According to the NTSB , the 225-foot-long metal guardrail leading up to an overpass was damaged in a vehicle collision the day before the prison bus accident . Subsequent crashes caused by icy conditions moved portions of the guardrail onto traffic lanes . The bus , westbound in the left lane , apparently struck the guardrail pieces , veered to the left and hit an embankment before becoming airborne . At the base of the embankment , the bus continued toward the railroad tracks below the overpass , striking the 54-car train . Five more people -- four inmates and one staff member -- were injured in the incident and hospitalized . The bus was traveling from a prison facility in Abilene , Texas , to one in El Paso , Texas .	NTSB says debris on roadway caused bus to lose control Ten people were killed when bus collided with moving train Five more were injured and hospitalized
CNN  -- A 13-year-old girl was fatally shot Tuesday morning on a private school bus while traveling with her 7-year-old sibling and seven other pupils in Florida , and another student has been arrested as the suspected shooter , authorities said . The younger sibling witnessed the shooting in Homestead , Florida , according to the Miami-Dade Police Department . The yellow school bus did n't have surveillance cameras , police said . The 13-year-old girl was airlifted to Miami Children 's Hospital , where she died , police said . A motive had n't been determined Tuesday , and police were investigating the relationship between the shooter and the victim , Officer Alvaro Zabaleta told reporters . "  It 's traumatic for them for what they had to witness to begin with , and now you 're going to have to question them to ask them exactly what they saw , " Zabaleta told CNN affiliate WPLG . "  You know , it 's tragic . Anytime it deals with a child , and then , of course , when we get the phone call that they confirmed that she passed away , it 's very sad . " The victim was being bused about 6:30 a.m. Tuesday to Palm Glades Preparatory Academy Charter School in Miami , said Javier Baez , spokesman for Miami-Dade Police . None of the other children on the bus was injured , and all parties present at the shooting were taken to the homicide bureau for questioning , police said . Police did n't have further information Tuesday on the firearm used in the shooting . More crime and justice news on CNN.com Arrest made in zoo monkey 's death NYPD : Same shooter might be behind three slayings CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	A Florida girl , 13 , is fatally shot on a school bus taking her to a charter school in Miami Her 7-year-old sibling witnessed the shooting , police say Another student has been arrested as the suspected shooter , police say The bus was carrying seven other pupils
New Delhi  CNN  -- Anticipation hung heavier than the sultry air outside the massive court complex Friday afternoon . Here and all across India , people awaited the decision from Courtroom No. 304 . Inside the wood-paneled room lighted by the glare of harsh white lights , the four men found guilty of gang-raping a Delhi woman would learn whether they would die for their crime . Three exchanged their t-shirts for collared shirts on this day , one of the most important of their lives . Life or death ? The people clamored for the latter . A curious crowd gathered outside the courtroom as the clock neared 2:30 p.m. , when Judge Yogesh Khanna was set to convene his court . Some traveled great distances to be present when the sentences were read . It was almost as though this were judgment day for all of India . There are no cameras allowed inside the courthouse , but everyone had a cell phone . One woman stood on a bench , held her dated Samsung high in the air and pressed the video button . She wanted to capture every moment . Opinion : Rape sentence is just the start of India 's fight for equality Mounted police as well as a water cannon truck were the most obvious signs of the combustive atmosphere . Authorities blocked off the road in front of the Saket District Court complex in hopes of preventing angry clashes . Dozens of journalists set up roadside mini studios to file what felt to many like the biggest story of the year . Prosecutors argued that the men -- Vinay Sharma , Akshay Thakur , Pawan Gupta and Mukesh Singh -- deserved to die for an "  extreme act of brutality . " The woman 's family members have said the same . To them and many others gathered here , nothing less could deliver justice . Nothing else could be an appropriate ending to a case that has gripped India . People here had waited for this day for nine long months , since December 16 , when the woman , a 23-year-old physiotherapy student , went to see "  The Life of Pi " with a male friend . The movie theater is in an upscale mall just a short walk from this court complex . The woman -- Indian law forbids naming rape victims -- and her friend boarded a private bus to make their way home from South Delhi to the suburbs . The driver and at least five other men , said police , were drunk that night and looking for a joyride . They dragged the woman to the back of the bus and beat up her friend , authorities claim ; then they took turns raping her , using an iron rod to violate her as the bus drove around the city for almost an hour . When they had finished , they dumped their victims on the side of the road . The woman 's internal injuries were so severe that some organs had to be removed . Two weeks later , at a hospital in Singapore , she died . The horrific nature of the crime got to people . It was like a bomb had exploded inside the collective Indian psyche . Opinion : Where have India 's females gone ? The nation erupted in outrage . Crowds poured into the streets of major cities and openly questioned the civility of their own society . How could the world 's most populous democracy , a nation that had finally made its stand on the global stage , allow such a heinous act to take place ? As India waited to hear the fate of the men responsible for casting such a dark shadow over their nation , a national discussion blossomed on the treatment of women . It included a call for tougher punishment for sexual assault . For some at the courthouse , Friday 's sentence would be a test , of sorts , of whether the message had been heeded . The trial lasted seven months . This week , the court convicted the four men of murder , rape and kidnapping . The parents of the victim cried as they listened to the judge read the verdict . There were two others accused in the case . The bus driver , Ram Singh , was found dead in his jail cell in March . Authorities said he had hanged himself , though his family says he was murdered . A teenage boy -- he was 17 at the time of the rape -- was convicted August 31 for his part in the gang rape . A juvenile court sentenced him to three years in a special juvenile correctional facility , the maximum allowed under the court 's rules . Many Indians , including the victim 's family , expressed dissatisfaction with the boy 's sentencing . Friday , they hoped the court would not fail them . The crowds began to swell outside the courtroom as the appointed time approached . People lined the balconies along the courtyard , three levels up from the courtroom . "  Oh , God , " someone remarked . "  They have to get rid of this crowd . " But the police , some attired in riot gear , did little to keep people out . Inside the courtroom , the four men sat teary-eyed . Perhaps they knew of the enormous pressure on Khanna , the judge , to condemn them . As Khanna announced the sentence , one of the men , Sharma , let out loud cries of anguish . He and the other three will be executed . That was the judge 's decision . The prosecutors congratulated one another . They had done their job . Court sentences 4 to death in gang rape case The victim 's father said , "  Justice has been delivered . " Few journalists were allowed into the courtroom , but the news traveled fast . Just after 2:30 p.m. , cries of "  Fansi ! Fansi !  Hang them !  " rang out through the halls of the court building . "  Death for all four , " shouted one man . The news was welcomed on the streets . But soon , anger filled the crowd 's chants . People turned their ire on the teenager who will be a free man in three years . "  Do n't let him reach adulthood ! " some shouted . Smita Sinha , who works for a women 's aid organization , said there was no closure for her Friday . "  We are here for justice , " she said . "  We are happy , but it is a half-happiness . That juvenile should be hanged . Why does he go free ? He will rape again . This is only half justice . " Sinha said she 's been on the streets protesting for nine months -- and will continue to do so . She said she believed many Indians were hungry for death because capital punishment sends an effective message to would-be rapists . India , she said , needs to send that kind of message . While the laws punishing sexual assault are on the books , they are n't always enforced , Sinha said . "  In India , a fear of death means something , " she said . Defense lawyers had urged the judge to show leniency and sentence the men to life in prison , saying the death penalty should be the exception , not the rule . "  Yes , it is a basic right for every human being to live , " Sinha said . "  But why should  the accused  live when they created circumstances that made a woman fight for her life for 15 days ? " Indian courts have issued death sentences , but executions have been rarely carried out in the past decade . In this case , the judge said the harshest penalty was necessary . "  There can not be any tolerance , " Khanna said . "  This crime in every way falls within the rarest of rare category warranting a death sentence . " The people called for the boy 's death . They called for revolution . One man , Tabrej Alam , sat with his oil paints and a canvas . He 'd traveled all the way from the eastern state of Bihar to be at the court Friday . As the afternoon unfolded , a painting emerged . It showed a young man with the likeness of the evil , a hangman 's noose around his neck . Friday 's judgment , he said , was one way to cleanse India of evil . Holy man castrates self after India guru charged with rape of 16-year-old girl CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this story .	Four men convicted of gang rape face sentencing in New Delhi Crowd comes from near and far to hear decision in case that gripped India for nine months Many at the scene feel death is the only justice Anger erupts over lighter sentence for juvenile
CNN  -- The body of an 8-year-old girl who was abducted Friday night from a Walmart in Jacksonville , Florida , was discovered Saturday morning , police said . "  This is a transition from an abduction investigation to a murder investigation , " Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office spokesman Shannon Hartley told reporters . "  Obviously , we have the unfortunate answer that we did n't want to have . " Donald James Smith , 56 , faces kidnapping and murder charges . He was listed as being held without bond Saturday night . Smith is a registered sex offender who was released from custody on May 31 , according to Michael Williams , director of the sheriff 's investigations department . Authorities from the sheriff 's office had just made contact with him to verify his address on Friday morning , Williams said . Later that same day , a woman called police to report that her daughter was missing from the Walmart . Authorities initially called on the public to help find Cherish Lilly Perrywinkle , who had been wearing an orange sundress , purple flip-flops and a pink ribbon when she went missing . After the investigation revealed that the girl had been abducted , an Amber Alert was activated , Hartley said . He identified Smith , "  a man with a very extensive criminal history " that included a kidnapping conviction , as a suspect . Williams said the girl 's mother first met Smith on Friday night at a local Dollar General store , where he offered to take the family to Walmart to buy them some clothes . "  After being inside the store for a couple hours , the man then offered to buy some hamburgers , " Williams told reporters . "  As he walked to the front of the store , he took our 8-year-old victim with him . They walked to the front of the Walmart toward the McDonald 's . They did not stop at the McDonald 's . They walked outside , got in his van and left the location . " On Saturday morning , police stopped Smith , 56 , as he drove a white van southbound on I-95 in Jacksonville and detained him without incident , Hartley said . "  Obviously , having Mr. Smith in custody is a huge break for us , " he said as the search for the girl was continuing . "  We are very confident that he was the one that took her from the Walmart . " Soon after , Hartley said in a subsequent news conference , police followed a lead that took them four miles from the Walmart to a church , near which the child 's body was discovered . According to records from the Duval County Clerk of Courts , Smith 's most recent convictions occurred last year on charges from 2009 for unlawful impersonation of a public employee and aggravated child abuse by willful torture , for which he was sentenced to a year in county jail . "  The first thing I would tell you is , as a parent , hug your children closely right now and know where they 're at , " Hartley said . "  Just pay attention to them , keep them close . "	NEW : Donald James Smith , 56 , faces charges NEW : Smith had promised to buy the girl 's family clothes and hamburgers , a sheriff 's official says Cherish Lilly Perrywinkle 's mother reported Friday night that she was missing from a Walmart "  We are very confident " Smith took her from the store , a police spokesman says
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Raymond strengthened into a hurricane Sunday off Mexico 's Pacific Coast , threatening to dump heavy rains . A hurricane watch and tropical storm warning were in effect from Acapulco to Tecpan de Galeana , according to the National Hurricane Center . A hurricane warning was issued for Tecpan de Galeana to Lazaro Cardenas . As of Sunday night , Raymond was 155 miles west-southwest of Acapulco . It had maximum sustained winds of 100 mph , with higher gusts , and was moving north at 6 mph . Raymond strengthened rapidly and was expected to continue to strengthen . The storm is forecast to near the coast within the hurricane warning area late Monday or Tuesday . It is predicted it will take a sharp turn west before it has a chance to reach land , the hurricane center said . Raymond is forecast to dump heavy rain along the south-central coast of Mexico , with between 2 to 4 inches and up to 8 over the state of Guerrero . The area was hit hard by another storm in September . The previous storm , Manuel , triggered deadly mudslides and left about 40,000 tourists stranded in Acapulco , a popular tourist destination .	NEW : A hurricane warning is in effect for Tecpan de Galeana to Lazaro Cardenas NEW : The storm is strengthening rapidly Heavy rainfall is forecast along the south-central coast
CNN  -- President Barack Obama flies across the Atlantic on Wednesday for a trip that takes him to Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania , his second visit to sub-Saharan Africa since taking office . The trip aims to bolster investment opportunities for U.S. businesses , address development issues such as food security and health , and promote democracy . It comes as China aggressively engages the continent . The Asian nation is pouring billions of dollars into Africa , running oil and mining firms , and replaced the United States in 2009 as the largest trading partner . Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , will be in Africa at the same time . Bush has made multiple visits to Africa since leaving office , and will be in Zambia next week , where he 's working with his global health initiative to renovate a cervical cancer screening and treatment center . While the 44th and 43rd president are not scheduled to meet , first lady Michelle Obama and her predecessor , Laura Bush , will attend the African First Ladies Summit in Tanzania on July 2 . Obama 's trip is being overshadowed by the declining health of South Africa 's revered former president , Nelson Mandela , who is in critical condition at a Pretoria hospital . Mandela , who emerged from prison after 27 years to lead South Africa out of its dark days of apartheid , is considered the father of modern day South Africa . Obama will be in Senegal Thursday and Friday . He arrives in South Africa on Saturday , where he will spend the weekend taking part in a host of activities , including meeting with the nation 's leaders and visiting Robben Island , where Mandela spent a majority of his prison term . He will spend Monday and Tuesday in Tanzania , and is expected back in Washington on July 3 . The president made a brief trip to Ghana during his first term in July 2009 . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	His visit will take him to Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania It aims to bolster investment opportunities and promote democracy It is his second visit to sub-Saharan Africa as president He visited Ghana during his first term in July 2009 .
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India has unveiled a $ 35 computer prototype as part of its program to provide connectivity to its students and teachers at affordable prices . Kapil Sibal , the country 's human resources development minister , displayed what he called a low-cost computing and access device in New Delhi on Thursday . The ministry said the price would gradually fall to $ 10 apiece . India said connectivity to all its colleges and universities is key to achieving its education goals . Home to a billion-plus population , the country 's literacy rate stands at 65 percent , according to the 2001 census figures . Nevertheless , the South Asian nation has made giant strides in various areas since it opened up its economy in the early 1990s . The country ushered in a telecom revolution that delivered mobile telephony to nearly 600 million people in just a little more than a decade with highly competitive call tariffs . Now , India is preparing for another leap into the digital world . Recently , it auctioned off its airwaves for third-generation services to enable super-fast multimedia streaming of wireless . The move is aimed at bringing India 's online market on a par with its booming cell-phone business through Internet penetration with technology allowing quick access , data transfer and entertainment on mobile handsets . The country has announced plans to link up all its 250,000 village councils by 2012 in a bid to plug massive broadband divides between rural and urban communities as it emerges as one of the world 's few growth markets . Authorities say technical institutions involved in designing the new device are now setting up research to address price and quality issues in developing budget gadgets for students . "  The aim is to reach such devices to the students of colleges and universities , and to provide these institutions a host of choices of low-cost access devices around Rs 1,500 -LSB- $ 35 -RSB- or less in near future , " the human resources ministry said at the launch of the computer . Ministry spokeswoman Mamata Varma said the government aimed to introduce the new touch-screen computing tool at higher educational institutions in 2011 . The ministry , she said , is expected to tender out contracts to private companies for mass production of its prototype . The Linux-based computer is equipped with an Internet browser , a PDF reader and several other facilities , she said .	India : Connectivity to all colleges is key to achieving education goals . Officials say the price would gradually fall to $ 10 apiece The country 's literacy rate stands at 65 percent
CNN  -- Five who desperately needed new kidneys got them Friday in an unusual five-way kidney transplant swap at a San Francisco hospital made possible by a computer program . "  It 's just an amazing gift , " said April Langstraat , a 65-year-old Selma , California , woman who waited on a transplant list for five years before Friday 's surgery . Alan Langstraat , 62 , wanted to give a kidney to his wife , but his organ was incompatible . Instead , his kidney was transplanted into another patient at California Pacific Medical Center Friday , while his wife received an organ from a stranger who agreed to the swap . "  It 's a rare opportunity , " Langstraat told CNN affiliate KTVU-TV before a surgeon removed one of his kidneys . The process was repeated five times Friday , with a live kidney going to someone who had a friend or relative willing to donate an organ that was not compatible for them but was a match for one of the others . This was the third five-way kidney swap done in the United States , hospital spokesman Kevin McCormick said Sunday . Computer software is becoming increasingly effective in making complex paired donation matches , he said . "  Every time we do one of these kidney paired donations , taking the patients off the waiting list , in a sense , it 's another kidney available for somebody who does n't have a living donor option , " said Dr. Steve Katznelson , the medical director of California Pacific 's kidney transplant program . Each recipient and donor agreed to guidelines to prevent "  a breakdown along the way , " with a donor "  suddenly saying ' I changed my mind ' " after the surgeries for the first had started , McCormick said . "  Everyone was pretty much in the same boat , " he said . The donors did not know which patient would get their kidneys before the surgery and no one would find out unless each person agreed later . The procedures , involving 50 doctors , nurses and support staff , began at 7:30 a.m. with the last patient rolling out of surgery 10 hours later , McCormick said . "  They 're all doing well , " he said Sunday . The transplant results are "  very promising , " he said . For the Langstraat family , the paired donation advance has added importance for their future . April Langstraat 's daughter Charlotte and son Henry inherited her genetic polycystic kidney disease , which means they expect to need transplants in the future . Although 83,000 people are on the U.S. waiting list for kidney transplants , the number of live kidney donors declined from 6,647 in 2004 to 6,387 in 2009 , according to the National Kidney Foundation .	Computer software matches incompatible donors for five-way organ swap San Francisco surgeons did all five transplants on the same day All patients are doing well two days later , the hospital says Live kidney donations are down as the waiting list grows
CNN  -- Palestinian journalists are finding reporting increasingly difficult in the face of the growing abuse toward them by Palestinian security forces in the West Bank and Gaza , according to a report released Wednesday by Human Rights Watch . The report , "  No News is Good News : Abuses Against Journalists by Palestinian Security Forces , " criticizes Palestinian Authority forces in the West Bank and Hamas security forces in Gaza , saying they are abusing local journalists and limiting press freedom in the Palestinian territories . The 35-page report focuses on seven incidents in the West Bank and two in Gaza , saying they are "  cases in which security forces tortured , beat , and arbitrarily detained journalists , confiscated their equipment and barred them from leaving the West Bank and Gaza . " Human Rights Watch cites a report issued by the Palestinian Center for Development and Media Freedom that says there was a 45 % increase in the number of physical attacks , arrests , confiscation of equipment and limitation of movement in the year 2010 . "  We respect the Human Rights Watch report and other human rights organizations in what they do on the ground , and we have the readiness to investigate each case , " said Maj. Gen. Adnan Dmeiri , spokesman for the Palestinian Authority security services . But , he said , "  Why do n't they consult us and ask us ... before publishing these reports ? " He said the security services will investigate and "  bring people to justice . The PA has no agenda to violate the rights of human beings and especially the rights of the journalists . We trust our justice system and the freedom of journalists is a priority of all things . " Most of the abuses against journalists are connected to the rift between Fatah , which controls the West Bank 's Palestinian Authority , and Hamas , which controls Gaza , according to the report . Pro-Hamas journalists are targeted by the Palestinian security forces in the West Bank and pro-Fatah journalists are targeted by the Hamas security in Gaza . The report stresses that the West Bank security forces have "  virtual impunity for serious human rights violations " and states that the "  utter failure of the  Palestinian Authority  leadership to address the prevailing culture of impunity for such abuses suggests that they reflect government policy . " "  We do n't accept the comparison between us and the militia in Gaza , " Dmeiri said . He said his organization has no political agenda and "  we do n't hold and detain people on their background . We detain people if they have criminal or security threats or matters that threaten the internal security . " Large sums are donated to the Palestinian Authority security forces in the West Bank by the United States and the European Union . Human Rights Watch calls on the donor countries to condition their support to those security services by making sure that Palestinian Authority officials investigate and punish security personnel for their abuses . Attacks on International journalists in Gaza also have increased in the past couple of months . In March 2011 , as journalists were covering a demonstration in Gaza calling for reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas , the offices of Reuters , CNN and NHK were raided by Hamas security forces . Efforts to get a response from Hamas officials were not immediately successful . The Tel Aviv-based Foreign Press Association released a statement expressing its "  grave concern " that Hamas security forces "  brutally attacked photographers and cameramen , beating them , breaking equipment and confiscating photos and video footage . " The organization called the developments the latest in a "  string of chilling attacks on reporters in Gaza . " The United States and European Union have designated Hamas as a terrorist organization . Human Rights Watch describes itself on its website as "  one of the world 's leading independent organizations dedicated to defending and protecting human rights . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian security forces say they will investigate the allegations The Human Rights Watch report focuses on seven incidents in the West Bank and two in Gaza Journalists were "  tortured , beat , and arbitrarily detained , " the report says The rift between Fatah and Hamas is behind most of the incidents , it says
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Republicans retained four of the six state Senate seats that were in jeopardy in Tuesday 's recall elections in Wisconsin , news media in the state reported . Democrats won two seats but needed three to take control . The Wisconsin Government Accountability Board , which certifies election results , said official results will begin to come in Thursday and will be certified that day at the earliest . The unofficial results released Wednesday were collected by The Associated Press and distributed to newspapers , television and radio stations . The recall election stems from the bitter battle last winter that saw pro-union protesters camping out in the state Capitol and Democratic senators fleeing the state in an unsuccessful attempt to halt legislation by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker that some felt was anti-union . Democrats were angling to win GOP-held seats to capture control of the upper chamber . Before the election , Republicans held a 19-14 majority in the state Senate . With a victory , Democrats had hoped to build momentum for a planned effort to recall Walker . Walker , who was elected in November with strong support from tea party activists , ca n't be recalled until after he serves a year in office . Republicans have countered with their own recall attempts against three Democrats . One of them survived a challenge in July , while two others will be on the ballot next week . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus applauded the results of the Tuesday vote . "  Today , Wisconsin voters rejected the reckless spending of Wisconsin Democrats and the downgrade-inducing policies of their Washington counterparts . They have given their seal of approval to Republicans ' successful efforts to balance the budget and ensure a healthy economy , " he said . Priebus also said the vote was an affirmation of Walker 's policies . Walker set off a firestorm in January when he moved to curtail the collective bargaining rights of most state employees . With majorities in both houses of the Legislature , Walker and his GOP allies voted to limit raises for public employees except police and firefighters to the rate of inflation , bar unions from deducting dues from workers ' paychecks and force them to hold a new certification vote every year . Republicans insisted that the legislation was necessary to control skyrocketing public employee benefit costs and close a budget shortfall , while Democrats called it an attempt to gut public-sector labor unions , one of their core constituencies . The state Supreme Court upheld the legislation in June . While Democrats would not have been able to roll back the union restrictions with control of only one chamber of the Legislature , they would have been able to block any of Walker 's other initiatives . Tea Party Express chief strategist Sal Russo said he was pleased about the vote . "  The importance of those achievements can not be overstated , " Russo said . "  Wisconsin has set an example that the nation as a whole should follow . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Gabriella Schwarz , Paul Steinhauser and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : Tea Party Express member : The importance of the vote ca n't be overstated RNC chair : Vote is an affirmation of Walker 's policies Six Republican senators faced recall votes Tuesday The recalls stem from the winter battles over union rights
CNN  -- Graeme Smith has led South Africa to the top of the rankings , but Monday he made the shock announcement he would quit international cricket at the completion of their current Test match against Australia in Cape Town . The 33-year-old Smith has captained South Africa in 108 Test matches and played 347 games for his country in all forms of the game , scoring over 17,000 runs from the opener position . South Africa are currently No. 1 rated in Test cricket , but are facing a series defeat to resurgent Australia , with the series tied at 1-1 going into the game at Newlands . Smith was dismissed for just five runs on the third day with Mitchell Johnson and Ryan Harris bowling Australia into a winning position . At the end of the day 's play he broke the news to his teammates . "  This has been the most difficult decision I have ever had to make in my life , " said Smith . "  It 's a decision that I have been considering since my ankle surgery in April last year . "  I have a young family to consider , and I felt that retiring at Newlands would be the best way to end it because I have called this place home since I was 18 years old . " South Africa are having to cope without record run scorer Jacques Kallis , who quit Tests earlier this year although he will carry on playing in one-day internationals . A stunned Cricket South Africa  CSA  chief executive Haroon Lorgat praised Smith 's contribution . "  Although Graeme 's decision to retire from all forms of international cricket comes as a surprise to all of us , we must respect him for deciding to call time , " he said . "  Knowing him as well as I do , having been instrumental as a selector in appointing him as a young captain , he would not have taken this decision lightly or without a great deal of thought . "  He has captained the Proteas for more than a decade and will draw a lot more satisfaction from the fact that he leaves our Test team at the top of the world and in such good health rather than from all the personal records he has achieved as the longest-serving captain the game has seen in the demanding Test format . " Smith , who is set to continue playing cricket with English county side Surrey this summer , said he would reflect on his career with pride . "  I have always been someone who has left everything out there on the field for my team and for my country . I 'm extremely honored and proud to have had the privilege to lead so many wonderful players . "  I thank and honor the players who I have played with and those who have supported me and helped me to be the person and captain I am today . " Smith will get one more chance to add to his tally with the bat with an uphill struggle to salvage a draw . Australia lead by 234 runs at the end of the third day with 98 overs set to be bowled on each of the final two days after bad weather on the second day . He is likely to receive a warm welcome as he makes his international farewell , looking to add to his 9,262 Test runs at an average of nearly 49 runs per innings . Smith has also played 197 ODIs , averaging almost 38 , and 33 Twenty20 Internationals . He is the latest leading figure in world cricket to announce their retirement , with Indian maestro Sachin Tendulkar quitting at the end of last year and Kallis calling it a day before the series against Australia .	South Africa captain Graeme Smith to retire from international cricket Smith has captain his country for 12 years South Africa rated No. 1 Test nation Facing defeat to Australia in his final match in Cape Town
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Coalition forces in Baghdad have killed the man believed to be the mastermind of recent bombings in the Iraqi capital , the U.S. military said . Mahir Ahmad Mahmud Judu al-Zubaydi , also known as Abu Rami and Abu Assad , was believed to be the leader of one of al Qaeda in Iraq 's Baghdad networks , the military said in a statement issued Friday . The military said intelligence reports led coalition forces to a building in Baghdad 's Adhamiya neighborhood Friday . They surrounded the building and called on the occupants to surrender but were engaged by small arms fire , the military said . The forces returned fire and killed two people , Abu Rami and a female , the military said . "  Sadly , here again is a case where -LSB- al Qaeda in Iraq -RSB- has put innocent lives in danger in order to protect themselves and shield their terrorist efforts , " said Rear Adm. Patrick Driscoll , a spokesman for the Multi-National Force in Iraq . Coalition forces had evacuated several children from the building before they detonated ordnance inside , the military said . The house caught fire , the military said , and the local fire department was called in for assistance . The U.S. military blames Abu Rami for masterminding numerous car bombings , including an October 2 suicide car bombing that killed eight people and wounded more than 30 . The attack happened outside a Shiite mosque in Baghdad just as worshippers left early-morning prayers marking the end of Ramadan . Among the victims of that attack were several Iraqi soldiers who were part of an army patrol providing security for worshippers , Iraqi and U.S. officials said . Abu Rami was also responsible for numerous car bombings and mortar attacks in Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood in 2006 and 2007 , including a car bombing in November 2006 that killed more than 200 people , the military said . That attack , which targeted Shiites , was one of the worst attacks in Iraq since the war began in 2003 . Abu Rami was also believed to be a planner and participant in kidnappings and videotaped executions , the military said . A video from June 2006 shows Abu Rami shooting one of four Russian diplomats . The diplomats were taken hostage weeks before an al Qaeda-linked group said it had beheaded three of them and shot the fourth to death . Abu Rami also is said to have ordered and directed a car bombing May 1 that killed eight Iraqis and a U.S. soldier , the military said . Abu Rami was originally a member of the terrorist group Ansar al-Islam and joined al Qaeda in Iraq in 2004 , the military said . He became the military "  emir " of Baghdad 's Rusafa district last year before taking over all terrorist operations there , the military said . Meanwhile Saturday , Poland ended its military presence in Iraq with a ceremony for its approximately 900 troops at Camp Echo in Qadasiyah Province . "  We can say the goals of the mission have been largely accomplished . Over the past five years , we have fulfilled our commitment , " Polish Defense Minister Bogdan Klich said , according to a news release issued by coalition forces . The Polish army commanded Multi-National Division - Center South , which operated throughout Qadasiyah Province . Polish forces completed 10 rotations in Iraq , which ended October 1 , and commanded 10 national contingents , including Armenia , Latvia , Mongolia , Romania , Ukraine , Bosnia and Herzegovina . "  You came not to conquer but to liberate . You sought not personal gain but liberty , and you build not an empire but a sovereign nation . You created hope where terror reigned , and you have made history , " said Gen. Ray Odierno , commander of Multi-National Force - Iraq . The operating area was transferred to the 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 4th Infantry Division . Also Saturday , Deputy U.S. Secretary of State John Negroponte met with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani at his residence in northern Iraq , about 100 kilometers west of Kirkuk . The meeting focused on the "  strategic framework " between Iraq and the United States to safeguard the Iraq 's independence , Talabani said in a statement Saturday . "  During the meeting everyone discussed the political , economic and security issues and both sides addressed the most important developments related to the political process , national reconciliation and the aimed efforts to the success of this process from all aspects and at all levels , " Talabani said . Earlier , Negroponte met with Arab representatives in Kirkuk to discuss a Kurdish-Arab dispute over the city 's ethnic tensions . The Kurds want to incorporate oil-rich Kirkuk into their semiautonomous region . His visit comes at a time of growing tensions between the central government of Nuri al-Maliki and the Kurdistan Regional Government in the country 's autonomous northern region . In August , Iraqi forces entered Khanaqin , a territory disputed between Arabs and Kurds that is secured by the Kurdish peshmerga forces . The crisis was resolved on a political level , but tensions remain high in the area and relations between the Shiite-dominated government and the KRG remain strained . Like Khanaqin , Kirkuk is disputed territory . Legislators overcame an impasse over a key provincial elections law last month by setting the problem of Kirkuk aside and deciding to exclude the province from a vote expected early next year .	Poland ends military presence in Iraq with ceremony Saturday U.S. diplomats meet with local officials to discuss Kirkuk sovereignty U.S. military : Man suspected in series of Iraqi bombings killed by coalition forces Troops acting in self-defense shot Abu Rami and woman , according to military
CNN  -- Florida election officials will have access to a federal law enforcement database to challenge the eligibility of a person to vote as part of its effort to purge non-citizens from its voting rolls , state officials said . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security will allow state officials access to the SAVE -- Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements -- database in an agreement that was announced Saturday by Florida Secretary of State Ken Detzner and the Florida Department of State . The announcement follows weeks of legal wrangling between the federal and state officials , a fight being closely watched in Colorado , Nevada , Michigan and North Carolina -- states that could ultimately swing November 's presidential election -- where officials are advocating for similar access . "  Florida voters are counting on their state and federal governments to cooperate in a way that ensures elections are fair , beginning with ensuring the voter rolls are current and accurate , " Detzner said in a statement . "  Now , we have a commitment to cooperate from DHS and we look forward to a partnership that improves our election process . " Details of the agreement were not immediately available , and it was not clear when Florida would begin checking its voter rolls against the database , which lists those who are legally in the United States on either visas or "  green cards " but not eligible to vote . The Department of Homeland Security did not respond late Saturday to a CNN request for comment . The SAVE database , which contains alien registration numbers , is a web-based service that was created to help "  federal , state and local benefit-issuing agencies , institutions , and licensing bureaus determine the immigration status of benefit applicants so only those entitled to benefits receive them , " according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . Florida officials sued last month to gain access to the database after an effort this year to purge the state voting rolls -- using driver licenses and birth dates -- went awry because of faulty state records . A Florida Department of State spokesman , Chris Cate , told CNN in June that the state identified roughly 100 people who are not citizens but registered to vote . CNN found , though , that some of the names on the potential purge list were , in fact , legitimate voters -- newly minted Americans recently granted citizenship . DHS and Florida struck a deal over the database just weeks after a federal judge rejected a U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit aimed at preventing Florida from moving forward with a voter registration purge . Proponents of the plan say purging the rolls protects the integrity of the voting process , while critics say it targets the poor and minority voters who may be disenfranchised by the process . The poor , voting and civil rights groups say , can not afford to pay for documentation that may be required , while minorities would likely be among the groups whose voter registration records are examined . A number of states are moving to institute and tighten voter identification laws , and many are finding themselves in direct conflict with the federal government . A key provision of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 grants the federal government open-ended oversight of states and localities -- many in the South -- with a history of voter discrimination . Any changes in voting laws and procedures in those pre-determined areas must be "  pre-cleared " by Washington . Today , 32 states have in place varying degrees of voter identification laws , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Some of the states with the most stringent requirements are also regions that have seen large increases in their minority population . Florida has the nation 's third largest Hispanic population , behind Texas and California . CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	NEW : The SAVE database contains alien registration numbers Florida election officials sued to gain access to a federal law enforcement database Florida wants to purge non-citizens from its voter rolls Florida officials want to use the database to challenge voter eligibility
CNN  -- For a world-class shopping experience you should head to glitzy Ginza . As well as flagship fashion outlets , the area boasts one of the city 's best department stores , Mitsukoshi  4-6-16 Chuo Dori  . The real treat here , as at many Tokyo department stores , is the fantastic basement-level food hall  "  depachika "  . For the complete Mitsukoshi experience , there 's an ever bigger store in Nihombashi . The "  Electric Town " of Akihabara is tech-head 's heaven . Next door is Matsuya , another big department store , and while you 're in the area do n't miss the Sony Building  5-3-1 Ginza , Chuo-ku  . Your inner games geek wo n't be able to resist the entire floor devoted to the PlayStation . If you 've ever wondered where Tokyo teenagers buy their wacky cyber-goth manga-inspired attire , the answer is Takeshita-Dori , a narrow street in Harajuku . On Sundays the street fills with fashion-conscious teens , dressed to impress . For the less adventurous , but more discerning shopper , Harajuku 's main thoroughfare , Omotesando is lined with elegant boutiques , including Louis Vuitton , Prada and Loveless  3-17-11 Minami-Aoyama  . Looking unlike any shop you 've seen before , Loveless has three floors of hip Japanese clothing and a basement decked out like the dungeon of some deranged medieval aristocrat . Harajuku is also home to six-floor Kiddy Land  6-1-9 Jingu-mae  , one of the city 's best toy stores , with a huge selection of Hello Kitty products . The area around Shibuya Station is a buzzing epicenter of shopping activity . Among its highlights are Tokyu Hands  Takashimaya Times Square , 5-24-2 Sendagaya  , a department store that sells everything you could ever need , and plenty of stuff you had no idea even existed  electrically heated pilllows anyone ?  . A Bathing Ape  1 - Rise Bld . 13-17 Udagawa-Cho  offers funky T-shirts and trainers in an art gallery-style space , and Mandarake  Shibuya Beam B2 31-2 Udagawacho  is the place to satisfy your manga cravings , should you have any . For more manga , and a glimpse into the future , you 'll want to go to Akihabara . Also known as Electric Town , Akihabara is a district of electronics stores clad in illuminated signs . Visit after dark for the full "  Blade Runner " experience . Yodobashi Camera sells everything from next generation cell phones to cameras that are n't yet available outside Japan . For something more sedate , Daikanyama is a refined area popular with in-the-know fashionistas , while Jimbocho is the city 's used-book quarter . Marunouchi was once a drab business district but is fast becoming the city 's hottest shopping area . Shin-Marunouchi  just opposite the Marunouchi exit of Tokyo Stations  is a huge building , with the lowest seven floors devoted to chic shopping . The basement "  depachika " is a feast for foodies . Tokyo International Forum  5-1 Marunouchi 3-chome , Chiyoda-ku  is a vast space used for art exhibitions and as a concert hall . It also boasts excellent shopping and hosts a flea market every other Sunday . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Ginza offers world-class shopping - check out the food hall in Mitsukoshi Takeshita-Dori is where teenagers pick up their "  cosplay " costumes Omotesando is lined with boutiques , including Louis Vuitton and Prada Akihabara , or "  Electric Town , " is the place to buy electronics and manga
CNN  -- "  There are so many ways of being despicable it quite makes one 's head spin . But the way to be really despicable is to be contemptuous of other people 's pain . " -- James Baldwin No doubt most people who listened to Ariel Castro 's self-serving monologue during his sentencing hearing on "  consensual sex , " and "  harmony in that house , " wondered at his sanity and his definition of "  monster . " Sanity , however , is judged by reality testing and not by caring or compassion . Human cruelty is not a disease or a mental illness , although it is a plague on humankind . As someone who has worked with violent offenders for 35 years , I can tell you unequivocally the number of offenders who deny , minimize or justify their behavior far outweigh the number who take responsibility . Never mind the tortuous loops the mind has to jump through . If the sex was consensual , what exactly were the chains and locks for ? There is no limit to the mind 's ability to rationalize . A man who beat a 3-year-old to death told me that he only committed violence when "  the situation called for it . I never did anything I did n't have to do . " When asked how he feels about the boy 's suffering , he replied , "  I guess I do n't feel anything . " When asked if he saw himself as a criminal , he said , "  I know that 's what I 'm seen as but no , I do n't . " A man whose brother took him in when he had no place to go after being released from prison raped his benefactor 's 12-year-old daughter -- his niece -- and stabbed his brother 12 times when he came to her rescue . When asked why he did this , he replied : "  I was drinking . It just happened . ... You ca n't blame anybody for the rain . You ca n't blame anybody for nothing . " We are familiar with whole cultures justifying violence as extreme as genocide . Why are we surprised when individuals do the same ? Violence is almost always denied or rationalized -- after the fact , if not before . Even violence that appears impulsive is usually related to thinking patterns and beliefs that justify it . Such rationales are important to protect self-image . Again it was Baldwin who said , "  No man is a villain in his own eyes . " As to Castro 's claim that he had an illness , a sexual addiction , there is a difference between urges and behaviors . Castro could have dealt with his urges by seeking help . Medication and treatment have been available for sex offenders for well over a decade . Would they have worked ? Who knows ? He did n't try . He made a decision to live out his sexual fantasies , not to try to control them . In treatment , at the least he would have learned how not to reinforce the fantasies through violent pornography . At least by telling someone , he would have had some check on his behavior . Castro may not have chosen the fantasies that dominated his dreams , but he chose to act on them -- for more than a decade . Even the most persistent urges are not present 24 hours a day . All Castro needed was for 51 % of him to have an attack of conscience for a few minutes and want to release those women long enough to open a door . In more than a decade he never had it . In fact , he tormented his victims not only in sexual ways but in nonsexual ways as well : He showed them TV coverage of their families grieving . He told one that her family did n't care about her . He fed them once a day . He beat a pregnant woman until she miscarried . None of these speak to sexual urges ; these acts speaks to psychopathic traits : the lack of a conscience , lack of caring about other human beings , callousness , lack of guilt and lack of remorse -- in short , malevolence , the desire to harm another human being gratuitously while being contemptuous of her pain . Even now , he has shown no genuine remorse or regret . What we saw at the hearing instead was a cocoon of aggressive narcissism wrapped so tightly Castro could proclaim with a straight face that chained women were having sex with him consensually . Yet at the same time he asked for their forgiveness . No doubt there are those who will advise the victims they must forgive in order to move on . I disagree . Forgiveness is not a gift ; it must be earned . Atonement and change must precede forgiveness or else it is an empty gesture . It is difficult to imagine how much Castro would have to change for forgiveness even to be legitimately on the table . I 'm not sure his sentence is long enough for that to happen , and to date , he has not taken a single step . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anna Salter .	Anna Salter : Ariel Castro believed he had "  consensual sex " with chained women Salter : Most predators justify their behavior ; it 's not sexual , it 's psychopathic If Castro believed he had an addiction , she says , why did n't he seek help ? Salter : Forgiveness must be earned : Castro has not taken a step to atone
CNN  -- Standing in the shadow of the Burj Dubai Kye Ho Kim of Samsung Construction rattles off the list of records the building will break . Standing about a half mile high , it will be the world 's tallest building , with the most floors  164  and the world 's highest and fastest building . "  This building is going to break so many records , " said Kim , whose company is building the $ 4 billion tower , scheduled to open later this year . "  This is kind of a project like the first exploration of the moon . Nobody can challenge it . " It may not rank with manned missions to the moon , but right now there is nothing else like the Burj Dubai on Earth . As the project is metaphoric for the strength of Samsung Construction , the company itself symbolizes the growth of South Korea onto the world stage . A country once devastated by war and still divided by north and south has rebuilt itself into a modern capitalist democracy with companies with a global reach such as Samsung Samsung has cornered the market in giant building construction , building the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur and Taipei 101 in Taiwan -- both previous world-record holders . "  Think about the Americans when they constructed the Empire State Building in 1931 , " Kim said . "  So have we ... in a very short period of time we are now the leading company in the world . " Some of Korea 's more impressive building projects are happening at home . In the midst of the recession , construction of Songdo -- a 1,500-acre new free trade zone built on reclaimed land two hours out of Seoul -- continues apace , with a projected cost of $ 35 billion . Developers hope it will be the eventual home of 75,000 people . It 's considered one of the world 's largest private real estate development ventures in history , a joint project with South Korea 's Posco and Gale International , a U.S. real estate developer . "  Under construction today is about $ 10 billion " of the project , said Chris Sausser , executive vice president of Gale International . "  The project we 're building has been able to attract multinational companies , investors as well as residents . " Postwar South Korea was based on a "  growth at any cost " model , but the South Korean government has pledged 2 percent of its GDP for the next five years dedicated to green development . The country , already the world 's most wired , plans to develop next-generation Internet connections that use less computing power . Indoor lighting initiatives are replacing traditional bulbs with lower energy LED lights . "  Green growth is not a plan B , it is plan A , " said Kim Sang Hyup , executive director of the Green Growth Committee . "  We are going to contribute to the global community by action , not talk . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Kristie LuStout and Kyung Lah contributed to this report	South Korea companies such as Samsung have become global brands The world 's largest private real estate development is in South Korea The government 's new development plans focus on environmental technology
Washington  CNN  -- Memorial crosses erected along Utah public roads to honor fallen state highway troopers have been found unconstitutional by a federal appeals court . A three-judge panel of the 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that the 14 large crosses would be viewed by most passing motorists as "  government 's endorsement of Christianity . " "  We hold that these memorials have the impermissible effect of conveying to the reasonable observer the message that the state prefers or otherwise endorses a certain religion , " concluded the Denver , Colorado-based court . The state of Utah and a private trooper association have the option of appealing to the U.S. Supreme Court . A Texas-based group , American Atheists , successfully sued five years ago to have the nonprofit memorial project scrapped , and the crosses removed from public property . At issue was whether the crosses violated the Establishment Clause of the Constitution , by having the government endorsing the Christian symbols , even if indirectly . Although the suit went against the memorial project , the crosses were allowed to remain pending appeals in the case . They are still in place . The Utah Highway Patrol Association in 1998 began erecting the monuments , which contain the fallen trooper 's name , rank , and badge number . A picture of the officer and some biographical information is included on a separate plaque placed where the two bars of the cross meet . The state insignia is also included , which the judges in particular raised with constitutional concerns . The service group said their main message was not religious in nature , but among other things , to serve as "  a lasting reminder to UHPA members and Utah highway patrol troopers that a fellow trooper gave his life in service to this state " and to "  encourage safe conduct on the highways . " While placed on public land and with the state 's permission , the crosses themselves are privately owned and maintained . The state expressly noted it "  neither approves or disapproves of the memorial marker . " In rejecting the crosses , the appeals court made several arguments , such as the large size and location of the crosses -- on busy public highways where motorists can not help but notice . Other similar memorial crosses have been erected on public land such as Arlington National Cemetery to honor fallen war dead . But the judges noted those markers are generally accessible or visible only to those who expressly choose to visit them , unlike roads where citizens can not help but see them . The Supreme Court has in recent years taken a case-by-case approach to Establishment Clause cases . The justices in 1947 said the government needed to be "  neutral " but "  not an adversary " toward religion . The court has upheld legislative chaplaincies , tax exemptions for churches , and the mention of "  God " on U.S. currency and in oaths of office . At the same time , government-sponsored school prayer is banned , and limits imposed on aid to parochial schools . The court 's record on religious displays on public land is more mixed , with "  context " a key criteria . The justices last year decided on free-speech grounds a small religious group could not erect a granite monument in a Utah park next to an existing Ten Commandments display , which for the time being was allowed to stay . And this past June , the conservative majority of the court concluded a cross designed as war memorial in lonely stretch of national parkland in the California desert did not violate the constitutional separation of church and state . In 2005 , a Ten Commandments monument on the Texas statehouse grounds was allowed to stand , since it was surrounded by historical markers . But the same day Ten Commandment parchments in two Kentucky county courthouses were ruled unconstitutional , with the high court majority calling them "  a governmental effort substantially to promote religion , not simply an effort primarily to reflect , historically , the secular impact of a religiously inspired document . " And some nativity scenes and menorahs placed in public parks during December have been allowed to stand , while some were ordered removed . The 10th Circuit rejected arguments from the UHPA that many roads contain crosses or other religious symbols placed by private individuals honoring a dead relative killed in car accidents . "  The mere fact that the cross is a common symbol used in roadside memorials does not mean it is a secular symbol , " said the panel . "  The massive size of the crosses displayed on Utah 's rights-of-way and public property unmistakably conveys a message of endorsement , proselytization , and aggrandizement of religion that is far different from the more humble spirit of small roadside crosses . " The judges also disregarded suggestions that since most of the deceased troopers were Mormon , where the Utah-based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints does not uses the cross as a religious symbol , the highway memorials were merely symbols of death and did not promote a a particular faith . There was no immediate reaction to the opinion from American Atheists or the UHPA . The case is American Atheists v. Duncan  08-4061  .	In Utah , 14 large crosses on public roads honor fallen state troopers An atheists ' group successfully sued to have the crosses removed from public land A federal appeals court panel agreed in a ruling on Wednesday The panel said the crosses could be seen as "  government endorsement of Christianity "
CNN  -- Myanmar 's former Prime Minister Thein Sein has been sworn in as the country 's new president , marking the end of the military body that has governed the Asian nation for decades , state-run Myanmar Radio reported Wednesday . Tin Myint Oo and Sai Muak Kham will serve as vice presidents . The president named 30 ministers and 39 deputy ministers to his government , according to state-run radio . In February , Myanmar convened its first parliament in more than two decades in the capital , Naypyidaw . The lawmakers came into office after elections were held in November for the first time in 20 years . The elections drew fire from critics who said the voting was aimed at creating a facade of democracy . The regime refused to allow international monitors to oversee the race and would not allow international journalists to cover the voting from inside the country . Journalists who reported from inside Myanmar had to do so surreptitiously . The military junta also overhauled Myanmar 's constitution in a way that critics say was aimed at tightening the regime 's grip . The constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament . Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . Among those who boycotted the elections was opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy party , which described it as a sham .	In February , Myanmar convened its first parliament in more than two decades Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 The president named 30 ministers and 39 deputy ministers to his government The new constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament
CNN  -- For Mike Chinoy , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief at the time , one of the most significant moments in that heady spring of 1989 in China happened at 2:30 a.m. Beijing time on the morning of June 4 , as the crackdown was taking place . Mike Chinoy : "  I described the gunfire and the bodies . " Chinoy was on the balcony at "  Tokyo base " -- the network 's nickname for its makeshift bureau at the Beijing Hotel down the avenue from Tiananmen Square -- watching soldiers march into the square with guns firing . He was also constantly on the phone with CNN Atlanta , giving the network live "  beeper " updates on what was happening there . CNN 's live video capability had long been pulled by the Chinese authorities . And CNN 's first pictures from the square had already been confiscated . But Chinoy , a long-time China watcher in the midst of the biggest story he had ever covered , was keeping the network and its viewers updated by phone . Watch Mike Chinoy reporting from Tiananmen Square " "  The assault on Tiananmen Square was under way , " Chinoy recalls . "  I could see a lot , but not everything . I was just describing what I was seeing , and passing on what colleagues were sending . I had a telephone line that could be kept open . " And then at 2:30 a.m. , Ralph Begleiter , CNN 's State Department correspondent at the time , started his talk show , which was featuring U.S. Secretary of State James Baker as its previously scheduled guest . Before Begleiter began interviewing Baker , though , he went to Chinoy in China for the latest on what was happening in Beijing . See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " "  I described the gunfire and the bodies , " said Chinoy . Watch Mike Chinoy reporting on the crackdown in Tiananmen Square " "  And then Begleiter asked Baker what America 's policy on the crackdown was . " "  Baker was flustered , " Chinoy recalls . "  He did n't know what was happening yet . The U.S. embassy had n't submitted any reports . He had n't had time to think it through . " It was in that moment that Chinoy realized that television news -- and the 24-hour news cycle CNN had pioneered -- was going to alter everything . "  It showed the way this live , real-time news on television was going to change the dynamics of how major players responded to dramatic events and crises , " said Chinoy . "  It was a watershed in the information revolution . " No time for even a thought that June 4 , 1989 , was also his 37th birthday . Mike Chinoy is now an author and Senior Fellow at the Pacific Council on International Policy , based in Los Angeles . Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	Chinoy was on the balcony at the Beijing Hotel near Tiananmen Square He gave a live commentary on what he was seeing and hearing U.S. Secretary of State James Baker was asked to respond to the breaking news Chinoy realized that 24-hour television news was going to alter everything
CNN  A fossilized human jawbone discovered by a Taiwanese fisherman , sold to an antique shop , then recovered by researchers may reveal a new kind of prehistoric man . The unlikely find could be nearly 200,000 years old and suggests a fourth type of ancient human who lived in Asia long before Homo sapiens ever came to be . Three other known archaic Asian hominids include Homo erectus , found in Java and China ; the shorter Homo floresiensis from Indonesia ; and Neanderthals in the Russian Altai mountains . Scientists believe that human jaws and teeth became smaller as they evolved . But unlike other fossils of the time , the newly discovered jawbone is thick with large molars , suggesting the existence of a different group . "  The new Taiwan mandible is clearly different than the known Homo erectus populations from northern China and Java , and likely represents a group that has been unrecognized so far , " researcher Dr. Yousuke Kaifu told CNN . "  It 's only one piece , but the significance is huge . " Researchers from Taiwan and Japan named the ancient human "  Penghu 1 , " after the Penghu Channel where the fossil was found . The team spent five years analyzing the bone , which was difficult to date because it had been recovered from the sea . "  The findings reminded me that our knowledge is always very limited , and we have very limited fossil records , " said Kaifu . "  That 's a great lesson for me . " Study : Paleolithic skull in Israel may shed light on humans ' path from Africa	A fossilized human jawbone may reveal a new kind of prehistoric man It suggests a fourth type of ancient human who lived in Asia long before Homo sapiens Researchers say the jawbone , which has large molars , could be nearly 200,000 years old
CNN  -- Some of the best food on the Turks and Caicos island of Providenciales is served up by small , local vendors -- Froggies on Da Beach , Blue Hills Native Cuisine , Uncle Dough 's , Hole in the Wall and Middle Caicos Caf  are popular options . Visitors to the Caribbean vacation island , however , tend to stay close to resorts , preferring to nurse poolside glasses of rum punch during their stays . Not that there 's anything wrong with that -- resorts around the famed white sands of central Grace Bay are terrific . It 's just that many visitors leave the island having missed out on a gathering of the best local tastes in town , just a short cab ride away . Local party Launched in January , the island 's Thursday night Fish Fry is a weekly party that aims to get tourists mingling with locals . It takes place in a part of Providenciales  often called "  Provo "  that most tourists do n't readily frequent . Island specialties such as jerk chicken , conch fritters , just-caught fish and an array of fresh seafood are cooked on the spot by the types of smaller vendors most tourists would n't typically come across . The rum punch , too , is mixed in a way locals swear ca n't be replicated by any hotel bar . A steel band punctuates the rhythm of a Junkanoo , a Bahamian-style dance and music parade . World 's 50 best beach bars "  Our goal is to get people out of their Grace Bay resorts and get them to experience our local food , culture and music , " says local tourist board representative David Fenimore , the brains behind the Fish Fry . Reaching across the divide Turks and Caicos is known for white sand beaches , turquoise waters , spectacular snorkeling and diving , and a heavy tilt toward high-end travelers . There 's a distinct separation here between locals and tourists , who tend to stick on or close to their resorts . So it 's important , Fenimore says , to try and tip the scales the other way , "  since the trickle down does n't necessarily happen the way it should . " Longtime Providenciales resident Hazel Greenwood recalls a time when Grace Bay was nothing more than a raw stretch of beach , when expats  many of whom never left the island and became Turks and Caicos residents  and locals all knew each other and would often hang out together . "  Tourists are not really aware of where we have come from to get to where we are , and it has been hard , but I 'd say that what 's important here is that everyone does things together and we like to keep it that way , " says Greenwood , whose engineer husband put in the lights for the runway at Providenciales ' airport in 1983 and later wired up Club Med , the first luxury resort on Provo . Colorful characters At the Thursday fish fry , visitors can meet Provo personalities such as Melbourne Smith , creator of Henry the Conch , a Turks and Caicos mascot whose goal is to raise awareness of the cultural and ecological importance of conch to island . Another regular is the charismatic Alicia Wilson , who goes by the nickname "  Beautiful " and is the creator of potent cocktails . Judging by the crowds lining up at stands like Blue Hills Native Cuisine , where owner Bertha Mae Forbes busily fries up vast quantities of fresh snapper , the word may be spreading faster than Fenimore expects . "  We 're just using lime , some salt and a little bit of pepper , " says Forbes ' daughter , Marjorie Dorsett of her mother 's fish as it sizzles in hot oil . "  It 's plain , way-back kind of seasoning , but I can tell you that you 're not going to find the same taste in the big hotels . " Tourists seem to be loving the local taste . "  It 's a fantastic party -- a great occasion for locals , expats and tourists to get together , and I 'm definitely coming again , " says Robyn Matravers , a visitor from Toronto . The Turks and Caicos Fish Fry takes place every Thursday from 5:30 -9:30 p.m. at Bight Park , Lower Bight Road , Providenciales . A US$ 10-per-person taxi ride from any Grace Bay resort , it 's a family friendly event .	Tourists rarely interact with locals while visiting Turks and Caicos Island Thursday night Fish Fries bring visitors out of hotels to hang with locals The Fish Fries feature local vendors and restaurants tourists do n't usually frequent
CNN  -- Last week a leaked draft of a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warned that climate change will have severe ramifications for the global food supply , making it harder for crops to survive and leading to rising food prices . This report , scheduled for publication in March , provides the latest evidence of the dramatic impacts that the shifting climate is already beginning to have on the planet and on human societies . Clearly , climate change is a global challenge unlike any other we face , which is why I , along with a small but growing number of progressives , support a unique and potentially surprising solution to it . It is time for policymakers to recognize that nuclear power must be a robust part of our nation 's energy plan to reduce carbon emissions . These may seem like strange words coming from a liberal whose family has been active in progressive politics , and who grew up on a Wisconsin goat farm in a home heated by wood fires . Like many of my fellow progressives , I care deeply about the environment and the future of our planet , which is precisely why I do not think we should be reflexively shutting the door on a technology that may be able to help address global climate change . Energy production is the largest single contributor to global greenhouse gas emissions . Some people believe that we can solve climate change by reducing global energy demand and switching to solar , wind , and other renewable energy sources . But , as I 've seen first hand in Latin America , people in the developing world are consuming an increasing amount of energy as they seek to live the modern lives that we in the West enjoy . As a result , studies show that energy demand is actually poised to triple , or even quadruple , over the next century . As much as we might instinctively prefer renewable energy sources like solar and wind to meet this energy demand , last year solar provided a mere 0.1 percent of America 's electricity , while wind provided just 3.5 percent -- and that is after at least $ 34 billion was funneled into clean energy projects from the Obama stimulus package . Meanwhile , 19 % of U.S. electricity comes from nuclear power plants ; that number rises to 60 % among clean energy sources . We need all the help we can get from renewable energy , but it 's a risky bet that wind and solar alone will be able to provide 100 % of America 's energy , let alone meet a global energy demand three times the size it is today . If we are going to address climate change and help the global poor live longer , healthier lives , then , we need to begin a vigorous public discussion about other low-carbon energy options that are quickly scalable -- including nuclear power . Whatever your view , this is a conversation worth having . My own interest in creating a dialogue about nuclear energy inspired me to become one of the backers of the independent documentary , "  Pandora 's Promise , " which chronicles the conversion stories of prominent environmentalists who have become pro-nuclear . In our sharply divided political culture , there is a real shortage of these kinds of conversations . I believe both sides of the spectrum desperately need to open up more actual conversations rather than shutting down ideas and possibilities . After the failures of cap and trade and the United Nations climate treaty , nuclear energy could be a place where left and right find common ground on energy . Only if we are willing to reexamine our previous assumptions , and open up new spaces for dialogue , will we have any chance of addressing our nation 's many complex challenges . I know that many people , my fellow liberals in particular , are deeply skeptical about nuclear energy . But whatever you believe , I encourage you to do some research on nuclear energy -- and to do so with an open mind . After all , the root of the word "  progressive " is "  progress , " and I believe progress only happens with enough openness to arrive at new solutions . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Pritzker .	Self-described liberal who 's active in progressive politics supports nuclear power Pritzker : Policymakers should make nuclear a robust part of U.S. energy plan Both sides desperately need to open up more actual conversations
Rolling Stone  -- Denver 's stately Ellie Caulkins Opera House hosted the kickoff of Death Cab for Cutie 's intimate theater tour last night , beginning a 22-date jaunt that finds the indie-pop band collaborating with San Francisco 's Magik * Magik Orchestra . The string octet , which is supporting the band for the entirety of the tour , is a smart addition to Death Cab 's rich melodic sound , especially since they 're sampling only lightly from their most recent album , "  Codes and Keys , " in favor of a more buffet-like approach to their indie-to-major catalog . Leader Ben Gibbard seems determined to showcase tunes that will push the new orchestral arrangements to the fore , instead of trotting out another new-album-plus-greatest-hits setlist . A lanky , moppy-haired Gibbard took the stage in silhouette after a brief overture to the "  Transatlanticism " sleeper "  Passenger Seat , " bathed in blue backlight and breathing softly into the mic over the song 's dreamy notes . He slow-burned into "  Different Names for the Same Things , " and the rest of his band soon joined him to speed the crescendo , each member dressed in black and seeming acutely aware of their classical environs . It did n't take long for Gibbard and diminutive Magik * Magik director Minna Choi to share a few smiles , but despite the warm exchange , it was clear that a lot was riding on this opening . The seated , sold-out crowd was dotted with more tweens and retirees than your average club show , and the band leaned more toward buttoned-down professionalism than rock & roll abandon , affecting a sort of politely feverish "  Ed Sullivan Show " image with their tight mannerisms and colorful stage lighting . The domino effect of audience members rising to see over the folks in front of them took hold during "  Codes and Keys , " though it quickly subsided when Gibbard eased into the pensive "  No Joy in Mudville . " "  Part of the fun of doing a tour like this is we get to play some songs we have n't done in awhile , " Gibbard said before playing the tune , and it was clear what he meant as Magik * Magik 's languid arrangements enveloped "  Mudville 's " downtempo beat . Gibbard is n't known for burying his emotions , at least in song , but it was reassuring to hear him gush over Death Cab 's slowcore opening act , "  Low , " who delivered a typically monk-like set of calm harmony and clanging guitar . "  Words really ca n't describe the feeling that we get to share the stage with Low , " Gibbard said as he launched into "  Soul Meets Body , " a crowd-pleaser . "  They 're one of our favorite bands of all time , so this one goes out to them . " Back up went the teenagers and the tipsy , 30-something fan boys and girls , who were right to stay on their feet as Gibbard ended the main set a song later with the buoyant "  Codes and Keys " closer , "  Stay Young , Go Dancing . " An encore was all but ensured , but the band at least mixed it up with an acoustic version of "  Steadier Footing , " which found drummer Jason McGerr smacking an upright trap set practically shoulder-to-shoulder with his mates . "  Jason looks like he stole that drum kit from Tito Puente , " Gibbard quipped , in one of the night 's few unscripted moments . An unusually vulnerable "  I Will Follow You Into the Dark " highlighted the six-song appendage , contrasted by another one of the night 's few moments of abandon , a cacophonous "  Transatlanticism " that gave the sleepy show the slap it needed to continue on for another 20-plus dates . Setlist : "  Passenger Seat / Different Names for the Same Thing " "  A Movie Script Ending " "  Title and Registration " "  Grapevine Fires " "  Codes and Keys " "  No Joy in Mudville " "  Little Fury Bugs " "  Death of an Interior Decorator " "  You Are a Tourist " "  Bend to Squares " "  Hindsight " "  Army Corps of Architects " "  What Sarah Said " "  Soul Meets Body " "  Stay Young , Go Dancing " Encore : "  Steadier Footing " "  Photobooth " "  I Was a Kaleidoscope " "  I Will Follow You Into the Dark " "  Tiny Vessels " "  Transatlanticism " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Death Cab for Cutie is collaborating with San Francisco 's Magik * Magik Orchestra The tour is a a 22-date jaunt The string octet is supporting the band for the entirety of the tour
CNN  -- Rocker Axl Rose has his bling back , two days after it disappeared from his backstage dressing room after a concert in Paris , his representative said Thursday . "  I can confirm the jewelry was stolen from his dressing room at the venue , " the Rose representative , who asked not to be identified , told CNN . "  I can also confirm it has been recovered . Due to possible charges , I can not comment on any arrests or subsequent charges . " Only invited guests and members of Rose 's entourage were allowed into the lounge where the gold and diamond necklaces , valued at about $ 200,000 , were stolen , Paris police said Wednesday . The room was guarded by the frontman 's personal security team , police said . Guns N ' Roses is in the middle of a European tour . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Axl Rose 's representative makes no comment on arrests or charges in jewelry theft Only Rose 's entourage , invited guests were allowed in lounge where jewelry disappeared The gold and diamond necklaces are valued at about $ 200,000
Oxford , Mississippi  CNN  -- From a dust mask that tested positive for ricin , to an enigmatic dump of a coffee grinder , to talk of making and mailing "  poison , " an affidavit unsealed Tuesday shed light on the case against a Mississippi man accused of sending potentially deadly letters to President Barack Obama and others . Just more than a week ago , James Everett Dutschke described the man then jailed in the case -- an Elvis , Buddy Holly and Randy Travis impersonator named Paul Kevin Curtis -- as a "  little nutty . " Now Curtis is free , and the 41-year-old Dutschke is behind bars . The document unsealed Tuesday explains what led authorities to arrest Dutschke -- but not why he allegedly concocted the poison and sent it to elected officials . Read the affidavit Lawyers for Dutschke did not respond immediately to CNN 's calls Tuesday for comment on the new details . But the affidavit in support of a criminal complaint indicated that his name was brought up as a possible suspect by none other than Curtis , following the latter 's April 17 arrest . Curtis had been detained on allegations that he was responsible for mailing letters with suspicious substances to Obama , Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi , and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi . Soon , though , authorities began to set their focus on Dutschke as well . That includes one person 's claim , made on April 19 to law enforcement agents , that Dutschke years ago said he could make a "  poison , " the affidavit said . What is ricin ? "  Dutschke stated that he could place the poison in envelopes and send them to elected officials , " said the witness , who had accused Dutschke of making sexual advances against his or her daughter . " ... According to the witness ... Dutschke made reference to having ' a secret knowledge ' for ` getting rid of people in office . ' " Document claims Dutschke repeatedly lied On April 22 , federal authorities searched a trash receptacle from Dutschke 's Tupelo home and found , among other items , different types of yellow paper , address labels and a dust mask . The letters to Obama , Wicker and Holland were all on yellow paper . That same day , FBI agents spotted Dutschke leaving his former tae kwon do facility , or dojo , loading things into his car , then placing several items from his window into a public trash can . According to the affidavit , these items included a coffee grinder , a box with latex gloves , a dust mask and an empty bucket of floor adhesive . Three subsequent tests of the mask by the National Bioforensic Analysis Center came back positive for ricin , the document states . Authorities further searched Dutschke 's former tae kwon do dojo and tested six other samples , including liquid removed from a drain and swabs taken from inside the building . At the time , Dutschke told CNN affiliate WMC-TV that he had agreed to the FBI search "  to help clear my name . " "  I had absolutely nothing to do with those letters , " he said . Yet the affidavit states that laboratory tests showed five of the six samples taken from his dojo tested positive for ricin . The document alleges that Dutschke lied to authorities on other fronts as well . For example , he insisted that he had n't been back to his tae kwon do dojo since April 15 , before changing his story to say that he 'd returned briefly one week later for a mop bucket , two pails and a fire extinguisher . He also claimed he had not stopped while leaving that building on his way to a pawn shop and seemed to be flummoxed when authorities told him they 'd spotted him tossing items into a trash can . The affidavit also alludes to Dutschke 's or his family 's possible frame of mind earlier this month , as seen in text messages on his wife 's cell phone . "  We 're coming over to burn some things , " one such message from April 20 reads . Another from the same day states , "  We are gon na clean house . " Twisted relationships and more The letters -- all postmarked April 8 -- each had a suspicious substance inside , a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . They also contained a letter that read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " On April 17 , authorities arrested Curtis . He emphatically denied sending the letters , insisting he 'd been framed and pointing the finger at Dutschke . The two men knew each other because Dutschke used to work for Curtis ' brother at an insurance company , under the direction of Curtis ' ex-wife . Curtis has said that while Dutschke worked for his brother , the two talked about collaborating on the publication of a book but later had a falling out . He has accused Dutschke of stalking him online , a claim the latter has denied . As for Dutschke , he told reporters last week that he did n't have a relationship with Curtis . "  He 's just a little nutty , " he said . Yet while the last line of the letters to Obama , Wicker and Holland all contain Curtis 's signature online catchphrase -- "  I am KC and I approve this message " -- the newly unsealed affidavit ties them to Dutschke . Among them , it states that marks on the paper for all those letters match those of paper found in Dutschke 's home and trash . Businessman , musician and convicted criminal So who is James Everett Dutschke ? He 's held several jobs , including at the insurance company and owner of his tae kwon do dojo . The Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal described him as a musician . He was also an aspiring politician . He ran as a Republican against Democratic state Rep. Steve Holland , the son of Judge Sadie Holland , and lost . Judge Holland dismissed a civil lawsuit that Dutschke had filed against the witness who told investigators that Dutschke had talked about "  poison . " Dutschke is also no stranger to law enforcement . Last year , residents in his Tupelo neighborhood sought police help after , one neighbor says , Dutschke repeatedly exposed himself to young girls . The case resulted in a conviction on indecent exposure charges and a 90-day jail sentence . He 's appealed the conviction , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . Then came another arrest on January 18 , that is tied to the ricin case in two ways . In that case , according to a grand jury indictment handed up this month and obtained by CNN , Dutschke is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . This arrest prompted him to close his tae kwon do dojo . After the arrest , he consented to the seizure of his laptop computer , a hard drive and several flash drives , the affidavit in the ricin case states . Investigators searched these and found that on New Year 's Eve 2012 someone had downloaded a publication , "  Standard Operating Procedure for Ricin , " about safely handling the toxin . They also found that another file , about a method for detecting ricin , had been downloaded about two hours later . But according to the affidavit , Dutschke insisted that he 'd never researched anything about ricin and that he 'd never even seen a castor bean . Whether it was Dutschke or someone else , and whatever their motivation , the ricin-tainted letters could have done more than make headlines or scare people . They could have killed . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours due to the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote . In a seeming acknowledgment of these dangers , the FBI issued a statement Tuesday stating it had "  immediately sealed off " Dutschke 's former tae kwon do facility -- which is near an auto body shop and an ice cream parlor -- and contacted public health authorities in the interest of public safety . "  The FBI is now conducting further forensic examination for the purpose of identifying trace evidence , residues and signatures of production that could provide evidence to support the investigation , " the agency said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Mississippi , and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : FBI says tae kwon do site is "  sealed off " and that a forensic examination is ongoing Dutschke , 41 , was arrested and accused of sending letters with ricin to Obama , others Dust mask and other samples tied to a Mississippi man positive for ricin , an affidavit says A witness says Dutschke talked about being able to make a "  poison " and mail it to officials
CNN  -- A New Zealand rugby star has apologized for his reported alcohol-fueled incident last week , when the 2011 World Cup winner is said to have entered a Cook Islands bar naked and wet before assaulting two patrons . According to the New Zealand Herald newspaper , Zac Guildford -- who has a history of drinking problems -- embarked on the rampage on the island of Rarotonga . "  Firstly , I would like to apologize for my behavior here in Rarotonga on Thursday night , " the 22-year-old said in a statement on the All Blacks ' official website . "  I have no clear recollection of the events of that night but there is no doubt that my behavior was unacceptable and I am hugely embarrassed by what happened . "  I want to apologize to the people who I was involved with and offended that night , the patrons and staff who witnessed my behavior , and the Cook Island people . I am truly sorry for what I did . " It is not the first time Guildford has found himself in hot water as a result of his off-field antics . He was reprimanded by team management for a similar binge following the All Blacks ' Tri-Nations defeat to Australia in August . The New Zealand Rugby Union  NZRU  revealed that the winger -- who scored four tries against Canada in his only game of the recent World Cup -- has been called in front of the disciplinary board on three occasions in the last 18 months . Guildford , who plays for Christchurch-based franchise Crusaders in the Super Rugby competition , expressed his regret for the embarrassment he had caused his family . "  I do n't want any sympathy for the situation I have ended up in , but I am thankful for the support I have received so far from so many people , " he said . "  It 's obvious that I need help and I want to get home and to get that help as soon as I can . I need to sort myself out . " NZRU general manager Neil Sorensen defended Guildford , saying he was a good person who is struggling to come to terms with the loss of his father in 2009 . Rob Guildford died from a suspected heart attack after seeing his son score two tries for New Zealand in the final of the Under-20 World Cup in Japan . "  The first thing we 'll do is find out the facts , " Sorensen told the Dominion Post newspaper . "  The second thing we will do is help the guy if he is in trouble . "  He lost his dad a couple of years ago . He 's also had some alcohol-related issues in the past . He 's a good young man . " Crusaders coach Todd Blackadder echoed Sorensen 's sentiments , claiming Guildford would benefit from the backing of his friends and family . "  One thing that I do think he needs is to have rugby back in his life , " Blackadder said . "  He needs the support of all his family and his friends , and he needs to be in a good supportive environment . "  There 's no point in taking him through the judiciary process right here and now when he needs more than that . This is more of an issue than a one-night drinking binge . " Guildford made his All Blacks debut against Wales at the Millennium Stadium in November 2009 and has represented New Zealand on eight occasions .	New Zealand 's Zac Guildford has apologized for an incident in the Cook Islands last week The All Blacks wing is said to have entered a bar drunk , naked and wet Guildford allegedly assaulted two patrons at the bar in Rarotonga Guildford : "  My behavior was unacceptable and I am hugely embarrassed "
London  CNN  London teenager Brusthom Ziamani only converted to Islam in April last year . But by August he was arrested on suspicion of plotting to kill a soldier , police officer or government official , with a 12-inch knife and a hammer found in his backpack . Ziamani was convicted in February of "  engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts " and sentenced Friday at the Old Bailey to 22 years in prison . It 's a case with chilling echoes of the shocking murder by two Islamist extremists of soldier Lee Rigby , mowed down and hacked to death with a machete on a street in Woolwich , in southeast London , in May 2013 . On the morning of his arrest , Ziamani had told his former girlfriend he intended to attack and kill soldiers . He also showed her the long-bladed knife and the hammer in his bag . Police who had searched his home two months previously had found a handwritten letter in which he glorified the murder of Rigby , and stated that "  we should do a 9/11 , 7/7 and a Woolwich all in one day . " Police said Ziamani , who was unemployed , had come under the influence of a banned London-based terrorist organization "  that it is believed played a major role in influencing and shaping his radical views . " That organization is Al Muhajiroun , also known as ALM . Handing down the 22-year sentence , Judge Timothy Pontius said the police had put together a "  formidable and unassailable " case against the teenager . "  Ziamani 's coldblooded deliberation under the malign influence of ALM , of whom he was a willing student , showed in court that he was far from the naive adolescent that the  defense  tried to portray him as , " he is quoted as saying in a police statement . "  He is a man of intelligence and independent and articulate mind . He was within hours of carrying out his intention of murdering a soldier , police officer or government official to imitate the horrifying savagery carried out by the killers of Lee Rigby . " The letter that came to light when counterterror officers from London 's Metropolitan Police searched Ziamani 's address in June gave an insight into an extremist mind-set that already had violence in mind . Found in a pair of jeans , according to police , the letter was messily written with many misspellings . In it , he tells his "  beloved parents " that what he 's about to do is an obligation for Muslims and asks them to forgive him for all the stress he 's caused them in the past . "  I 'm a changed person , " he said , saying he has to act to help his "  brothers and sisters " in Syria and Iraq . Because he does not have the means to get to these countries , he will wage war against the British government here instead , he said , adding that it would give the authorities "  a taste of there  sic  own medicine . " Ziamani admitted writing the letter and was arrested on suspicion of committing a terrorism offense . He was released on bail , allowing police to continue their inquiries . Police believe he converted to Islam in April 2014 and point to his postings on social media as evidence of his rapid radicalization . In May he posted "  Land of democracy = Evil , " and in July he posted , "  Forget the protests , the only way to liberate Muslim lands is Jihad . " On June 20 , Ziamani had used his phone to visit websites researching the locations for army cadet bases across London , police said . While Ziamani was out on bail , officers tasked with trying to divert vulnerable young people from the path to radicalization tried to meet with him three times , but he declined to engage with them , police said . Commander Richard Walton of the Counter Terrorism Command welcomed the sentence , saying he was "  relieved an extremely dangerous individual " had been removed from the streets . "  Ziamani was an impressionable young man who became radicalized , then rapidly developed an extremist , violent mind-set , " Walton said . The work of police and intelligence officials had "  probably prevented a horrific terrorist attack taking place on the streets of London , " he said .	Brusthom Ziamani gets 22 years in prison in plot to kill a soldier , police officer or official Police found a knife and hammer in Ziamani 's backpack when he was arrested
During the half century since President John F. Kennedy was assassinated , you may have heard about a few conspiracy theories . Decades of investigations , hearings , documents , records , books and interviews have failed to satisfy conspiracy theorists with a definitive answer to The Question : Did Lee Harvey Oswald act alone when he shot the President ? At one time or another , doubters of the lone gunman theory "  have accused 42 groups , 82 assassins and 214 people of being involved in the assassination , " said author Vincent Bugliosi . That 's a lot of paranoia . So , when reporters , producers , or amateur historians are looking to check out the latest JFK conspiracy theory , they call Dave Perry . "  People think I 'm an anti-conspiracy guy , " Perry said recently at his Dallas-area home . But there 's one theory that he 's not ruling out . We 'll get to that in a minute . Kennedy assassination conspiracy theorists , Perry said , come in all degrees of interest and levels of obsession . They may believe that the government was behind the 9/11 attacks or that the moon landings were fake . Those folks comprise the "  off the wall " crowd . The others , he says , read the books , watch the documentaries and come to less extreme conclusions . Related : Secretary Kerry thinks JFK assassin had help Ahead of last November 's 50th anniversary of the assassination , a flood of books about the tragedy were re-released , along with the publication of new books examining various conspiracies . The king of Kennedy conspiracy films , Oliver Stone 's "  JFK , " has also was re-released on disc . Related : Why Oliver Stone thinks it was a conspiracy Conspiracy theorists have been gathering to compare notes at special symposiums , like one last year at Pittsburgh 's Duquesne University . The event , which included Stone as a panelist , seemed more like a revival meeting at a Sunday house of worship than an academic conference , according to a reporter who was there . "  Replace ` Amen ' for ` That 's right ! ' and it would have basically been a church , " recalled Rebecca Nuttall . Nuttall said the crowd ranged from those who believed the government was involved in some kind of cover-up , to extremists who appeared to think "  everything the government tells you is a lie . " She said many still blame the media for failing to uncover the truth . And Perry , a 70-year-old retired former insurance claims adjuster from Massachusetts , has been digging through JFK assassination records since 1976 to address those skeptics . Doubters ask him to check out the odd stories that pop up : Somebody claimed to be the Grassy Knoll shooter . Nope , he was n't . Perry says he located and verified the authenticity of Oswald 's long-lost wedding ring . "  I do n't do the sexy stuff , " Perry said . "  I do n't come out and say , ' I know who the Grassy Knoll assassin is ! ' I 'm the guy that goes into the county records building and looks up deed records . Most people do n't get too wound up over that . " Related : Still paranoid after all these years Over the years he 's come to know several people who found themselves embroiled in the investigation , including ex-Dallas detective Jim Leavelle and Oswald 's co-worker Buell Frazier . Perry guesses he spends a "  couple hundred hours " each October and November doing research and consulting . After all that , you can imagine he 's heard a lot of theories . The School Book Depository where Oswald shot Kennedy is now the Sixth Floor Museum , featuring exhibits surrounding the tragedy . "  The conspiracy theories are still around because people do n't know what to believe , " said museum curator Gary Mack , who admits he 's "  not satisfied with the official story . " If Oswald did n't act alone , who was behind the shooting in Dallas 's Dealey Plaza on November 22 , 1963 ? Some conspiracy theorists believe "  the oil people " may have organized a hit on the President ; others suspect "  people who did n't like the way Kennedy handled civil rights . " Perry shared five conspiracy theories he believes rank among the most popular : 1 . "  LBJ had it done " Perry has shot this one down . "  It 's based primarily on statements made by Madeleine Brown , " who Perry described as a "  crackpot . " Brown -- who died in 2002 -- claimed to have had an affair with Johnson . She also claimed that LBJ had attended a party with ex-Vice President Richard Nixon , FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover and others the night before the attack . According to Perry , Brown said LBJ whispered into her ear , "  After tomorrow , those Kennedys will never embarrass me again . That 's no threat . That 's a promise . " "  That 's absolutely not true , " said Perry , who said his research proved LBJ could n't have been at the alleged party that night , debunking Brown 's story . "  A lot of Texans did n't like Johnson -- they thought he was a crook -- so as a result , they started creating this fiction after the assassination where he wanted Kennedy out so he could be president , " Perry said . "  But we 've found no evidence , and we know that all the stuff that Madeleine Brown said was contrived . " 2 . The "  military industrial complex " did it Nope , that does n't wash either , said Perry . "  The claim is that Kennedy was going to pull  American  troops out of Vietnam  and that  the military wanted to pour more people into Vietnam . That 's technically not correct . He talked about trying to resolve the situation , but he never made a claim that he was going to pull out of there . " 3 . "  The mob " did it Sorry , said Perry , no veracity to that . "  There 's at least three different groups that they claim independently did this : There 's the Chicago mob , the Miami mob , and the New Orleans mob . But it 's all hearsay . " 4 . "  Oswald acted alone as part of an unknown conspiracy " It 's possible there were individuals who helped Oswald , but who were n't part of any larger group or perhaps unaware of what he was planning . "  Remember John Wilkes Booth shot Lincoln and four were hung , including the first woman ever to be hung  by the federal government ,  Mary Surratt , " he said . 5 . "  The CIA did it " This is the conspiracy theory that interests Perry the most . "  The problem is , of all of them , this is one I ca n't debunk , " he laughs . "  Supposedly Kennedy was fed up with the shenanigans that the CIA was pulling , " Perry said . "  He found out the CIA was trying to kill  Cuban leader Fidel  Castro , which is a fact . So the argument is that the CIA felt that Kennedy was going to disband them . And as a result of that , they were the ones that ordered the killing of Kennedy . " Perry points out that a former head of the CIA , Allen Dulles , was a member of the Warren Commission , the special Johnson-appointed panel tasked with the official investigation of the assassination . The commission determined that Oswald acted alone . Oswald was a supporter of Soviet-backed Cuba . "  We know Oswald was in the Russian embassy in Mexico City , " Perry said . "  We even know who he talked to . But we do n't know what was said . Then a few weeks later , he shoots Kennedy . " "  It may have been something that they overheard involving him and the Russians . Or , maybe the CIA had Oswald on the payroll . He might have been a double agent . " Is it possible that Russians ordered Oswald to do it ? Not likely , said Perry . The Russians would never have ordered Oswald to kill Kennedy because of his well-known links to Russia and his pro-Cuban sympathies . Russia 's leaders knew they would have been the first suspects if they 'd engineered an assassination by Oswald . It would have been an act of war , which could have triggered a nuclear attack . "  We need to know what happened in Mexico City , " Perry said . The answer , he said , may be contained in still-classified CIA documents . The U.S. National Archives currently holds a number of unreleased CIA documents related to the assassination . Those papers are scheduled to be made public in 2017 as part of the 1992 Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act . "  CIA has followed the provisions of the JFK Assassination Records Collection Act , and the National Archives has all of the agency 's documents and files on the Kennedy assassination , " said CIA spokesman Edward Price . "  The classified information contained in the files remains subject to the declassification provisions of the Act . " So , either we already know the truth , Oswald acted alone , or -- worst-case scenario -- we may never know the whole truth , prompting one more question surrounding the killing of JFK : Would America be OK with that ? Five things you might not know about JFK 's assassination JFK assassination a collective memory for American children	Since 1976 , Dave Perry has been researching John F. Kennedy 's killing Top conspiracy theories include the CIA , the mob and then-Vice President Lyndon Johnson Event in Pittsburgh drew Oliver Stone and hundreds of conspiracy theorists Perry ca n't debunk a CIA conspiracy theory ; many CIA JFK documents still classified
Washington  CNN  -- Sarah Palin came right out of the gate with a stab at self-deprecating humor . As Matt Lauer announced that "  it is a pleasure to welcome Sarah Palin to the program this morning , " the camera cut to Palin sitting on the "  Today " show set in a sea of newspapers . Not only did that allow the former Alaska governor to poke fun at herself , it was also a thinly veiled nod to the morning 's high stakes competition with "  Good Morning America " guest host Katie Couric , who famously could n't get an answer from Palin about what newspapers she read . Tweet of the day : McCain congratulations Palin Expanding on the laugh-at-herself theme , the camera later zoomed in on Palin , sitting in Lauer 's dressing room , writing notes on her hand with a sharpie . Again , it was making light of another classic Palin moment , when she was busted with talking points for a speech written on her hand . "  Thanks for letting me crash your dressing room , " Palin said to Lauer . He thought it was funny , sort of . "  Technically , I did n't give you permission to be in there , " he said dryly . Palin 's first assignment in this much-hyped stint as guest "  Today " show host was really as a guest . Historian speculates : What if Palin had run this year ? She talked about Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney as if they 'd poured sour milk in her coffee . "  Anything is still possible . There can still be a bit of a shake-up . But the numbers are what the numbers are , " she said . When Lauer pressed her , saying it "  does n't sound like you 're happy with Mitt Romney as the party 's nominee , " Palin quickly responded with the bumper sticker line , "  anybody but Obama . " She had a warning for the next GOP vice presidential pick . "  It does n't matter if that person has the national level experience or not , they 're going to get clobbered by the lamestream media , who does not like the conservative message . " Yes , without a hint of irony , she took part in the longest running network morning show and whacked the mainstream media . Lauer could n't help himself . "  You are going to stick around for the 8a hour , which technically makes you part of the lamestream media , " he deadpanned . Sarah Palin 's key moments How much more mainstream media can you get than standing on the plaza outside NBC 's "  30 Rock " tossing to the weather ? "  It 's Al 's turn , so let 's get a check of the weather with Al , " Palin said , throwing to Al Roker . As guest host , Palin took part in three segments . In "  Today 's Professionals , " they cleverly brought up the buzz about Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs in an upcoming movie as a way to pivot to Palin and the HBO movie "  Game Change . " Palin repeated previous comments that she did n't watch the movie saying , "  I 'm not going to waste my time there . " Nevertheless , she did give Julianne Moore a thumbs down for her portrayal . She volunteered that she liked another actress known for her uncanny Palin impersonation . "  I do have to admit that Tina Fey has been pretty clever , " said Palin . She also defended Jessica Simpson 's pregnancy weight gain . "  How would you have felt had someone criticized you for gaining too much weight , " Lauer asked Palin . "  I would have wanted to punch them in the neck , " she responded . Palin went on to say that this is only an issue "  because that Hollywood image is full of itty-bitty people , " In the her next segment , she gushed over one of those itty-bitty Hollywood people , Tori Spelling , who is now pregnant with her fourth child . "  Keep going , keep going , the more the merrier , " Palin told Spelling , as the daughter of Hollywood royalty-turned reality TV star promoted her book on how to host an economical party . "  How do you do it with five ? " Spelling asked Palin , gushing back , "  I do n't know if I can handle four , " The only segment Palin technically co-hosted was on mothering teenage daughters . At the end , Ann Curry got a real taste of what it 's like when Palin goes rogue . Palin kept talking as a visibly anxious Curry tried to go to commercial break . The normally unflappable Curry even made a caught-on-television face at either the floor director or the control room , as Palin continued to talk to the guests about children wanting boundaries from parents . Back on the plaza , as she was saying goodbye to the "  Today " show gang , Lauer asked how she enjoyed being "  part of the mainstream media . " She called it "  controlled chaos " and quoted race car driver Mario Andretti as saying , if things are in control , "  you 're going too slow . " In the end , Palin seemed to have fun with her one-day appearance , but the real arbiter of that will be how she rated in this head-to-head competition with Couric on "  Good Morning America . " After all , it was Palin herself who set it up that way , declaring "  game on . "	Sarah Palin is facing off against Katie Couric in competing guest hosting stints Palin on Romney : "  There can still be a bit of a shake-up " but points out numbers lead Palin also took a familiar jab at the "  lamestream media " Palin told NBC 's Matt Lauer that Tuesday 's appearance on "  Today " was "  controlled chaos "
CNN  -- What can Sen. Barack Obama do to turn the Democratic campaign around ? He has to try a different kind of campaign . Polls show Barack Obama as the most likable Democrat but Hillary Clinton with the best chance to beat the GOP . No more Mr. Nice Guy . When the senator from Illinois got into the presidential race , he promised something different , saying , "  I 've been struck by how hungry we all are for a different kind of politics . " Obama has been running as a uniter -- someone who can reconcile divisions . Watch the senator in peacemaker mode " In August , he said , "  We 're going to need somebody who can break out of the political patterns that we 've been in over the last 20 years . And part of that is the notion that half the country 's on one side , the other half 's on the other . " But is that what Democrats are looking for right now ? Maybe not -- Obama 's running 30 points behind Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York in polls of Democrats nationwide . What is she doing that 's working ? She 's showing some fight . "  The idea that you 're going to escape the Republican attack machine and not have high negatives by the time they 're through with you , I think is just missing what 's been going on in American politics for the last 20 years , " Clinton says . Democrats are tired of being bullied . They want a candidate who will punch bullies in the nose . A majority of New Hampshire voters -- who have seen the candidates up close -- say Clinton has the best chance of beating the Republicans next year , according to a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . Obama and former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina are not even close . Which candidate do they find most likable ? Obama , followed by Edwards . Clinton trails on likability . But Democrats do n't seem to be looking for Mr. -- or Mrs. -- Nice Guy . The only way Obama might be able to overtake Clinton is by saying , "  No more Mr. Nice Guy . " Can Obama get tough ? He 's trying . In an appearance last week on "  The Tonight Show With Jay Leno , " Obama said , "  Hillary is not the first politician in Washington to declare ` Mission accomplished ' a little too soon . " That hurt , a little . His criticism of Clinton 's efforts to overhaul health care as first lady also stung -- Obama criticized her for not reaching out enough , saying , "  The problem was that she closed the doors . She just worked with her own people . She locked out potential allies . " Obama also criticizes Clinton for being too divisive , saying , "  The only person who would probably be prepared to be president is Bill Clinton , not Hillary Clinton . We are all very qualified for the job . The question is who can inspire the nation to get beyond the politics that have bogged us down in the past . " In a new ad , Obama continues to play the peacemaker . In the commercial that started running Monday in New Hampshire , Obama says , "  When we break out of the conventional thinking and we start reaching out to friend and foe alike , then I am absolutely confident that we can restore America 's leadership in the world . " What we 're not hearing is criticism such as this : "  One more time -- ' I have a million ideas . America ca n't afford them all . ' No kidding , Hillary -- America ca n't afford you . " That was Republican White House hopeful Rudy Giuliani in Sunday 's GOP presidential debate in Florida . Or from the same debate , this comment from rival Republican Mitt Romney : "  She has n't run a corner store . She has n't run a state . She has n't run a city . She has never run anything . And the idea that she could learn to be president , you know , as an internship just does n't make any sense . " That 's was n't very nice . Republicans play rough . If Obama 's going to overtake Clinton , he has to make it clear to Democrats that he 's ready to rumble . E-mail to a friend	Sen. Barack Obama has been running as uniter and talks of reconciling divisions Obama trails Sen. Hillary Clinton by 30 points in nationwide polls of Democrats Senator from Illinois has shown some signs of playing hardball in recent weeks
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Flashback to 1984 : As a child , I am glued to my family 's black-and-white television set for our daily dose of evening entertainment and news on India 's national broadcaster . India holds its first rocket launch from a fishing village in southern India on November 21 , 1963 . But this is no ordinary newscast : Prime Minister Indira Gandhi is speaking via videolink with astronaut Rakesh Sharma , who is aboard a space station . Indian pride soared as Squadron Leader Sharma , an Indian Air Force pilot , became the first in the nation to explore the celestial realm , part of a joint mission with what was then the Soviet Union . I do n't remember what show it was , but it etched India 's "  astronomical feat " in the minds of those who watched it , including a 10-year-old like me . But the Indian connection to space was much older than that milestone . In the country 's space calendar , November 21 , 1963 , is a key date : It marks the first rocket launch from a fishing village in southern India . Nike-Apache , a two-stage sounding rocket imported from the United States , took off that day from Thumba , a site that eventually became a favorite location for similar experiments by international scientists . So far , there have been some 2,200 sounding-rocket launches from that facility , according to the Vikram Sarabhai Space Center . But the South Asian nation 's space program has been far more expansive -- the Indian Space Research Organization  ISRO  has more than 60 events that it lists as "  milestones " since 1962-63 , which includes the successful use of polar and geosynchronous satellite launch vehicles . See India 's space odyssey in photos " Fast forward to 2008 : The country launches its first unmanned mission to the Moon in what is being seen as the 21st-Century , Asian version of the space race between the United States and the USSR -- but this time the two nations involved are India and China . In September of that same year , a Chinese astronaut took a spacewalk , his country 's first . A month later , India sent Chandrayaan-1 -- Chandrayaan means "  moon craft " in Sanskrit -- on a two-year mission to take high-resolution , three-dimensional images of the lunar surface , especially the permanently-shadowed polar regions . The craft , carrying payloads from the United States , the European Union and Bulgaria , will search for evidence of water or ice and attempt to identify the chemical composition of certain lunar rocks . Nonetheless , India maintains competition does not drive its space program . Vikram Sarabhai , seen as the father of India 's space program , made this case for government funding of the program in the 1960s : "  We do not have the fantasy of competing with the economically-advanced nations in the exploration of the Moon or the planets or manned space-flight , " Sarabhai said , according to ISRO 's Website . "  But we are convinced that if we are to play a meaningful role nationally , and in the community of nations , we must be second to none in the application of advanced technologies to the real problems of man and society , " said Sarabhai , in what the agency described as a "  vision " for India 's space endeavors . Earlier this year , the Indian government increased the federal budget for space research to around $ 1 billion from some $ 700 million , ISRO spokesman S. Satish told CNN , as scientists propose to send astronauts into space by 2015 on solely Indian missions . ISRO was also studying the feasibility of sending a manned craft to the Moon by 2020 , Satish said , adding that plans for unmanned Mars missions in the coming years have not been finalized . The space agency dropped a TV-sized probe on the Moon last November that it said sent sufficient signals to the mother craft before a crash landing . But the country 's space ambitions are not limited to public research endeavors , Satish said . "  We have just entered the commercial satellite launch market , " he said , including what ISRO noted is now the world 's largest constellation of remote-sensing satellites . These satellites , according to the Vikram Sarabhai Space Center , capture images of the Earth that are used in a range of applications -- agriculture , water resources , urban development , mineral prospecting , environment , forestry , drought and flood forecasting , ocean resources and disaster management . Another major system , or INSAT , is used for communication , television and meteorology . "  We have mastered the space technology in these 40 years . We have already sent an unmanned mission to the Moon and now we look forward to sending a manned one there , " Satish said .	India made its first rocket launch on November 21 , 1963 Indian space group list more than 60 events it considers "  milestones " India launches its first unmanned mission to the moon in 2008 The South Asian nation is seen as being in an Asian space race with China
CNN  -- What happens when the Winter Olympics party leaves town ? It 's a question that is probably giving organizers of the Sochi 2014 Games sleepless nights and , if the example of Lillehammer is anything to go by , some food for thought . Will all the expense be worthwhile ? Russia is spending an unprecedented $ 50 billion on completely revamping its faded Black Sea resort , hoping to turn it into a tourist mecca and hi-tech business destination for decades after next February 's 16 days of competition . Can Vladimir Putin 's grand planners learn from one of the smallest host venues in Olympic history ? Leap of faith As Stein Gruben prepared to make the historic leap at the opening ceremony of the 1994 Winter Games , he carried with him not just the symbolic torch but also the hopes of the Norwegian nation . He was drafted in 48 hours earlier after Ole Gunnar Fidjestol was injured during practice , and his ski jump was to be the dramatic denouement to the Olympic flame 's 7,500-mile journey from Greece . Following the theft of Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream " from Norway 's National Gallery in Oslo earlier that February day , Lillehammer 's organizers could have been forgiven for wearing their own looks of anguished despair as Gruben started his descent . But they need n't have worried . The 26-year-old understudy landed safely in the Lysgardsbakkene Ski Jumping Arena before handing on the torch on for its final earthbound journey to the Olympic cauldron . While Lillehammer '94 is perhaps best known for the sad soap opera that played out between U.S. figure skaters Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan , Norwegians remember a far happier time , when a small town of 23,500 residents became the center of the sporting universe . Party atmosphere "  It was a party for the Norwegian people , " recalls Inge Andersen , Secretary General of the Norwegian Olympic Committee . "  It brought people together , there was a lot of pride and there was also lovely winter conditions . So it was , in one way , a great promotion for the country . Everyone was happy . " This celebratory atmosphere helped push the country 's athletes to new heights . Speed skater Johann Olav Koss led the way with three golds  and three world records  as Norway bagged a record 26 medals  10 gold , 11 silver , five bronze  . But six years earlier , the idea of Lillehammer playing host to such scenes was almost impossible to imagine . Norway had endured its worst Winter Games for more than three decades at Calgary in 1988 , picking up just three silver and two bronze . And after finishing fourth in the bid to host the 1992 Games  won by Albertville , France  , Lillehammer was considered a rank outsider in the race to host the '94 Games -- the first time winter and summer Olympics were held in different years . But to everyone 's amazement , Lillehammer beat Sweden 's Ostersund -- population 60,000 -- in the final round of voting , setting in motion the task of turning a remote town 110 miles north of Oslo into a center of sporting excellence . "  There was really nothing there , " Andersen told CNN . "  There were no big venues before the Olympics . It was a huge gift to this part of Norway . " Around 680 million Norwegian Krone  $ 220 million  of the 12 billion NOK  $ 2 billion  total budget was spent transforming the Lillehammer landscape . New venues were built for ski jumping , ice hockey , bobsleigh/luge along with freestyle and cross-country ski stadiums . Additional arenas were sited in neighboring towns Hamar and Gjovik and two new ski resorts were built north of the Lillehammer in Kvitfjell and Hajfell . "  Lillehammer is now the natural choice for top athletes and national teams . It has probably become the strongest sports region in the country , " says Andersen . The 16-day event is also remembered as the first "  green " Games , enshrining the now familiar ethos of conservation and sustainability at big sporting events . Perhaps the most visible and enduring reminder were the Olympic medals themselves , which were partly made from stone extracted during construction of the ski jumping arena . A different type of recycling was used when the 26,500 m  international media center was refurbished and handed over to Lillehammer University College in 1995 . Today , the campus has more than 4,000 students and , since 1997 , has been home to the Norwegian Film School . Olympic tourist trap While an educational legacy may be secure , the economic aspirations of boosting tourism in the region proved harder to realize . Part of the idea of staging the Olympics in Lillehammer was to provide investment in inland Norway , Andersen says , bringing it up to a level with the successful oil and fish industries on the west coast and in the north of the country . It worked in as much that it encouraged  and still does  affluent city dwellers in Oslo and other southern cities to build luxury second homes near the sports facilities . But the goal of encouraging more Norwegians and foreign tourists to the wider region have largely failed , says Jon Teigland , a Norwegian social scientist who has studied the economic after-effects of the Lillehammer Olympics . "  The predictions on a regional level was that tourist demand would increase more than 100 % . Local scientists predicted annual increases of 15 % over a long period . The reality is zero outside all four communities that got Winter Olympic sports facilities , " says Teigland . Norway did experience a rise in foreign tourists before the Olympics and for two years after , says Teigland , but this was largely down to increased numbers from eastern Europe  particularly Germans  following the fall of communism in 1989 and subsequent years . But long-term predictions  10 % per year for the decade after the Games  for tourist growth nationally never happened . Lillehammer and the other Olympic resorts did n't emerge completely unscathed . In the five years following the Games , 40 % of the town 's hotels went bankrupt , says Teigland . And while cross-country events are incredibly popular , the alpine resorts of Hafjell and Kvitfjell north of Lillehammer remain economically fragile , he says . Norway 's experience is n't unique . Most , if not all of the last eight host countries of Winter Games have experienced negligible increases in tourist numbers , says Teigland . It 's something that organizers of the next "  small town " Olympics at Pyeongchang , South Korea in 2018 should bear in mind . "  They should be very careful about developing a lot of accommodation facilities if they have not seen strong growth in winter sports already , " Teigland says . The $ 50 billion question ? Of course , before Pyeongchang comes Sochi 2014 . Russia 's great winter sports showpiece will be the most expensive Olympics  winter or summer  in history and five times more expensive than its original budget . Lillehammer also overshot its original costs by a similar multiple . It 's hard to see how hosting an Olympics can ever add up financially , but it appears you ca n't put a price on the experience of hosting . "  Lillehammer was well organized . It really was a huge party . Was it worth $ 2 billion or not ? It seems like a lot of Norwegians think that it was , " Teigland says . Andersen agrees . "  Here in Norway , I have never heard people say it was not worth it , " he said . "  Everything in Lillehammer got a lift . It was n't just an investment in the sports venues , it was an investment in the town itself and also the rail and road links from Oslo . " Norwegians have much to cheer about when it comes to medals too . Since 1994 , the homeland of Sondre Norheim -- the man who invented recreational skiing in the 19th century -- has collected a further 92 Winter Olympics medals  including 34 gold  , and finished top of the table at Salt Lake City in 2002 with 13 golds and 25 in total . Thanks to the Netflix series "  Lilyhammer , " TV viewers worldwide are getting to know the town all over again and in a little over two years , Lillehammer will welcome back a new generation of athletes for the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics . "  We are building a new knowledge for young leaders and coaches here in Norway , " Andersen says . "  I believe that will be our big gift for the next generation . "	Small Norwegian town rose to sporting prominence at 1994 Winter Olympics Investment in Lillehammer has made it a post-Olympic center of sporting excellence $ 1.2 billion of public money gave boost to town but did n't increase tourism as expected Lillehammer set to host second Winter Youth Olympics in 2016
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China has recalled two tainted leukemia drugs tied to "  adverse reactions " in patients , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . The factories involved in the production of the tainted drugs have been closed for investigation . According to Xinhau , the State Food and Drug Administration and the Ministry of Health suspended the production , sale and usage of methotrexate and cytarabin hydrochloride , produced by Shanghai Hualian Pharmaceutical Co. , on September 5 . There is no indication the drugs in question were ever exported outside of China . On Friday , the two agencies issued a notice saying that vincristine sulfate was the culprit -- an anti-cancer medicine which had been mistakenly mixed with the leukemia drugs , causing leg pains and retention of urine -- Xinhua reported . The factories involved have been closed , while the cause is being investigated . Separately , China returned to U.S. and Canadian exporters 42 tons of pork and turkey products after samples of the pork in the shipments showed traces ractopamine , Xinhua reported . Ractopamine is a hormone used to promote lean meat growth in some animals and is banned in many parts of the world , including China and the European Union . E-mail to a friend	China has recalled two tainted leukemia drugs causing "  adverse reactions " Production , sale of drug by Shanghai Hualian Pharmaceutical suspended China returned to U.S. , Canadian exporters 42 tons tainted pork , turkey products
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Sunday refused to stop California from issuing same-sex marriage licenses , turning aside an emergency request from supporters of Proposition 8 , the voter-approved measure that had earlier been dismissed by the justices on narrow , jurisdictional grounds . It is the latest legal and political twist in an issue that has divided the state . Justice Anthony Kennedy refused to vacate a stay of a decision Friday by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco , which had lifted a previous injunction on the ability of gays and lesbians to legally wed. . Officials across the state , including the attorney general , quickly began performing same-sex marriages , including those of the two couples who brought the original lawsuit . Kennedy acted on his own , without consulting the other justices , and offered no explanation for his decision to stay out of the new legal fight . Same-sex marriage opponents had argued the lower courts and state leaders acted too quickly , without allowing the legal appeals process to fully play out . Process begins to allow federal benefits for same-sex spouses It all started last week when in a blockbuster ruling , the Supreme Court dismissed an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds , ruling Wednesday that private parties do not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . After the appeals court two days later effectively permitted same-sex marriage to resume , supporters of Proposition 8 then asked the Supreme Court over the weekend to intervene . Despite Sunday 's order , "  traditional " marriage advocates have the option of asking another individual justice , or the entire court , to halt the 9th Circuit 's order . And while many more same-sex marriages are expected to be performed in coming weeks and months , the legal challenges over the issue are also certain to continue . What angered Prop 8 backers in this fight was the appeals court 's bypassing a traditional waiting period . Typically , 25 days must pass before Supreme Court judgments become final , to give the losing side an opportunity to ask for a rehearing . Such rehearing requests are almost always denied , but a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit decided to act swiftly , without waiting for a certified copy of Wednesday 's ruling to be issued . "  Everyone on all sides of the marriage debate should agree that the legal process must be followed , " said Austin Nimocks , senior counsel for Alliance Defending Freedom , on Sunday . "  The 9th Circuit has failed to abide by its own word that the stay would remain in place until final disposition by the Supreme Court . When courts act contrary to their own statements , the public 's confidence in the justice system is undermined . " The Supreme Court 's 5-4 opinion last week avoided , for now , a sweeping conclusion on whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional "  equal protection " right that would apply to all states . But it had the effect of clearing the way for the nation 's largest state to move ahead . Thirteen states have now approved of same-sex marriage . Delaware 's law takes effect Monday . Historic rulings on same-sex marriage At issue in California was whether the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the law prevents states from defining marriage to exclude same-sex couples , and whether a state can revoke same-sex marriage through referendum , as California did , once it already has been recognized . But a majority of the Supreme Court opted not to rule on those issues . Instead , it ruled on "  standing " -- whether those who brought the suit to the court were entitled to do so . "  We have never before upheld the standing of a private party to defend a state statute when state officials have chosen not to , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . He was supported by an unusual coalition : fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and more liberal Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan . Within hours of the ruling , California 's Gov. Jerry Brown said , "  I have directed the California Department of Public Health to advise the state 's counties that they must begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in California as soon as the Ninth Circuit confirms the stay is lifted . " Brown , a Democrat , said he interpreted the high court opinion as making Prop 8 unconstitutional and unenforceable . The state 's Attorney General Kamala Harris agreed and urged the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco to issue its mandate "  immediately . " That court did so two days later . There remains some legal uncertainty whether the high court 's ruling could be enforced statewide , or limited to only a few jurisdictions . Some county clerks may decide they will not certify same-sex marriages in their jurisdictions . The Prop 8 case was Act Two in a closely watched pair of high court appeals over state and federal laws and the limits of recognizing the ability of gay and lesbian couples to wed. . The outcome of the rulings gives same-sex couples much to be encouraged about . Opinion : Fight for gay rights must continue California voters approved Proposition 8 in 2008 with 52 % of the vote , shortly after the state Supreme Court ruled same-sex marriages are legal . The measure put gay and lesbian marriages on hold in the state , but a federal appeals court later ruled Proposition 8 was unconstitutional . Two of the original plaintiffs -- Paul Katami and Jeff Zarrillo , a Burbank , California , couple who wanted to marry but could not because of Proposition 8 -- contended the state was discriminating against them because of their sexual orientation . "  This is about our freedom and our liberty , " Katami told CNN . "  We are not trying to topple marriage . We are not trying to redefine marriage . What we are trying to say is that equality is the backbone of our country . " Both they and Kristin Perry and Sandy Stier , the other plaintiff couple from Berkeley , were in the courtroom when the rulings came out . They were cheered when they emerged from the court building . And the two same-sex couples were among the first Californians to get married on Friday afternoon . Ironically , Justice Kennedy wrote the court 's dissent in the Prop 8 petition . "  What the court fails to grasp or accept is the basic premise of the initiative process . And it is this . The essence of democracy is that the right to make law rests in the people and flows to the government , not the other way around . Freedom resides first in the people without need of a grant from government , " he wrote . "  The California initiative process embodies these principles and has done so for over a century . ... In California and the 26 other states that permit initiatives and popular referendums , the people have exercised their own inherent sovereign right to govern themselves . The court today frustrates that choice . " ` What about us ? ' ask couples who still ca n't marry Kennedy was joined by Justices Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor . The case is Hollingsworth v. Perry  13A18  .	Court turns aside emergency request from supporters of California 's Prop 8 Justice Kennedy , acting on his own , rules same-sex marriages can continue Prop 8 backers say the appeals court ignored traditional 25-day waiting period Supreme Court ruling last week threw out on jurisdictional grounds a suit defending Prop 8
CNN  -- An explosion at a North Carolina chemical plant Saturday ignited a fire and forced the evacuation of some 750 people , an official said . The local fire department received a call about an explosion at Chemical Coatings Inc. around 3 p.m. ET , said Denise Michaud , Caldwell County health director . The blast ignited a fire , which was under control , but still burning Saturday at 6 p.m. ET , she said . Aerial video of the scene showed huge plumes of white smoke rising as firefighters blasted the blaze with water . No injures were reported . Residents living within one mile of the plant , which makes aerosols and other coating products , were told to evacuate , Michaud said . It was not immediately known what caused the explosion .	About 750 people were forced out of their homes No injuries were reported The explosion at Chemical Coatings Inc. ignited a fire The blaze was under control , but still burning Saturday evening
CNN  -- Brazil 's economic powerhouse was once thought of as the ugly sister to Rio de Janiero 's beach-fronted glamour . So Paulo , the world 's fifth largest city , is the fashion capital of Brazil . But , over the past few years , So Paulo ' fashion , music and design scenes have gained such momentum that it 's tipped by some as cooler destination than more touristy Rio . True , So Paulo does n't have a beach , nor does it go out of its way to cater to foreign visitors , but hidden in the sprawl is a trove of hip hotels and restaurants , modernist architecture and some of the best shopping south of the Equator . It would take a lot longer than a day to discover everything So Paulo has to offer , but our guide should help visitors short on time to navigate the city 's immense grid of skyscrapers and traffic jams to find an entirely different Brazilian experience . Watch the sun come up over the world 's fifth largest urban area like many of its mega-wealthy inhabitants -- with a helicopter ride over the city . Tourist rides normally leave from Campo de Marte Airport and take in aerial views of city landmarks like Ibirapuera Park and Avenida Paulista . You may have worked up an appetite by now so head back into town for breakfast on Rua Oscar Freire , So Paulo 's answer to Rodeo Drive . Eat delicious cheese bread known as po de queijo , fruit , yoghurt and granola and wash it down with a freshly squeezed juice or coffee at Oscar Cafe . The prosperous , tree-lined avenues of the surrounding area , known as Jardins , are perfect for a bit of shopping . Look out for Clube Chocolate where you can buy upscale designerwear in divine surroundings  Rua Oscar Freire 913  and Endossa , a collaborative shop filled with cubes of shelving where entrepreneurs can rent a cubby-hole to sell their wares . It 's possible to walk to Avenida Paulista , So Paulo 's financial district from here , and there you can mill past some of the most expensive real estate in South America with the Paulistano business folk on your way to take in some culture at MASP , also known as So Paulo Museum of Art . Once you 've had your fill of high culture , take in some of So Paulo 's famous street art on Beco de Batman , which translates as "  Batman Alley . " Every inch of this street in the super hip Vila Madalena area is covered in graffiti , much of it by well-known local artists . Recharge your batteries with a beer and snack on empadas , delicious miniature pies with a variety of fillings like palm hearts , Portuguese salted fish and cheese at Empanadas  Rua Wisard 489 , Vila Madalena  . Otherwise , why not hop in a cab and head over to Liberdade and check out the home of the biggest Japanese community anywhere in the world outside Japan . Check out the Buddhist temple  Rua So Joaquim  , the karaoke bars and sushi restaurants -- one of the best of which is Tak  Rua da Glria 746 , Liberdade  . With a shimmering green-copper facade , the Unique Hotel is just one example of So Paulo 's stunning modern architecture . The highlight of this area , if you happen to be lucky enough to be there at the right time , is the anything goes weekend market Feira da Liberdade  Praa da Liberdade  and if you 're even luckier you might catch one of the sumo competitions held there from time to time . After all these hours in the concrete jungle you may be longing for a bit of green , which you can find in ample supply in the enormous Ibirapuera Park . As you wander the tree-lined walkways , dodging throngs of body-conscious Paulistanos exercising along the way , you will encounter one masterpiece of modernist architecture after another -- mostly designed by the father of Brazilian modernism Oscar Niemeyer . Look out for the beautiful sci-fi dome , Oca and the Grande Marquise an extraordinary white pavilion which houses MAM  Museu de Arte Moderna  and features expanses of covered concrete which attract many of the city 's skateboarders . No visit to So Paulo , or indeed any part of Brazil , is complete without a trying a caipirinha -- a winning combination of the local firewater , cachaca , smashed limes , sugar and ice . If spirits are a bit much for you , try a divine -- and very Paulistano -- twist on the original with squished kiwi fruit and sake . You could combine a few cocktails with catching the final rays of the day on the rooftop of of another of So Paulo 's modernist masterpieces , Edifcio Itlia  Terraza Italia Restaurant , Avenida Ipiranga 344  . Here you can enjoy a breathtaking panorama , with another Niemeyer masterpiece -- the wavy-facaded Edifcio Copan -- in full view . It 's got to be dinner time by now . In So Paulo your options are almost unlimited . With huge populations of Japanese , Italians and , even Lebanese , the problem is not where to eat but how to choose . A highlight of the Sao Paulo 's dining scene has to be Restaurante Figueira Rubaiyat where you can eat awesome steaks and very good seafood in a dining room that has been built around an enormous fig tree . If you 're still raring to go after that little lot , So Paulo 's nightlife options are almost endless . You can shake your moneymaker with the best of them at one of the city 's clubland stalwarts Love Story , or if you are looking for something a little more low key then why not round off the day on the rooftop terrace of the Skye Bar at Hotel Unique . The hotel 's space-age green copper facade is indeed unique , and it is also a good bet for a bed for the night in really special surroundings .	So Paulo 's art , fashion and music scene means it 's no longer second to Rio Among the grid of skyscrapers is iconic modernist architecture by Oscar Niemeyer Uniquely Brazilian , the city also has a twist of other cultures Do what the Paulistanos do and sample street side delicacies and top cocktails
CNN  -- Adly Mansour , Egypt 's interim president , is reviewing a proposed protest law approved by the Cabinet that has drawn the ire of human rights groups and political factions . State media reported Wednesday the measure would have tight restrictions : -- It requires an appeal to be handed to the Interior Ministry before any demonstration . -- It gives senior police officials the right to cancel , delay or move a protest . -- It allows for the creation of "  protest-free " areas around public institutions . Rights groups have reacted strongly to the proposed measure . "  Resorting to the security and police solutions will lead to more failure and worsen the political conflict in Egypt , " Gamal Eid , executive director of the Arabic Network for Human Rights , said in a statement . The April 6th movement , an influential political force deeply involved in Egypt 's 2011 revolution , equated the draft law with Hosni Mubarak-era repressions , calling it "  one of the worst repressive laws constraining freedoms in Third World countries and military dictatorships . " Mubarak was removed from power in 2011 during the early days of the Arab Spring movement that swept across North African and Middle East . Tamarod , the grass-roots political faction responsible for organizing the petition campaign that led to the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy in July by the Egyptian military , reacted to the draft law on Facebook : "  Any law that limits the right of peaceful demonstration which Egyptians won in the January 25th and June 30th revolutions is an unjust law . Dealing with non-peaceful protest must be done without a law that is used to restrict or narrow peaceful protests . " The Nour Party , the second largest Islamist party in Egypt , also criticized the draft law and urged the interim president to engage in a debate before approval . "  The protest law is dangerous and sensitive and should be preceded by a community dialogue or at least dialogue with political forces . One of the most important gains of the revolution is that the Egyptian people recovered their right to peaceful assembly and freedom of expression , " the party said in a statement . Morsy gets trial date as Egypt turmoil continues	The proposed law would restrict groups ' abilities to conduct protests in Egypt Adly Mansour , Egypt 's interim president , will review the measure , state media report Human rights groups and political parties have decried the Cabinet-approved measure Nour Party : "  The  proposed  protest law is dangerous and sensitive "
CNN  -- Seventeen-year-olds in the Netherlands ca n't hold a driving license , let alone hurtle around a track at 200 miles per hour . But that has n't stopped Dutch teenager Max Verstappen climbing behind the wheel of a Formula One car to make history Friday during practice for this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix and become the youngest driver to participate in the sport . Not bad considering the legal driving age in his native Netherlands is 18 . At that age , most are preoccupied by schoolwork and teenage angst . But there 's no stopping Verstappen . Next season , Verstappen will be a full-time racer for Toro Rosso , which has historically been a stepping stone towards a drive with the hugely successful Red Bull Racing team . "  Today for me it was all about getting experience in the car , especially on a difficult track like Suzuka , " Verstappen told the sport 's official website . "  I was impressed with the engine power . " The son of former F1 driver Jos Verstappen , Max completed 22 laps of the Suzuka Circuit before engine failure brought his big day to a premature end . His fastest lap of one minute and 38.157 seconds was only 0.443 seconds slower than his more experienced teammate Daniel Kvyat . World championship leader Lewis Hamilton recorded a time of one minute and 35.078 seconds in his Mercedes . "  The car is bigger compared to the one I 'm used to in Formula 3 and there are a lot more things to think about while you 're driving , so I had to use some laps to get confident with such a different car , " added Verstappen . "  I was not taking any risks and I drove within my limits for all the session , doing as much mileage as possible . "  I have to thank Red Bull and Scuderia Toro Rosso for giving me the possibility to be in the car already this year on Fridays and get well prepared for next year . "  I find myself very comfortable in this team and I like my working group . I hope to drive also in Austin , Sao Paolo and Abu Dhabi . "  Now that I know what it means to drive a Formula One car , I 'm looking forward to it even more . " Interactive : Take a tour of the Suzuka Circuit	Max Verstappen becomes youngest driver to participate in F1 The 17-year-old drove for Toro Rosso in practice ahead of the Japanese GP The legal driving age in his native Netherlands is 18 Verstappen is the son of former F1 driver Jos Verstappen
CNN  -- Two F-16 fighter jets briefly took to the sky over Washington on Monday after a small passenger aircraft violated the capital 's airspace restrictions , according to military officials . A portion of the White House grounds was briefly evacuated during the incident . The passenger plane -- a Cessna 182 -- was intercepted by the F-16s at 2:19 p.m. EST , a statement from the North American Aerospace Defense Command noted . The plane was escorted to an airport in nearby Manassas , Virginia , where it landed at 2:32 p.m. EST. . The Cessna pilot was a student pilot who initially took off from Warrenton , Virginia , the Federal Aviation Administration confirmed . The Secret Service will interview the pilot , a spokesman for the agency told CNN .	Two F-16s were scrambled as a Cessna 182 briefly violated Washington 's airspace The plane was escorted to a Manassas , Virginia , airport
CNN  -- A Nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights and wrote several articles criticizing the dowry system was hacked to death in her room , a media rights group said Monday . A Nepalese journalist takes part in a protest last month demanding more freedom for the press . The killing of Uma Singh , 26 , is part of a growing and troubling pattern of violence directed at reporters in the South Asian country , the Federation of Nepalese Journalists said . In protest , journalists throughout Nepal are expected to stage demonstrations Tuesday , calling on the government to ensure their safety . "  If the government is not ready to provide any kind of security to journalists , it will be very difficult to do journalism in a free mode , " said Dharmendra Jha , president of the federation . Singh wrote for a daily newspaper and reported for a radio station in Janakpur , about 240 km  150 miles  southeast of the capital city of Katmandu . When she got home from work Sunday night , a group of about 15 men barged into the room she rented at a house and hacked her with sharp objects in full view of other boarders , Jha said . "  I am very very shocked , " said Jha , who arrived in Janakpur Monday to probe the killing . "  She was my student and I brought her into active journalism . " Authorities do not have a motive for the killing . In some of her articles , Singh spoke out against the dowry system , where a bride 's family is forced to give cash and property to the groom 's family before the wedding . Also Sunday , a group of men ransacked the house of another journalist , leaving a cross on her door and telling her it was her turn next , media groups said . Police do not know if the two incidents are related . In recent months , the number of attacks on journalists in Nepal has shot up . The federation released a year-end report , recording 284 incidents -- including three deaths and a kidnapping . The incidents also include shutting down media outlets , burning copies of magazines and beatings . Some of the assailants have ties to the Communist Party of Nepal , the largest party in Nepal 's coalition government , according to New York-based Human Rights Watch . The party is led by Pushpa Kamal Dahal , or Prachanda -- a man who led a decade-long bloody insurgency before being sworn in as prime minister . During the decade-long civil war , Maoist forces under him carried out numerous attacks on journalists they believed were opposed to their cause , Human Rights Watch said . And after he became prime minister , Prachanda issued a public warning to journalists while addressing a massive crowd in Katmandu : "  Now we will no longer tolerate criticism as we have already been elected by the people . " "  The problem we 're facing is the problem of impunity , " Jha said . "  There are many armed groups in plain sight . The government has to hold them accountable . Otherwise , we are not safe . "	Nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights is hacked to death Killing of Uma Singh is part of pattern of violence directed at reporters in Nepal Journalists throughout Nepal expected to stage demonstrations Tuesday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If your organization has the right stuff , it could display one of the U.S. shuttles that NASA plans to retire from service in 2010 . Space Shuttle Endeavour comes in for a landing at Edwards Air Force Base in California last month . The space agency sent a notice this week to museums , schools and similar institutions to gauge their interest and qualifications for properly housing Discovery , Atlantis or Endeavour . The shuttles are to be retired by September 30 , 2010 , but they wo n't be available until about a year later , NASA spokesman Michael Curie said Thursday . "  These are national assets , national treasures and something that NASA feels the public would want to see displayed publicly for years to come , " Curie said . Space shuttle Discovery already has been offered to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington . "  We have the information , and of course , we 're thrilled to be considered for this artifact , " said Claire Brown , director of communications for the museum . But no action has been taken at this point , and the institution does n't have a plan for incurring the cost , she added . The privilege of showing off a shuttle wo n't be cheap -- about $ 42 million . This figure will include $ 28.2 million for the removal of hazardous chemicals -- such as ammonia , used as a coolant , and nitrogen tetroxide and hydrazine , used as fuel ; $ 5.8 million for moving the shuttle via a carrier aircraft to its new location ; and $ 8 million for preparing the shuttle for display , Curie said . A carrier aircraft will be the only way to deliver a shuttle to a landlocked location , and such aircraft will no longer be in NASA 's budget once the shuttle program ends . After chemicals are drained from the shuttle , its estimated weight will be about 170,000 pounds , Curie said . Whatever facility receives a shuttle must have experience in displaying space hardware and major historical artifacts , NASA said . The shuttles will be released without their engines , which , along with other components , will be offered separately . The deadline for responding to NASA is March 17 . NASA emphasizes that it will pay special attention to ensuring that the shuttles will retire to "  appropriate places . " The agency wants them to remain in the United States , and private collectors likely would not meet NASA 's goal to have the orbiters and engines displayed publicly , Curie said . "  We really feel that these are artifacts that are important to the history of the country and that as many people as possible should have the opportunity to see them if they can , " Curie said . Asked whether NASA had considered trying to sell the shuttles on eBay , he laughed : "  No , that probably would n't be the prudent thing to do with something paid for by taxpayers ' money . " In January 2004 , President Bush called for an eventual shift in focus from the space shuttle program to the new Vision for Space Exploration program , which NASA describes as "  a sustained and affordable human and robotic program to explore the solar system . " Bush has said he wants astronauts to return to the moon by 2020 . However , President-elect Barack Obama has a team reviewing options for the direction of space exploration . CNN 's A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	NASA gauges interest of museums and schools for properly housing shuttles Discovery , Atlantis and Endeavour will be retired by 2010 Discovery has been offered to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum The privilege of showing off a shuttle wo n't be cheap -- about $ 42 million
Albuquerque , New Mexico  CNN  Two Albuquerque , New Mexico , police officers will face first-degree murder charges in last year 's shooting of a homeless man in the hills above the city , a prosecutor announced Monday . Keith Sandy and Dominique Perez were ordered to appear at a preliminary hearing , the date of which has not yet been set , said District Attorney Kari Brandenburg of New Mexico 's Second Judicial Circuit . Sandy and Perez are accused of killing James Boyd in March . The 38-year-old homeless man spent the night before his shooting in a shelter , but when the shelter closed for the winter , Boyd tried to camp in the hills above the city , officials said . Overnight camping in the hills is illegal . Helmet and body cameras worn by dozens of city police who converged on the campsite showed Boyd with two small camping knives in his hands . Over several hours , Boyd talked with officers , at one point claiming to be "  the Department of Defense . " The cameras captured officers converging on a small nest of rocks on the hillside . At one point , Boyd turned his back to the officers and they began firing . Officers fired a shotgun and nonlethal beanbag pellets at Boyd , while other officers were caught on camera throwing flash-bang grenades . The video also shows one officer unleashing his K-9 German shepherd against Boyd . The helmet cameras show Boyd wheezing for breath after the attack . He died later at a local hospital . Do police videos tell the whole truth ? Sandy retired from the department in December of 2014 , an Albuquerque police spokesman said . It 's unclear if Perez is still on the force . Local activists have demonstrated for months , protesting not only the Boyd shooting , but other shootings by city police officers since 2010 . Records show that 26 civilians have been shot , a dozen of them fatally , by city police since 2010 . Before Monday , no officer had been charged in connection with any shootings . The Justice Department in April 2014 found that "  there is reason to believe " the city 's Police Department had a "  pattern and practice " of excessive force . The city has since agreed to a memorandum of understanding allowing the Department of Justice to monitor the department .	Keith Sandy and Dominique Perez have been charged in James Boyd 's 2014 death In 2014 , video captured police shooting the homeless man in hills above Albuquerque The shooting is cited in a Justice Department report saying the Albuquerque Police Department had a pattern of excessive force
Barcelona , CNN  CNN  -- There were no major announcements and no breathtaking new gadgets , but this year 's Mobile World Congress did offer up more than its fair share of unexpected uses for digital technology . Here are a few of the stranger sights that were creating a buzz around this year 's event in Barcelona . GPS-enabled walking stick Clearly aimed at the elderly , or anyone with walking difficulties , this prototype from Japan 's Fujitsu is a stick fitted with GPS navigation features , health monitoring sensors and Bluetooth and wireless connectivity . The stick , known as Generation , allows relatives , carers or perhaps medics to track the user 's real time movements while also recording heart rate . The stick also has the potential to summon emergency services . While the stick is some way off launch , Fujitsu has clearly been putting a great deal of thought about how its technology can benefit senior citizens -- a shrewd move given Japan 's aging population . It has also created a phone specifically aimed at the elderly , featuring a large keypad and sound enhancement . YotaPhone Paddy Smith from Stuff drew our attention to this quirky two-faced device . Here 's what he had to say : A smartphone running Google 's Android operating system and a 4.3-inch touchscreen on the front ? You might be thinking there 's no shortage of those around , and you 'd be right , but the YotaPhone offers something none of the others can : a second screen , on the back of the phone . Tell us : What 's your dream smartphone feature ? This screen uses the monochrome e-ink technology seen in Amazon 's Kindle and other e-readers , and uses very little battery power . The screen can be customized to show whatever image you please , but more interesting are the apps that allow it to display Twitter , Facebook and RSS feeds , or a clock or weather report . Sensirion micro temperature sensor This tiny speck of technology will give mobiles the ability to measure temperature and humidity , opening the door to a whole new realm of applications . Sensiron says its device will give your mobile the ability to "  feel , " offering all kinds of biofeedback possibilities . At the very least it should enable it to accurately read the weather conditions around you . It could also prove an invaluable healthcare or sports monitoring tool . Next , presumably , we will get phones that can smell and taste . Glove-friendly touch screens Forget its claims to being the world 's fastest phone . Ignore the brilliant touch screen and the powerful 13 megapixel camera . Disregard its slender 8.4 mm side profile . What sets Chinese manufacturer Huawei 's flagship Ascend P2 smartphone apart is the fact that it can be operated by users wearing gloves . Read more : Gadget show goes soft on hardware Mitten-ready mobiles are n't new -- Nokia 's Lumia 920 also responds to fingers cloaked in fabric -- but for anyone who regularly checks their phone in freezing conditions , any fresh addition is a great leap forward . Robotic balls A popular attraction in one corner of MWC were robotic Sphero balls that can be controlled using a Bluetooth-equipped smartphone . Sphero 's manufacturer , US-based Orbotix , was in Barcelona to launch a new range of augmented reality games , including one in which the robotic ball becomes , in Orbotox 's own words , "  a cupcake-munching beaver . " Running , jumping and standing still Taiwan 's HTC , having nothing new to promote beyond last year 's showstopping One X , instead decided to offer up a troupe of Parkour athletes who wowed congress-goers with their acrobatics . Why ? We have no idea . Barry Neild contributed to this story from London , England .	GPS-enabled walking stick among the usual uses for mobile technology on display at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Other gadgets included the YotaPhone , a device featuring both a color touch screen and a screen using low-power monochome e-ink Mitten-ready mobiles , robotic balls and temperature-sensing microchips were also on display
Kiev  CNN  -- Nearly six months since popular protests toppled pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych , fighting between Ukraine 's military and pro-Russia rebels continues in eastern Ukraine . Russia insists that it should be permitted to send aid to the conflict-battered region , many of whose residents are Russian speakers . It has sent a convoy of trucks it says are carrying relief goods to the border . But the Kiev government has expressed fears that the mission is a camouflaged effort to smuggle supplies to pro-Russia rebels . Both countries have asked the International Committee of the Red Cross for help facilitating any delivery of aid . " From Kiev , CNN 's Will Ripley explains what 's happening on the ground . What do the rebels still control ? The rebels still control the cities of Donetsk and Luhansk , as well as some border checkpoints in the east . However , the Ukrainian military appears to have been quickly retaking the territory around the two cities . It claims that the militants control just 20 % of the area they controlled at the height of their power in eastern Ukraine . Is the Ukraine military still advancing ? Yes , and it appears in recent days the Ukrainian military has been making headway against the rebel forces . Maps provided by the Ukrainian government indicate the size of the rebel territory is shrinking every day . The strategy of the Ukrainian military has been to break up and isolate the territories , cutting off key roadways and corridors to disrupt what it says is a flow of weapons and fighters from Russia . Russia denies claims by Kiev and the West that it is providing support to the rebels . Why is Russia sending convoys -- both aid and military -- now ? Publicly , Russian officials claim their humanitarian convoy only contains aid to help the people who are suffering in eastern Ukraine . But there are reports that some of the trucks now being inspected are nearly empty . Meantime , Western journalists and the Ukrainian government report an armed Russian convoy was seen crossing the border from Russia Thursday night , something Ukraine has been alleging for months . Such reports feed into the skepticism of the Ukrainian government about this supposed humanitarian aid . What 's the perceived threat ? Is this an invasion or just a show of force ? It 's not an invasion , and not really a show of force either because these armed convoys have allegedly been crossing under the cover of night . As for Russia 's humanitarian convoy , it appears to be a move allowing Russia to publicly show its sympathy for those are currently suffering because of the fighting in eastern Ukraine . But allegations of covert weapons smuggling that would allow the bloodshed to continue , raise questions about Russia 's true intentions . In an interview Monday with Reuters , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen spoke of a "  high probability " that Russia will invade Ukraine . "  We see the Russians developing the narrative and the pretext for such an operation under the guise of a humanitarian operation , and we see a military buildup that could be used to conduct such illegal military operations in Ukraine , " he said . What has been the reaction in Kiev ? Kiev lawmakers and military officials are not surprised . They say this is nothing new , it 's just the first time that Western journalists have observed an armed convoy crossing from Russia into Ukraine . They 're also grateful that foreign journalists have been able to observe and report on this armed convoy because they feel it corroborates their ongoing claims and justifies their skepticism and mistrust of the true intentions of this Russian aid convoy from Moscow . What 's the bigger picture : Is this all about Putin warning the West not to expand into Ukraine , and other former Soviet satellite states ? Ukrainian lawmakers believe that Putin wants to control Ukraine in an attempt to reestablish a new version of the former Soviet Union . Ukraine would be an important part of that plan . At the same time , if Ukraine were to align more closely with Europe and see its economy revived , it would not bode well for Russian citizens , who are watching closely what is unfolding in Ukraine . For example , the former the Soviet state of Poland saw tremendous economic benefits after its alignment with Europe , while under pro-Russian Yanukovych , Ukraine 's economy plummeted and government corruption ran rampant . Russia wants to exert its power and influence , and if Ukraine successfully integrates into the European Union -- and benefits from that partnership -- it would be a huge setback for Russia politically and strategically .	Nearly six months after Ukraine 's pro-Russia president fell , clashes continue in the east The Ukraine military is fighting pro-Russia rebels , and accuses Moscow of supporting them Russia has sent a convoy of trucks it says are carrying aid to the border with Ukraine But Kiev has expressed fears the trucks are an effort to smuggle supplies to the rebels
CNN  -- The leading champion of democracy in Myanmar , Aung San Suu Kyi , emerged from house arrest Wednesday to meet with political supporters , a diplomatic source told CNN . Activists display a portrait of detained democracy leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , in Myanmar . Military leaders in Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , let Suu Kyi leave her house to meet with senior leaders of the National League for Democracy , the source said . The meeting comes after the U.S. State Department criticized Myanmar for arresting 10 democracy activists . "  The United States condemns the regime 's decision to press criminal charges against ten Burmese pro-democracy activists ... for the peaceful expression of their political beliefs , " the department said in a statement Tuesday . The department noted that the 10 were charged with crimes that can carry lengthy sentences . "  If the regime were serious about engaging in a peaceful transition to democracy , it would stop arresting and prosecuting Burma 's democratic leaders , and instead engage them in a genuine dialogue . " The military government in Myanmar held Suu Kyi under house arrest from 1989 to 1995 and again from 2000 to 2002 . It restricted her travel afterward and put her back under house arrest in 2003 . She won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . The regime in Myanmar used force to suppress a pro-democracy movement a few months ago . The government admitted that its crackdown killed at least 10 people , but human rights groups said they suspect the number is much higher . The government also acknowledged arresting several hundred people after democracy protests led by Buddhist monks . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report	Aung San Suu Kyi emerged from house arrest to meet with political supporters Junta allowed her to meet senior leaders of the National League for Democracy Meeting comes after the U.S. criticized Myanmar for arresting 10 democracy activists
CNN  -- Forensic tests on a woman found hanging from a tree in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh have so far failed to find evidence of rape , a local police chief said . More tests are being done , amid claims from the woman 's family that she was gang-raped and murdered by five men , including her brother-in-law . The alleged attack comes just weeks after the bodies of two cousins , aged 14 and 15 , were founding hanging from a mango tree in the Budaun district of the same state . Of the five suspects arrested , police say three have confessed to the rape , but not murder . Woman found in tree In the latest case , the 42-year-old woman was found hanging from a tree in the Bahraich district . Her family told police she went missing around 7 p.m. on Tuesday night , and her body was found Wednesday morning , Bahraich district police chief , Happy Guptan , said . "  We are not commenting how it all happened until our investigation is complete , " Guptan told CNN . Calls for strong political action to change attitudes and stop rape in India have grown louder since December 2012 , when a student was gang-raped and murdered by attackers on a moving bus . The 23-year-old 's horrific injuries made headlines and started a national debate about how many rapes were happening and why . Call to stop ` politicizing rape ' In his first address to parliament as Indian Prime Minister , Narendra Modi addressed the issue on Wednesday , warning lawmakers against "  politicizing rape . " "  I appeal to our political leaders that we should not carry out psychological analysis of rape ... Is it correct to make a statement always ? Why ca n't we just keep quiet . Respect and security for women should be the topmost priority of the entire people , " he said . His comments came after observers seized on statements made by Babulal Gaur , the home minister of Madhya Pradesh , that rape was a "  social crime " -- "  sometimes it 's right , sometimes it 's wrong . " Other politicians were also accused of trivializing the crime with comments including an observation that rapes "  happen accidentally , " while another suggested "  boys make mistakes . " In a veiled reference to those comments last week , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said : "  We say no to the dismissive , destructive attitude of ` boys will be boys ' . Together , we can empower more people to understand that violence against women degrades us all . " Ban made the comments while launching a video campaign on ending sexual violence through gender equality . READ MORE : Grief , fear , blame in Indian village READ MORE : Relatives call for attackers to be hanged CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	42-year-old woman found hanging from tree in India 's Uttar Pradesh Tests for rape inconclusive , though more being done , local police chief said Follows the rape and murder of two cousins in same state India 's new prime minister called on ministers to stop "  politicizing " rape
When it comes to purchasing products on the Internet that claim to treat or cure Ebola , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has one word for consumers : Beware ! This week the FDA sent warning letters to three companies the government agency says are selling products over the Internet that claim to treat , prevent or even cure the deadly disease . The letters were issued after an alert warning consumers about fraudulent Ebola products being hawked online went out last month . "  We have a program at FDA that monitors the Internet to look for health fraud products , products not approved by FDA that claim to cure or treat disease , " said Howard Sklamberg , the FDA 's deputy commissioner for global regulatory operations and policy . "  We noticed that when there is a public health issue that really comes to the fore  front  -- for example H1N1 a few years ago , and now Ebola -- there tends to be an increase in health fraud products , which are products that claim to prevent , treat or cure disease and the product has not been approved by FDA . " The agency says they 've had consumer complaints about the number of products making these claims , and that the websites of Natural Solutions Foundation of Newton , New Jersey ; Young Living in Lehi , Utah and doTERRA International , LLC , based in Pleasant Grove , Utah , all offer products that are in direct violation of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act because they 're being promoted as drugs that can fight the infection . In early August , FDA says a doTERRA consultant posted these tweets about Ebola prevention : "  Treating the symptoms of Ebola Virus with DoTERRA Essential Oils , " and "  Many Essential Oils are highly Anti-viral . I list here a few of them those  sic  oils that could help prevent your contracting the Ebola virus . " According to the agency , Young Living essential oils products were being sold on various websites with claims including , "  Viruses  including Ebola  are no match for Young Living Essential Oils , " and "  Ebola Virus can not live in the presence of cinnamon bark  this is in Thieves  nor Oregano . " "  Thieves " is one of the oils Young Living sells . The company 's website says "  It is highly effective in supporting the immune system and good health . " The listed ingredients are clove , lemon , cinnamon eucalyptus and rosemary . Travis Ogden , chief operating officer of Young Living issued this statement to CNN : "  Young Living is cooperating fully with the FDA regarding its inquiry . Young Living Members are provided specific instructions on how to promote our products to their customers . In the coming days we will be contacting all our membership to ensure that they understand how to best use our products and remain compliant with regulatory directives . We have already contacted each of the Members cited in the FDA letter to help get them into compliance . " Natural Solutions Foundation , which claims its product Nano Silver kills every pathogen it 's been tested against without exception , had plenty to say in defense of the posted claims , including that "  NANO SILVER , AT 10 PPM  parts per million  effectively kills the Ebola virus . " Ralph Fucetola , a retired lawyer and trustee at Natural Solutions Foundation , says the company was advocating the nutritional benefits of Nano Silver years before the Ebola outbreak . "  We feel obligated to speak the truth , especially during a world health emergency that is happening in West Africa . So we welcomed WHO 's declaration that even ` unproven interventions ' can be used in this crisis and that is what we have tried to do , " Fucetola said . "  Insofar as the word ` cure ' is used , it was not intended to be the equivalent of an FDA-approved treatment but rather in the common usage of the word as something which would help a person get over the disease . " Fucetola cites a 2009 study on Nano Silver sponsored by the Department of Defense 's Defense Threat Reduction Agency as support for the product . He says a presentation created from that study  PDF  showed "  the nutrient at 10 ppm  parts per million  regulated Ebola virus replication which may prevent the disease from killing it 's victims . " Those familiar with the government research say the Defense Threat Reduction Agency  DTRA  funds a tremendous number of early stage science and technology projects that are tasked with countering nuclear , chemical or biological threats . Nano Silver was studied , but scientists determined there were other things that were a better investment . If the early research had proven promising , they say the research would have picked up by other agencies . "  The DTRA funded a research project between fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2009 into a product called Nano Silver , " a spokesperson , who did not want to be identified , said . "  The researchers produced slides at the end of that early science research . The data in that presentation was not peer reviewed . " The FDA is firm : "  At this point there are no drugs or vaccines that have been shown to be safe and effective to treat or prevent Ebola disease , " Dr. Luciana Borio , the FDA 's Assistant Commissioner for Counterterrorism Policy and Acting Deputy Chief Scientist , says . "  FDA is doing all it can do to help expedite development programs . " Borio says there are currently two vaccines in development . One is already in "  Phase I " clinical trials ; the other is expected to begin trials soon . She also says there are a handful of drugs in early stages of development for Ebola , but that it 's very difficult to say how soon it will be before we have treatments available for patients . It depends in part on the results of these trials . In the meantime , the agency says , Internet "  cures " are not the answer . "  We are continuing to monitor the internet and monitor how these three companies respond , " Sklamberg said . "  They have 15 working days to take corrective action . If they do n't take the corrective action , we can take enforcement action against them ... seizure , injunction , criminal prosecution . " Natural Solutions says they will meet that deadline . "  We will offer to make further disclosures and disclaimers , including more carefully nuanced terminology , " Fucetola said . "  We are not in the business of violating the law but we are in the business of speaking the truth as we know it . " CNN made several efforts to contact representatives of doTERRA over two days and left messages , but there was no response .	FDA sends warning letters to three companies selling Ebola products Internet companies claim they can treat , prevent or even cure the deadly disease There is no approved drug or treatment for Ebola
CNN  -- Rugby World Cup hosts New Zealand ran in 13 tries as they recorded a commanding 83-7 victory over Japan in Hamilton on Friday . The Pool A match was all but over by half-time , with the All Blacks registering six unanswered tries to head into the interval at the Waikato Stadium with a 38-0 advantage . With their second triumph of the tournament assured , Graham Henry 's team continued to press in the second period and added a further seven tries to complete a resounding success . Japan , who have participated in every edition of the World Cup and are coached by former New Zealand wing John Kirwan , had little reason to cheer , but did manage to touch down beyond the All Blacks ' line in the second half through Hirotoki Onozawa . The result left New Zealand top of their group , with a maximum 10 points from their two games so far . For Japan , this was their second-straight defeat , after a 47-21 reverse against France , and they sit bottom of Pool A. New Zealand wasted no time in opening the scoring , center Conrad Smith grabbing the game 's first try after just three minutes . The floodgates then opened as wing Richard Kahui , flanker Jerome Kaino and hooker Kevin Mealamu all went over to put the home side 22-0 ahead inside the first half an hour . The Brave Blossoms were struggling to cope with the All Blacks , who are searching for a first world crown since 1987 , and conceded two more tries before half time as both scrumhalf Andy Ellis and flyhalf Colin Slade , who also kicked 18 points in the match , both got in on the act . New Zealand 's pressure was relentless and after the break Kahui ran over for his second try of the match before center Sonny Bill Williams scored his first of the game . Wing Isaia Toeava made the score 59-0 to New Zealand before Japan finally mustered a response through Onozawa 's converted try . Four more tries followed for New Zealand before the final whistle ; hooker Andrew Hore , Ma'a Nonu and flanker Adam Thomas all contributing to the runaway score . Williams ' second try minutes from the end completed the rout for New Zealand , who will head into their September 24 clash with France , the team who eliminated them at the quarterfinal stage of the 2007 tournament , full of confidence . Japan will continue their bid to advance beyond the pool stage of a World Cup for the first time against Tonga on Wednesday .	New Zealand thrash Japan 83-7 at the Rugby World Cup The hosts score 13 tries and have maximum 10 points after two games The All Blacks now face France , who eliminated them at 2007 tournament
CNN  -- Seven years ago , I was shot during the massacre at Virginia Tech and became a gun violence survivor . The events that day changed my life , and I 've devoted much of my professional life to making sure that fewer people 's lives are altered by gun violence the way mine was . Given that this has become my life 's work , people often ask me what we can do to reduce gun violence in America . My answer is always the same : pass a comprehensive background check bill at the federal level . A federal background check bill wo n't end gun violence altogether , but it 's the most meaningful and immediate thing we can do that would save the most lives . Current federal law only requires background checks when guns are purchased from federally licensed dealers . Undoubtedly , these checks have saved lives . In fact , since its inception 16 years ago , the gun background check system has blocked more than 2 million felons and other dangerous people from buying guns . The problem is that the same individuals who are blocked from sales at a dealer can simply purchase guns through unlicensed , private sellers at gun shows or from strangers they meet online with no background check at all . This gap in the law allows millions of guns to exchange hands each year without background checks . That has to change and if national politicians wo n't take action , we 'll have to take this fight to the state level . Increasingly , that 's exactly what the gun violence prevention movement is doing . Voters in Washington state , for instance , passed a ballot measure requiring that all purchasers of guns sold in Washington go through a background check . In order to pass more ballot measures like this , it 's imperative that our movement build a strong base of grassroots supporters that vote with these issues in mind . I 'm proud to say that the organization I work for , Everytown for Gun Safety , is doing just that . Our Gun Sense Voter initiative is aimed at signing up 1 million voters who vow to vote for candidates with gun sense . We also need to make sure that all of the records of those who are already prohibited from owning guns are actually in the system to begin with . Currently , hundreds of thousands of records identifying seriously mentally ill people as prohibited gun purchasers are missing from the federal background check database because of lax reporting by state courts and agencies . One of those missing records was of the Virginia Tech shooter who killed 32 people and injured 15 $ " including myself $ " before committing suicide . A court had found that he posed an imminent threat and had issued an order that prohibited him from buying or possessing guns , but because the state failed to submit this prohibiting record to the federal background check system , he was able to pass a background check and buy the guns he used in the massacre . Gun owners themselves understand that a background check system that works is n't about undermining the rights of lawful gun owners . In fact , recent polling has revealed that more than 70 % of gun owners support background checks . I 've experienced firsthand the horror that can result when a dangerous individual gets access to lethal firepower . I 'm reminded of this every day , when I see the scars across my body . For many of my friends , the experience is much worse . They wake up each morning and can barely recognize their own faces , while others still feel the gaping hole of a loved one who is gone . I 've made it my life 's work to make sure that fewer people have to wake up every day and experience that . Background checks save lives . It 's time we pass a law requiring them on every sale .	The CNN Guns Project explores the role of guns in the United States We need a comprehensive background check bill at the federal level , Goddard says People turned away from gun dealers can buy weapons from private sellers Background checks save lives , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pilot error was to blame in the April 2006 crash of an unmanned aircraft , despite the fact no pilot was on board , the National Transportation Safety Board said in its accident report issued Tuesday -- the NTSB 's first-ever investigation into an incident involving a drone . A drone similar to this one crashed near Nogales , Arizona , on April 25 , 2006 . The agency also issued 22 safety recommendations for unmanned aircraft . It "  is an indication of the scope of the safety issues these unmanned aircraft are bringing into the National Airspace System , " NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said in a statement . The unmanned aerial vehicles have been touted as a possible solution to several issues facing the United States , from drug trafficking to illegal border crossings . But , as the NTSB report shows , integrating them into the nation 's airspace raises questions regarding their safety status -- and whether they should be held to a different standard than manned aircraft . On April 25 , 2006 , a turboprop-powered Predator B , operated on a surveillance mission by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , crashed in a sparsely-populated area near Nogales , Arizona . There were no injuries , but the aircraft , which has a 66-foot wingspan , was "  substantially damaged , " the NTSB said . The probable cause of the accident was the failure of the pilot -- who was operating the aircraft remotely -- to follow checklist procedures when switching operational control from a console that had locked up , the agency said . That resulted in the fuel valve 's being inadvertently shut off and a total loss of engine power to the aircraft . Another cause , the NTSB said , was the lack of a flight instructor in the ground control station . But in a meeting Tuesday , the board highlighted areas of interest including the design and certification of unmanned aircraft ; pilot qualification and training ; and audio records of all UAV operations-related communications , among others . The Federal Aviation Administration does n't require a pilot 's certificate to operate a drone . "  This investigation has raised questions about the different standards for manned and unmanned aircraft and the safety implications of this discrepancy , " Rosenker said in the statement . "  Why , for example , were numerous unresolved lock-ups of the pilot 's control console even possible while such conditions would never be tolerated in the cockpit of a manned aircraft ? " The pilot , the NTSB noted , was not proficient in emergency procedures . "  The pilot is still the pilot , whether he is at a remote console or on the flight deck , " Rosenker said . "  We need to make sure that the system by which pilots are trained and readied for flight is rigorous and thorough . With the potential for thousands of these unmanned aircraft in use years from now , the standards for pilot training need to be set high to ensure that those on the ground and other users of the airspace are not put in jeopardy . " Also , there is no equivalent of a cockpit voice recorder at a pilot console , the board said , and the pilot 's communication with air traffic controllers and others was not recorded . The NTSB has recommended the FAA require all conversations , including telephone conversations , between pilots of unmanned aircraft and others be recorded and retained . Other recommendations , sent to the FAA and Customs and Border Protection , include :  Requiring all unmanned aircraft operations to report incidents of equipment malfunctions that affect safety to the FAA , and require analysis of the data .  Requiring pilots be trained on the expected performance and flight path of an unmanned aircraft any time communication with the aircraft is lost .  Identifying and correcting the causes of the lockups in the pilot 's control console .  Requiring that a backup pilot or another person who can provide an equivalent level of safety as a backup pilot be readily available during the operation of a UAV system . Board members also voted to convene a two - to three-day public forum on the safety of UAV operations and investigative procedures . E-mail to a friend	Agency issues 22 safety recommendations for unmanned aircraft NTSB : The pilot is still the pilot , whether he is at a remote console or on board Agency : Probable cause of 2006 drone crash was pilot error
CNN  -- A series of four strong earthquakes spanning just over an hour struck the Philippines ' Moro Gulf on Saturday morning , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Three of the four earthquakes had magnitudes between 7.3 and 7.6 ; the other came in at a 5.4 magnitude . The first quake struck at 6:08 a.m.  6:08 p.m. ET Friday  and the fourth hit at 7:15 a.m. . The last quake ran the deepest at 616  382 miles  kilometers . The epicenters of the quakes were about 100 kilometers  62 miles  off the coastal city of Cotabato and roughly 950 kilometers  590 miles  southeast of Manila . No tsunami warning was immediately issued for any of the quakes . There were no reports of damage , said Rona Faeldin of the Philippines Coast Guard . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	NEW : Four earthquakes hit waters south of Philippines NEW : Three of the four have magnitudes above 7.0 No tsunami warning was immediately issued
CNN  -- Jon and Kate Gosselin are n't the only ones conferencing with lawyers . TLC , the network that introduced the bickering couple and their eight kids to the nation , has not only put the kibosh on "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " but also filed a breach of contract lawsuit Friday against Jon Gosselin . Kate Gosselin 's life as a single mom was supposed to be the focus of TLC 's new series "  Kate Plus 8 . " It 's doubtful anyone is surprised that TLC is cutting "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " from its programming . After 10 years of marriage , the couple announced their separation and divorce filing on a special one-hour episode of their reality show in June . A show insider told CNN on Thursday there 's enough "  Jon & Kate " footage to last until mid - to late November , but the program will be off the air after then . TLC would like to be able to replace "  Jon & Kate " with the renamed series "  Kate Plus 8 , " but the network will have to get past Jon Gosselin first . The network announced in September that "  given the recent changes in the family dynamics , it only makes sense for us to refresh and recalibrate the program to keep pace with the family , " said TLC President Eileen O'Neill . In other words : less Jon and more Kate . TLC 's "  deeper focus on Kate 's role in the family and her journey as a single mother " apparently did n't go over well with Jon . Days after learning about the network 's new show , the father of eight barred TLC from continuing production on his Wernersville , Pennsylvania , property , citing concern for his children and effectively pulling the plug on his wife 's solo spotlight . "  Kate Plus 8 " was expected to debut November 2 , but according to a complaint TLC filed Friday in Montgomery County , Maryland , Circuit Court , "  Kate Plus 8 " is "  suspended indefinitely . " In its lawsuit , TLC alleges Jon Gosselin has violated his contract with paid and unpaid TV appearances he recently has made . The network claims it has lost more than $ 30,000 as a result of Gosselin 's alleged disregard of his contractual obligations . In a statement provided to CNN , Mark Heller , Jon Gosselin 's attorney , said that neither he nor his client have been served any documents ; Heller said he read the complaint on the Internet . "  Apparently , TLC has elected to initially litigate this case in the court of public opinion ... . because neither Jon nor I have been served with legal pleadings or informed by TLC of the instant litigation , " Heller wrote in the statement , calling TLC 's claims "  weak , feeble and baseless . " "  Discovery and TLC has treated Jon Gosselin like a dog by attempting to keep him on a leash and muzzle him and deny the father of eight the opportunity to earn a livelihood to support his family , " Heller wrote in the statement . TLC 's complaint said both Gosselins agreed to a contract before the fourth season of "  Jon & Kate " in April 2008 in which their per-episode compensation "  substantially increased . " In addition , Jon Gosselin agreed to provide "  his and his family 's services in taping and promoting the program in and around the family home and to provide those services exclusively " to TLC , behave in an "  appropriate " manner and not "  promote or endorse any products or services , " according to the complaint . Jon has also "  entered a lucrative agreement with ` Entertainment Tonight ' and its companion show , ` The Insider ' to discuss his family and the problems he was having with Mrs. Gosselin , " according to TLC 's complaint . TLC also alleges that Jon has "  sold photographic rights to numerous media outlets " and "  has accepted payments to endorse products and services , " such as a pool party hosting gig in August at the MGM Grand Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada . In his statement , attorney Heller said the contract will be "  unenforceable " because the Gosselins entered into the agreement without legal representation . "  In any event , " the statement added , "  when TLC and Discovery ended the program ` Jon & Kate Plus 8 ' they also effectively terminated the purported contract . " Heller said that Jon will "  vigorously defend against the baseless action . " It 's unclear when either of the Gosselins will return to television after "  Jon & Kate " becomes part of reality TV history . Jon , however , appears optimistic . The 32-year-old told "  Entertainment Tonight " this week that "  he 's not worried about future employment " and plans to continue his television career .	TLC lawsuit says new "  Kate Plus 8 " show is "  suspended indefinitely " Source : Enough footage for "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " to last sometime into November Suit alleges Jon Gosselin violated contract with paid and unpaid TV appearances Gosselin 's attorney calls TLC 's claims "  weak , feeble and baseless "
CNN  -- Gunmen in Mexico opened fire on police and civilians Wednesday in two separate incidents , in which at least 13 people died , according to a government statement . One incident was gang related . Federal Police officers aboard a helicopter spotted a suspicious convoy in the state of Michoacan . The occupants fired at them , the National Safety Commission said . The officers returned fire , killing five people , including an organized crime leader . Police seized the gunmen 's vehicles and found five assault rifles with magazines and other combat paraphernalia , the National Safety Commission said . Mexico has a reputation for strict gun ownership laws . Mexico reports more than 26,000 missing In the town of Apatzingan , gunmen opened fire twice on residents who were commemorating the anniversary of the death of a revolutionary figure popular in the region . Federal Police returned fire and "  shot down " one gunman , who was armed with a .50 - caliber rifle , an AK-47 assault rifle and two pistols . It is not clear if the man died from his wounds . Eight died when the same group , marching in a ceremonial parade , came under fire again . In addition , six civilians and two police officers were wounded . Mexico 's Federal Police are made up of multiple divisions , the largest of which is part of the military . Grisly crime surges into spotlight	Federal Police killed five in a suspicious convoy in the state of Michoacan In the town of Apatzingan , a group of residents took fire , and police returned fire Eight died when the same group , marching in a ceremonial parade , came under fire again
The battle in Washington over the budget is not mere partisan squabbling . What we are debating is the perennial argument between right and left : Do we as a society prefer to leave the well-being of our people to the indifference of the market economy , or do we believe that government also has an important role to play ? We are accustomed to thinking of the argument between left and right as an ideological or philosophical debate , so it has no "  correct " answer . But there is an answer : We are entirely capable of knowing what policies best contribute to people leading positive and rewarding lives . In recent decades , social scientists have been studying human happiness in the same way we study any other human attribute . Vast new multidisciplinary research has emerged around the proposition that it is possible to empirically measure the extent to which people view their lives as satisfying . Can it be stopped ? 8 answers on Obamacare and the shutdown So what conditions best promote more rewarding lives ? The answer is simple and unequivocal : Happier people live in countries with a generous social safety net , or , more generally , countries whose governments "  tax and spend " at higher rates , reflecting the greater range of services and protections offered by the state .  These findings come from analysis of data from the World Values Surveys for the 21 Western industrial democracies from 1981 to 2007 for my book "  The Political Economy of Human Happiness . " Similar findings have been reported in peer-reviewed journals like "  Social Research " and the "  Social Indicators Research . " The relationship could not be stronger or clearer : However much it may pain conservatives to hear it , the "  nanny state , " as they disparagingly call it , works . Across the Western world , the quality of human life increases as the size of the state increases . It turns out that having a "  nanny " makes life better for people . This is borne out by the U.N. 2013 "  World Happiness Report , " which found Denmark , Norway , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Sweden the top five happiest nations . Conservatives may be equally troubled to learn that labor unions have a similar effect . Not only are workers who belong to unions happier , but the overall rate of happiness for everyone -- members and nonmembers -- increases dramatically as the percentage of workers who belong to unions grows , reflecting the louder political voice that organization gives to ordinary citizens . All this remains true when controlling for the many other things that might also affect quality of life , such as income , age , gender , marital status , or their country 's culture , history , or level of economic development . Critically , "  big government " and labor unions also promote happiness not merely for those toward the bottom or middle of the income distribution , but for everyone , rich and poor , men and women , conservatives and liberals . The same pattern emerges when looking at our states . People who live in states with higher welfare spending , more organized labor , more liberal state governments , more regulation of business , and a greater recent history of control by the Democratic Party , are all more satisfied with their lives , regardless of income , and again when controlling for other factors that are likely to affect well-being . Zelizer : GOP strategy on shutdown courts doom The reasons the progressive agenda promotes happiness are complex , but stated simply , the more we supplement the cold efficiency of the market with interventions that reduce poverty , insecurity , and inequality , the more we improve quality of life for everyone . As poet and novelist Wendell Berry observed , "  Rats and roaches live by competition under the laws of supply and demand ; it is the privilege of human beings to live under the laws of justice and mercy . " It takes no great insight to see that a world with less insecurity and less poverty , which is to say , a world more governed by justice and mercy , is one that people of all social classes will find more satisfying . Many benefit directly from social programs or the representation of their interests by unions ; others worry less than they otherwise might because they know these institutions exist when needed ; and everyone benefits indirectly by living in a society which is relatively free of social pathologies , such as the higher rates of violent crime , that come with the poverty , inequality and insecurity that liberal policies help ameliorate . The data demonstrate that this is not merely softhearted wishful thinking . Whatever else unions and liberal public policies might do , they help make the world a better place to the extent that we believe human happiness is the appropriate metric to measure such judgments . That in turn suggests the most intellectually compelling strategy available to progressives in the battle for public opinion : Traditional New Deal policies are precisely those that best allow citizens to pursue the happiness that the founders of our republic so famously argued to be the final justification for the American experiment .	Benjamin Radcliff : Well-being should not be decided by the indifferent marketplace Radcliff : Research shows happier people live in places with generous social safety nets In Western nations , he says , the quality of life for all increases with more liberal policies He says this applies to U.S. states : People happier with less insecurity and less poverty
CNN  -- Michele Witte woke up about 1 a.m. on December 12 , 1997 , and went to change her son 's diaper . Then she rocked him and laid her 10-month-old back in his crib . Later that morning , she went into his bedroom to wake him and found his lifeless body . She immediately fell to her knees screaming . Witte 's son , Tyler , had gotten his neck stuck in a gap between the side rail and headboard created when a single screw had become loose . She called 911 , but her baby boy was cold , and she knew in her heart he was already dead . As her 2-year-old daughter came bounding into the bedroom , she grabbed her so she would n't see her brother . Witte , an English teacher in Bellmore , New York , said the coroner ruled the death an accident , but she and her family notified the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission . Thirteen years later , the commission voted Wednesday in favor of new proposed mandatory standards for cribs . The new rules , likely to go into effect next year after a final vote by the federal commission , would render many cribs in the country as not up to code , regardless of whether the crib style and model was ever considered unsafe , and essentially would ban the manufacture and sale of drop-side cribs . In addition to eliminating drop-side cribs , the new rules will mandate better mattress support , sturdier hardware and better quality wood for crib construction . Between November 2007 and April of this year , there were 36 deaths associated with crib structural problems , according to Commission Chairwoman Inez Tenenbaum . Hazards in cribs include faulty hardware , dangerous gaps created from mattress support failures , and poor wood quality with crib slats that can be broken easily . The new standards aim to eliminate gaps where babies could become entrapped and suffocate , and to prevent babies from falling out of the crib . After Tyler 's death , Witte , now 36 , began to believe it was an isolated incident after a series of frustrating conversations and research . But in 2004 , Witte heard about another couple whose baby had died in a drop-side crib just miles from her Bellmore home . She was outraged that the accidents continued to happen and ramped up her advocacy efforts . "  The coroner said it would take 15 seconds for him to asphyxiate , " she said , her voice quivering with the memory of Tyler 's death . "  My bedroom was close . I had the baby monitor on , but it 's the silent killer . If you ca n't breathe , you ca n't scream out . " While Witte said she is happy about the latest developments , she is still worried about parents who have drop-side cribs . Since the accidents first started getting attention years ago , Witte said she 's heard of some parents who let their babies sleep in beds with them , which the American Academy of Pediatrics discourages . Others have used duct tape or lodged their cribs against a wall . "  What does that mean for cribs already out there ? " she said . "  We need to have new safe cribs for people who ca n't afford it . " Witte 's oldest daughter , now 14 , slept in the oak crib with steel hardware that kiled her baby brother . Since then , Witte has had two more children , a girl , now 6 , and a boy , 1 . Both have slept in a new stationary crib with no movable parts . In fact Witte said the current crib will only come apart now with a sledgehammer . "  The problem is of hardware . Whenever you have something you are moving , the hardware is bound to fail , " she said . When Witte puts her son down to sleep tonight , she will face the same stress she has dealt with for years . "  The safest places for a baby is safe , securely built , stationary crib , " she said , adding that she has a video monitor in her son 's room and gets up "  about 14 times a night checking on him . " "  I 'm happy for the day when he 's out and in the bed , and we 're done with cribs . "	Michele Witte 's 10-month-old son suffocated in a drop-side crib in 1997 The baby 's neck became stuck between side rail , headboard when screw loosened Witte has been working to get drop-side cribs banned Consumer Product Safety Commission approved standards that would ban drop-side cribs
CNN  -- Somalis forced to flee war and drought are living in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries , including in Kenya and Ethiopia , an aid agency said Thursday . Somali refugees in Kenya queue to find out about a move to a displacement camp . Somalia has seen a rise in fighting between government forces and the Islamic militant group Al-Shabab , which wants to implement a stricter form of Sharia law or Islamic religious law . The clashes have left scores dead in recent months . The country in the Horn of Africa is also going through the worst drought in 10 years , international agency Oxfam said . "  Somalis flee one of the world 's most brutal conflicts and a desperate drought , only to end up in unimaginable conditions in camps that are barely fit for humans , " said Robbert Van den Berg , a spokesman for Oxfam International in the Horn of Africa . "  Hundreds of thousands of children are affected , and the world is abandoning the next generation of Somalis when they most need our help . Why does it seem like you matter less in this world if you are from Somalia ? " The international community has failed the refugees , who have little access to basic services such as water and medicine , Oxfam said . About 8,000 Somali refugees flock into the Dadaab camp in northern Kenya every month , the aid agency said . The camp , which has facilities for about 90,000 , has 280,000 refugees who have no access to basic necessities , including clean water , Oxfam said . "  The Kenyan government has repeatedly promised to provide more land to ease the overcrowding , but has so far failed to do so , " Van den Berg said . "  More pressure from the international community is needed to make it happen . " Kenyan officials decried the criticism . "  It is wrong to say we are not doing anything , " said Francis Mwaka , a federal communications official . "  The Kenya government is aware of the problem and is working on a solution . " Several government departments that deal with refugee issues are planning to meet next week , Mwaka said . "  During this meeting , they will discuss the possibility of having another camp for refugees in the country or relocating some of the ones in Dadaab to another camp , " he said . Mwaka confirmed Oxfam 's report that the Dadaab camp was built to host 90,000 refugees . In Ethiopia , the Bokolmayo camp has about 10,000 people . At least 1,000 people arrive there every month , but the facilities are not adequate enough to handle the influx , Oxfam said . Meanwhile , in Somalia , insecurity has hindered international aid agencies from reaching the 485,000 people who have fled the capital , Mogadishu , to nearby Afgooye , Oxfam said . The displaced are getting help from Somalis , who do not have enough resources , it added . "  In all three locations -- Afgooye , Dadaab and Bokolmayo -- the services being provided to vulnerable and desperate people are far below international standards , " Van den Berg said . About 1.4 million people have been displaced in Somalia and 500,000 more have fled to countries in the region , according to Oxfam . The transitional government has been mired in chaos since 1991 when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . Government officials have struggled to establish authority amid challenges by Islamist groups that have seized control of some cities .	Somali refugees living in unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries Clashes between government forces and Islamic militant group has killed hundreds Somalia also suffering from worst drought in ten years , according to Oxfam The Bokolmayo camp in Ethiopia is home to about 10,000 refugees
CNN  -- Ferrari 's team principal Stefano Domenicali has insisted there is no "  political intention " in the Italian marque 's decision to bear the country 's naval flag on their cars at the Indian Grand Prix . Both Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa will carry the symbol on their livery , a move that has been interpreted as a message of support for two Italian navy officers arrested after an incident that resulted in the death of two Indian fishermen in February . The officers are understood to have mistaken the fisherman for pirates who they thought were trying to attack an oil tanker they had been protecting . They were jailed in March and later bailed ahead of their trial . Ferrari posted a statement on their website on Wednesday that read : "  Ferrari will carry the flag of the Italian Navy on the cars driven by Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa in this weekend 's Indian Grand Prix . "  In doing so , Ferrari pays tribute to one of the outstanding entities of our country , also in the hope that the Indian and Italian authorities will soon find a solution to the situation currently involving two sailors from the Italian Navy . " Ferrari 's decision to bear the flag on their cars was applauded by Italy 's minister for foreign affairs , Giulio Terzi , who took it as a show of support for the sailors -- Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone . He wrote on his official Twitter page : "  Congratulations to Ferrari for displaying the the Navy 's symbol at the India GP . It will show the sailors the whole country is behind them . " Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , states clearly that it "  shall refrain from manifesting racial , political or religious discrimination in the course of its activities and from taking any action in this respect . " But when questioned about the flag at a press conference ahead of Sunday 's race in New Delhi , Domenicali was coy about the reasons behind it . "  I think that you have to refer to that  Ferrari 's statement  to be honest , and look what is written exactly , and the reason why we put that on , " he said in quotes carried on the sport 's official website . "  There 's not any political intention or discussion in that . If you look at that , that 's really what is written . "  If you look behind in the past we 've done a lot of initiatives but there 's nothing that I want to go into very specifically because it 's not really the place where I should do it . " AFP reported that Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone had said the matter should be dealt with by India 's national motorsport association , the Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India  FMSCI  . "  What we 'd do , we 'd look at the national sporting authority  FMSCI  here to have a look at that ... we are not political , " Ecclestone was reported to have said in New Delhi . As for matters on the track , both Ferrari drivers trail behind reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel , who was quickest in both the morning and afternoon sessions . Red Bull 's German driver sits six points ahead of Alonso at the top of the drivers ' championship standings , as he goes in search of a third straight title . Vettel and teammate Mark Webber were over half a second quicker than Alonso in the second practice session with Nico Rosberg fourth fastest for Mercedes . Qualifying is on Saturday before the race on Sunday . "  The track improvement was quite big today , it was dusty to start and improved lap by lap , so I would n't be surprised if tomorrow the order is different , but we 've had worse Fridays , so I am happy , " Vettel told F1 's official website . Alonso , who has seen his championship lead eroded by Vettel in recent weeks , added : "  This is an interesting circuit : after the longest straight , there 's a combination of high-speed corners which are very nice to drive . "  Today the track was still very dirty , which is usually the case at new tracks that are n't used very often . Tomorrow , when it will deliver more grip , it will be even more fun . "	Ferrari denies making a political statement having the Italian navy flag on its F1 cars Marque says flag is there in hope Italy and India can settle a political dispute Two Italian sailors were arrested after incident that left two Indian fisherman dead Sebastian Vettel goes quickest in practice ahead of Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi
CNN  -- The 1960s are stereotyped in the popular imagination as a decade of "  free love " and sexual liberation . Yet , as late as 1967 , to share a gay relationship in the UK was to risk arrest , imprisonment and life-wrecking public humiliation . Even after homosexuality in England and Wales was finally decriminalized that summer -- a month after the release of the Beatles ' "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band " -- gay people in Scotland would have to wait until 1980 for the same right , and those in Northern Ireland two more years . This week , almost 46 years later , the House of Commons , the lower house of the UK parliament , took another landmark step towards granting full equality to gay people by voting in favor of a bill that would give them the right to marry . Civil partnerships , which effectively grant those in same-sex relationships the same legal rights as married couples , have been permitted in the UK since 2005 . Tuesday 's vote in London came at the same time that France 's National Assembly was also debating a government-backed bill to legalize same-sex marriages . A key article of the proposed legislation , redefining marriage as an agreement between two people of the opposite or same sex , was passed emphatically , suggesting the bill is likely to eventually become law , even despite a raft of more than 5,000 amendments tabled by the opposition in an apparent effort to delay proceedings . Gay rights campaigners in London and Paris may have had cause for celebration , but their legislators were hardly ahead of the curve . Same-sex marriage is already legal in eight European countries , including the Netherlands and Spain , as well as in Argentina , Canada , South Africa and some states of Brazil . Meanwhile , the cause of gay rights in the U.S. , where nine states and Washington DC have legalized same-sex marriage , received an historic endorsement in President Barack Obama 's second term inauguration speech in which he declared : "  Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law -- for if we are truly equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well . " Opinion : How U.S. leads the way on gay rights With recent opinion polls in both the UK and France indicating solid majorities in favor of equal marriage rights for same-sex couples , Roberta Sklar , a spokesperson for the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission , said it appeared to be an issue with the power to appeal to many people 's emotions . "  We have seen an increasing momentum towards the legalization of equality in marriage , " Sklar told CNN . "  I think if you exchange the word love for marriage you immediately understand why . Love is a universal experience and in many place love is equated with marriage , so emotionally people come to understand love and marriage in that way . " That momentum has also prompted greater international solidarity between groups campaigning for gay rights , according to Andy Wasley , a spokesman for the UK 's Stonewall charity . "  We work together with organisations worldwide to help challenge homophobia , and we 've provided advice to campaigners in countries like Croatia and Slovakia , which are looking to learn from the progress we 've made on equality in Britain , " Wasley told CNN . Wasley said that growing recognition and awareness of the principles of universal human rights through institutions such as the United Nations and the European Union had also served the cause of gay rights campaigners . He cited the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights which recognizes the "  equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family . " Yet campaigners warn that the focus on advances towards gay marriage in Western nations risks distracting attention from more urgent efforts to secure basic human rights for gay people in many regions of the world where homosexuality is still illegal and homophobia is deeply entrenched . "  When I speak to my colleagues in these places they say , ` We are not concerned about same-sex marriage . We want our basic human rights . ' The right to live safely , to gather with friends , to speak openly . These are things that in Western democracies we take for granted , " said Sklar . Wasley also highlights continuing casual homophobia in the UK , citing Stonewall research suggesting more than half of gay , lesbian and bisexual young people have been bullied at school and Home Office records of 4,200 homophobic hate crimes in England and Wales last year . "  We 've seen a lot of progress over the last 10 years but clearly there are still very big problems . Until everybody in society gets over problems with gay people there is still a lot of work to be done , " he said . But while gay rights campaigners can increasingly look abroad for inspiration and common cause , their opponents are also mobilizing on an international scale , many of them united by religious faith . In his pre-Christmas message , Pope Benedict XVI rallied Catholics to oppose gay marriage by praising comments critical of gay marriage made by Gilles Bernheim , the chief rabbi of France , raising the prospect of an inter-faith alliance , according to many commentators . Meanwhile in the UK , the new Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby used his first public comments as leader of the worldwide Anglican community to reiterate the Church of England 's concerns . Opponents of same-sex marriage argue that the equality argument made by gay rights campaigners is a false one and that there are real social risks involved in redefining the notion of marriage in ways broader than the traditional union of man and woman . "  Nobody wants to be seen as anti-equality and the gay rights lobby have been very effective in framing the argument as being one equivalent to ending slavery , " Austen Ivereigh , a spokesperson for the Catholic Voices pressure group , told CNN . Ivereigh said that marriage in Western society had traditionally been understood as a "  conjugal institution with sexual difference at its heart . " To allow people of the same sex to marry was to downgrade marriage 's importance by misunderstanding it as simply "  a domestic relationship between two people . " He also questioned whether public support for gay marriage in the UK and France was as strong as opinion polls have suggested , arguing that people were confused by the issue . He said anti-gay marriage campaigners in the UK had drawn encouragement from their French counterparts , who have taken to the streets in hundreds of thousands to oppose the government . "  There has n't been a lot of co-ordinated international action yet but I can see it beginning to emerge , " said Ivereigh . But Peter Kellner of the UK 's YouGov polling agency said that opposition to gay rights legislation tended to be forgotten as soon as it became law , citing the examples of the UK 's 1967 decriminalization of homosexuality and the changing of the law in 2000 to equalize the age of consent for straight and gay sex to 16 . "  History tells us that measures to advance gay rights cease to be controversial almost as soon as they are passed , " said Kellner . "  Ahead of the 1967 legislation ... Gallup found that more people thought it should remain a criminal act than to legalise it . Afterwards , MPs across the spectrum agreed that there was never the remotest chance to turn back the clock . It 's a similar story with the age of consent . Both times , opponents of reform folded their tents once the law was changed . "	The UK this week took another landmark step towards granting full equality to gay people Same-sex marriage is already legal in eight European countries Campaigners warn that advancing gay marriage in the West risks distracting attention from more urgent rights issues Opponents of same-sex marriage argue that the equality argument made by gay rights campaigners is a false one
Wired.com  -- A new piece of malware has caused an uptick in Apple customers reporting infected machines , renewing a timeless debate on the state of Macintosh security versus Windows . The trojan horse is called Mac Defender . It 's a web pop-up containing a spoof message that tells customers their machines are infected by a virus and they must install anti-virus software . If customers agree to install the software , the program sporadically loads porn websites on their computer . ZDNet writer Ed Bott was first to spot a long thread of complaints in Apple 's support forums related to Mac Defender , with at least 200 posts of customers reporting they 've been infected by the malware . "  I 've done similar searches in the past ... -LSB- and -RSB- I have never found more than one or two in-the-wild reports , " Bott wrote . "  This time , the volume is truly exceptional . " Furthering his case , Bott in a follow-up article quoted an AppleCare technician who claims that phone calls to AppleCare support have grown four to five times recently , and the majority of the calls are related to Mac Defender . Customers and technology observers have debated for years whether the Mac is truly more secure than a Windows PC . The general consensus among security researchers is that there 's nothing about the Mac that makes it inherently more secure than Windows -- indeed , the Mac platform has been easily penetrated in the Pwn2Own hacking contest in years past . But Windows has always been a juicier target for malicious hackers because it has much larger market share than the Mac . As a result , when customers switch from a Windows to a Mac , they 're often under the impression that they 're switching to a more secure , sterile environment where they wo n't need to install expensive , resource-hogging anti-virus software . While it 's not true that the Mac is more secure , theplatform is generally "  safer " because fewer people target it , security researchers have told Wired.com in the past . Bott 's discovery renews this debate : A new piece of malware seems to be fooling more Mac customers than past examples . So does this change the scenario ? Should Mac customers install anti-virus software by default like most Windows customers do ? Charlie Miller , a security researcher who has repeatedly won the annual Pwn2Own hacking contest by hacking Macs and iPhones , told Wired.com he does n't think so . Miller noted that Microsoft recently pointed out that 1 in 14 downloads on Windows are malicious . And the fact that there is just one piece of Mac malware being widely discussed illustrates how rare malware still is on the Mac platform , he said . And while 200 posts complaining about Mac Defender in Apple 's support forums may seem like a lot , that 's still a small fraction of the millions of Mac customers in the world . While Mac Defender does show that the problem is getting worse and people should be more wary about malware , it does n't necessarily mean that every Mac user today should rush to buy anti-virus software , Miller said . Ultimately , it 's up to the customer because there 's a trade-off involved . Anti-virus software will help protect your system from being infected , but it 's expensive , uses system memory and reduces battery life . "  Mac malware is still relatively rare , but is getting worse , " Miller said . "  At some point soon , the scales will tip to installing antivirus , but at this point , I do n't think it 's worth it yet for most people . " In looking into the effects of Mac Defender , Wired.com 's sister publication Ars Technica did a thorough investigation on the state of Mac malware , speaking with 14 Mac support specialists . "  The truth is hard to tease out , " ArsTechnica 's Jacqui Cheng wrote . "  Partly because Mac OS X still makes up a comparatively small percentage of the global OS market share , and partly because Apple itself is a secretive company , it 's not easy to find out whether malware on the Mac is indeed becoming more common , or it 's simply being reported on more often . " The results were all over the map , with most certified Mac support specialists logging a low number of malware reports . But some Apple Genius Bar technicians noticed an uptick in malware instances , thanks to Mac Defender . Though the conclusion is unclear , the moral of this story is to be wary that Mac malware is in the wild , and be cautious about installing sketchy software from unfamiliar sources . Mac Defender may be the first wake-up call for people who believed that Macs do n't get viruses . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A "  trojan horse " called Mac Defender is telling Mac customers they must install anti-virus software If a customer agrees , the program loads porn sites on their computer Despite some perceptions , experts say the Mac is n't more secure than Windows Anti-virus software will help protect your system from being infected , but it 's expensive
ISIS videos are part of today 's new reality . One of the many to hit social media has the viewer hearing a recitation of Quranic verses describing a jihad in the battle for Syria 's Al Omar energy facility . Syria 's largest oil field is one of a handful now under the firm grip of the terrorist organization . ISIS may not be operating the type of polished pipeline infrastructure one would find in southern Iraq around Basra , but Iraqi oil ministry officials say an old fashioned truck network for this crude is active and serving distribution needs . And now , after nearly three months of heated battle in Iraq , one can see a clearer picture of where ISIS stands as an energy player . It popped up on the global radar in June by seizing assets in Iraq , but building on those early gains , according to a number of energy sources , is proving difficult . August was not a good month for ISIS . It lost its battle for one of Kirkuk 's big fields , with potential production of 600,000 barrels a day , and could not keep control of Iraq 's largest refinery at Baiji , on the main road to Mosul . What they do hold , Iraqi officials suggest , will need maintenance . So far , it is getting that work done only through intimidation of on-site engineers who are not loyal to the ISIS cause . ISIS ' income from oil is falling as they struggle to control the personnel within refineries , according to Assim Jihad , a spokesman at Iraq 's Oil Ministry . "  At first they got a large sum of money by seizing inventories , but this can not last , " he added . The Iraq Energy Institute estimates ISIS is producing about 30,000 barrels a day in Iraq and 50,000 daily in Syria . On a black market price of $ 40 a barrel , it is earning $ 1.2 million a day in Iraq and $ 2 million in Syria . Energy traders and regional security specialists tell me supplies are being funneled into regional oil importing countries of Jordan , Turkey , and Syria . "  They use oil tank trucks instead of oil pipes . There are about 210 oil tank trucks smuggling oil to Turkey and other places every day , " Hussein Allawi , Baghdad manager of the Iraq Energy Institute told me . The transport may be rudimentary , but this network of black market traders stretches back to the days of Saddam Hussein , when Iraq was under UN sanctions in the 1990s . "  We are not talking about people who own a couple of trucks and tanker trucks , " said Kate Dourian , senior editor at the Middle East Economic Survey . "  We are talking about certain market-oriented people who have organizations that trade in illegal oil . " ISIS has taken a page from Hussein 's war playbook , when he left Kuwait . Still pictures of fields torched have emerged this week of fields outside of Mosul when it was pushed out by Iraqi forces . Oil strategists say Iraq 's national military and the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdish region are trying to strike a fine balance . They want to keep ISIS out of their prized fields and refineries , but they do n't want to destroy infrastructure which would take years and millions of dollars to rebuild . While ISIS has clearly suffered setbacks , there is also a stark reality . The organization may be falling short of designs to become a "  state " oil company , but revenue of over $ 3 million a day can certainly finance its operation of terror . READ MORE : How Iraq 's black market in oil funds ISIS READ MORE : Sotloff 's courage praised READ MORE : Obama : ISIS killers will not intimidate U.S.	ISIS controls several oil fields in Iraq and Syria , which it is using to finance its terror operations However running refineries is difficult and ISIS has suffered setbacks in areas such as Baiji It is estimated to be earning more than $ 3 million a day in black market oil sales It may be struggling to increase that -- but the funds are plenty to finance its terror operation
London , England  CNN  -- Nestled in a sheltered bay on the English Channel coast , Weymouth is one of Britain 's most picturesque seaside towns . As the home to the Weymouth and Portland British National Sailing Academy it was the obvious choice to host all sailing events during the London 2012 Olympic Games . Located in the English county of Dorset , and smack bang in the middle of what is known as the "  Jurassic Coast " -- a rocky and dramatic 153 kilometer coastline dating back 185 million years -- this area is arguably one of the most historically interesting regions in the UK . In 1348 it played a pivotal role in the spread of the Black Death , it was a major departure point for the settlement of the Americas and a critical location for Britain 's defense during World War II . See also : Beheaded Vikings found at Olympic site It also has a great cultural heritage and its spectacular vistas and dynamic seas have inspired many great British novelists such as Thomas Hardy and Ian McEwan , who even chose one of Dorset 's beaches , Chesil Beach , as the title for one of his most celebrated novels . Throughout the summer , Weymouth and the surrounding towns and villages , are hosting countless events to celebrate the homecoming of the Olympic Games . To make your life easier CNN has selected some of the most interesting events and must-see tourist attractions right here . Weymouth & Portland Live For anyone visiting Weymouth during the Olympics a trip to the Weymouth & Portland Live site is a must . Located in the center of Weymouth and overlooking its golden beach , the venue will show all sailing and other major Olympic events live on two giant 60 square meter television screens . During the Games 15,000 people are expected to visit the area each day . The free site opens its doors on Friday July 27 when it will be showing the Olympic opening ceremony , followed by a big firework display in Weymouth Bay . Interactive sports arena If watching sports does n't tire you out then a visit to the interactive sports arena might . Targeting the more active sports fans this venue lets visitors try out some of Britain 's favorite sports including football , rugby , volleyball , cricket , bowling , sailing and kayaking . It is located right next to the Live Site and will be open July 27 - August 12 . Maritime Mix Branded as the "  London 2012 Cultural Olympiad by the Sea " the Maritime Mix is one of the most ambitious cultural events ever put on in Dorset . It is an official part of the UK-wide London 2012 Festival which celebrates the best of British cultural life during the Olympic year . There are more than 80 free separate events featuring visual arts , music , choral performances , outdoor theater and circus , earth sciences , sound installations , video projection , dance and participative street celebrations . The Bayside Festival For those who want to enjoy a bit of fun , light entertainment and plenty of cold beers during the Olympics , the Bayside Festival is likely to be the a popular pit stop . Located on the Weymouth peninsula the festival , which has a capacity of 9,000 people , will feature a wide range of music and entertainment along with lots of shops , food stalls and bars . For history buffs there 's the Olympic Sailing Heritage Exhibition , military displays and a chance to board the classic cruise ship MV Balmoral for a tour of the Jurassic Coast . See also : Olympic sailors test waters for 2012 Games Sea Life Tower Rising 53 meter over Weymouth 's Festival Pier this newly opened tower offers some stunning bird 's eye views over the Olympic sailing arena . On a clear day the tower 's slowly revolving observation deck reveals panoramic views of Weymouth Bay , the English Channel and the Jurassic Coast . b-side festival For the third year in a row this contemporary art festival is being held in Weymouth , and this year it runs throughout the Olympics and Paralympics . The b-side festival features cutting edge British and international artists from Europe , the U.S. and China who are showcasing new commissions on the theme of "  margins , boundaries , portals and departure points " using visual art , digital media , performance and film to display their work . According to organizers the aim of the festival is to "  delight and provoke in equal measures " and with a program featuring "  misguided " tours , telepathic drawing experiments , sound installations , film programs and interactive signage located in pubs , churches , alleyways , swimming pools and car parks it sounds like it will stay true to its word . Jurassic Coast For those adventurous enough to go sightseeing around Dorset there is plenty to see even after the Olympics . The Jurassic Coast was England 's first UNESCO World Heritage Site and is a must see attraction for anyone visiting Dorset . It covers 95 miles of dramatic coastline and features rocks dating back 185 million years -- spanning the Triassic , Jurassic and Cretaceous periods . The coastline has plenty of fossils , dinosaur prints and geological marvels such as the 28 kilometer long barrier beach Chesil Beach and Lulworth Cove , which attracts half a million tourists a year . One of the best ways to see the Jurassic Coast is by sea so if you left your own boat at home you can easily hop on a boat trip from any of the gateway towns along the coast . For those who want to explore the coast by foot the 1000 kilometer  630 miles  long South West Coast Path National Trail offers plenty of coastal adventures . Inside Out Dorset festival Held on the limestone island of Portland a few kilometers south of Weymouth , the Inside Out Dorset festival is free event that has been running since 2005 . It aims to make art accessible and less "  intimidating " and this year it runs from August 31 - September 9 . One of the year 's highlights is the Harmonic Fields -- a sensory art installation featuring an ensemble of 500 instruments being played by the strong Dorset wind . Camp Bestival Camp Bestival is the "  little sister " of the very popular music festival Bestival , both organised by radio DJ Rob Da Bank . Held annually at the end of July at the majestic Lulworth Castle it is not the average raucous British festival but one for music-loving families with small children . It won the Best New Festival in the UK Festival Awards in 2008 and this year bands like Happy Mondays , Hot Chip , Kool & the Gang , Jimmy Cliff and Rolf Harris are performing .	Weymouth and Portland are hosting all sailing events during the London 2012 Olympics During the Olympics the area is bustling with numerous sport and cultural festivals Weymouth is located on the Jurassic Coast -- England 's first World Heritage Site
CNN  -- Tuesday marks the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin 's "  On the Origin of Species " on November 24 , 1859 . All 1,250 copies of the initial print run of the book were scooped up by readers eager to see the British naturalist going rogue with his radical new theory of evolution , "  By Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life , " in the book 's full title . How important is this book ? Thomas Henry Huxley  "  Darwin 's bulldog "  proclaimed that "  On the Origin of Species " was "  the most potent instrument for the extension of the realm of knowledge which has come into man 's hands since Newton 's ` Principia , ' " and lamented to himself : "  How extremely stupid not to have thought of that . " The Harvard biologist Ernst Mayr , arguably the greatest evolutionary theorist since Darwin , asserted : "  It would be difficult to refute the claim that the Darwinian revolution was the greatest of all intellectual revolutions in the history of mankind . " The Harvard paleontologist and historian of science Stephen Jay Gould called the theory of evolution one of the half dozen most important ideas in the entire history of Western thought . Why , then , do so many Americans not accept the theory of evolution ? A 2001 Gallup Poll found that 45 percent of Americans agree with the statement "  God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time within the last 10,000 years or so , " while 37 percent preferred a blended belief that "  Human beings have developed over millions of years from less advanced forms of life , but God guided this process , " and a paltry 12 percent accepted the standard scientific theory that "  Human beings have developed over millions of years from less advanced forms of life , but God had no part in this process . " These percentages have remained largely unchanged in subsequent surveys , although most scientists would prefer that the questions were asked without reference to God since the science of evolutionary biology stands or falls on its own whether God directed the process or not , or even if there is a God or not . There are at least six reasons that make people resistant to accepting evolution . 1 . The Warfare Model of Science and Religion . The belief that there is a war between science and religion where one is right and the other wrong , and that one must choose one over the other . 2 . Belief that evolution is a threat to specific religious tenets . Many people attempt to use science to prove certain religious tenets , but when they do not appear to fit , the science is rejected . For example , the attempt to prove that the Genesis creation story is accurately reflected in the geological fossil record has led many creationists to conclude that the Earth was created within the past 10,000 years , which is in sharp contrast to the geological evidence for a 4.6 billion-year-old Earth . 3 . Misunderstanding of evolutionary theory . A significant problem is that most people know so little about the theory . In the 2001 Gallup Poll , for example , a quarter of the people surveyed said they did n't know enough to say whether they accepted evolution or not , and only 34 percent considered themselves to be "  very informed " about the theory . Because evolution is so controversial , public school science teachers typically drop the subject entirely rather than face the discomfort aroused among students and parents . 4 . The fear that evolution degrades our humanity . After Copernicus toppled the pedestal of our cosmic centrality , Darwin delivered the coup de grce by revealing us to be "  mere " animals , subject to the same natural laws and historical forces as all other animals . 5 . The equation of evolution with ethical nihilism . This sentiment was expressed by the neoconservative social commentator Irving Kristol in 1991 : "  If there is one indisputable fact about the human condition it is that no community can survive if it is persuaded -- or even if it suspects -- that its members are leading meaningless lives in a meaningless universe . " 6 . The fear that evolutionary theory implies we have a fixed human nature . The first five reasons for the resistance to evolutionary theory come almost exclusively from political conservatives . This last reason originates from liberals who fear that the application of evolutionary theory to human thought and action implies that political policy and economic doctrines will fail because the constitution of humanity is stronger than the constitutions of states . All of these fears are baseless . If one is a theist , it should not matter when God made the universe -- 10,000 years ago or 10 billion years ago . The difference of six zeros is meaningless to an omniscient and omnipotent being , and the glory of divine creation cries out for praise regardless of when it happened . Likewise , it should not matter how God created life , whether it was through a miraculous spoken word or through the natural forces of the universe that He created . The grandeur of God 's works commands awe regardless of what processes He used . As for meanings and morals , it is here where our humanity arises from our biology . We evolved as a social primate species with the tendency of being cooperative and altruistic within our own groups , but competitive and bellicose between groups . The purpose of civilization is to help us rise above our hearts of darkness and to accentuate the better angels of our nature . Believers should embrace science , especially evolutionary theory , for what it has done to reveal the magnificence of the divinity in a depth never dreamed by our ancient ancestors . We have learned a lot in 4,000 years , and that knowledge should never be dreaded or denied . Instead , science should be welcomed by all who cherish human understanding and wisdom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Shermer .	Shermer wonders why so many Americans do n't accept the theory of evolution He comes up with six reasons why not , including misunderstanding and fear But he says , divine creation cries out for praise regardless of when it happened
WIRED  -- A judge on Monday ordered a Colorado woman to decrypt her laptop computer so prosecutors can use the files against her in a criminal case . The defendant , accused of bank fraud , had unsuccessfully argued that being forced to do so violates the Fifth Amendment 's protection against compelled self-incrimination . "  I conclude that the Fifth Amendment is not implicated by requiring production of the unencrypted contents of the Toshiba Satellite M305 laptop computer , " Colorado U.S. District Judge Robert Blackburn ruled Monday  . pdf  . The authorities seized the laptop from defendant Ramona Fricosu in 2010 with a court warrant while investigating financial fraud . The case is being closely watched  . pdf  by civil rights groups , as the issue has never been squarely weighed in on by the Supreme Court . Full disk encryption is an option built into the latest flavors of Windows , Mac OS and Linux , and well-designed encryption protocols used with a long passphrase can take decades to break , even with massive computing power . The government had argued that there was no Fifth Amendment breach , and that it might "  require significant resources and may harm the subject computer " if the authorities tried to crack the encryption . Assistant U.S. Attorney Patricia Davies said in a court filing  . pdf  that if Judge Blackburn did not rule against the woman , that would amount to "  a concession to her and potential criminals  be it in child exploitation , national security , terrorism , financial crimes or drug trafficking cases  that encrypting all inculpatory digital evidence will serve to defeat the efforts of law enforcement officers to obtain such evidence through judicially authorized search warrants , and thus make their prosecution impossible . " A factually similar dispute involving child pornography ended with a Vermont federal judge ordering the defendant to decrypt the hard drive of his laptop . While that case never reached the Supreme Court , it differed from the Fricosu matter because U.S. border agents already knew there was child porn on the computer because they saw it while the computer was running during a 2006 routine stop along the Canadian border . The judge in the Colorado case said there was plenty of evidence  $ " a jailhouse recording of the defendant  $ " that the laptop might contain information the authorities were seeking . The judge ordered Fricosu to surrender an unencrypted hard drive by February 21 . The judge added that the government is precluded "  from using Ms. Fricosu 's act of production of the unencrypted hard drive against her in any prosecution . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Colorado woman accused of bank fraud ordered to allow prosecutors access Judge Robert Blackburn rules that Fifth Amendment protection does not apply Previous case involving child pornography resulted in the same ruling
CNN  -- Believe it or not , there are a fair number of people in the "  top 1 % " who think that the existing distribution of wealth and opportunity is grotesque . They believe that an American 's place in this distribution is too dependent on irrelevant factors  race , creed , color , etc.  and relevant ones  educational attainment , intelligence  ; that inequality is bad not only because poverty sucks and the wealthy can do more but also because it is corrupting fairness in politics , education , health , national service and employment . They think it degrades social relationships , weakens national solidarity and drives the United States down international league tables in important areas . And these "  rich egalitarians " believe that government can and should do far more to reduce inequality and mitigate its effects . John Sutter : The most unequal place in America Rich egalitarians are often accused of weakness by the left for not voluntarily giving up more of their treasure , judged irrational by the right for not giving up their idealism  in the interest of self-interest  , and suspected of self-righteous hypocrisy by people who doubt that they sincerely want to reduce an inequality whose fruits they seem to enjoy very much . Despite these attacks , for the last 20 years , it 's been pretty easy for rich egalitarians to live by following this simple playbook :  In politics , vote for progressive Democrats , support progressive policies yet still sleep easy  though with some guilt  in the knowledge that even when Democrats are in power no policy truly hostile to the economic interests of the rich can pass  e.g. the Buffett Rule or some other mechanism to tax capital gains sensibly and the "  carried interest " earned by investment managers  ; gnash teeth when the Republicans are in power ; generally ignore state and local politics .  In philanthropy , give significant money and time to organizations working domestically with disadvantaged people or providing public goods available to everyone .  In personal matters , eschew ostentation and the cloistered world of private planes and country clubs ; live a normal upper middle-class life , in a liberal city , of parks , subways and economy-class travel  but private school for the children  .  In business , remain committed to the core public/private division of labor where private markets , technology and business provide innovation , efficiency and effectiveness while the government redistributes otherwise excessive outcomes  through taxation and income support  , mitigates ill effects  through regulation  and provides "  public " goods such as education , parks , public transportation and health care as well as the core functions of the "  watchman " state  contract enforcement , rule of law , national security  . Opinion : Mobility , not income inequality , is the problem But across the board , rich egalitarians are being tested . In politics , the emergence of the populist left poses a dilemma . Although they share some common policy ground , egalitarians believe in fairness  everyone doing what they reasonably can and should  while populists believe in taking  from those fat cats  . And remarkably , some populists seem to believe that we live in a neo-agrarian economy where the poor are poor because the rich are rich , whereas egalitarians see broader structural causes . And rich egalitarians , while acknowledging that part of the policy remedy will require the rich become considerably poorer , also think it will require a long-term commitment to investments in education , health care , infrastructure and the other public goods . CNNMoney : World 's 85 richest own as much as the poorest 50 % So in New York , where rich egalitarians were originally heartened by new Mayor Bill de Blasio 's early focus on inequality , they now worry , given the tone of the inauguration , that he may prove to be a populist in egalitarian clothing who asks the wealthy , rightly , to do their fair share  higher taxes to expand affordable housing and pre-K  without asking others to do the same  reforming arcane work rules and unsustainable benefits for public sector unions , etc.  . And it is easy to imagine something similar at the federal level if tax rates on the wealthy were increased without any of the structural changes -- increasing the total tax base , investing in public goods , curbing the growth in entitlements -- required to create a more egalitarian , yet fiscally sustainable , society . Of course even rich egalitarians ca n't fully embrace a populist movement whose defining narrative tars the wealthy as villains , but should they nevertheless support the populists because of the short-term policy overlap , or abandon them on principle ? In philanthropy , charities clamor more than ever for support while pundits tell the wealthy to discard "  band-aid charity " to focus on "  solving " problems through various types of "  impact " investing  where they might also make a buck  . But if charity is out and problem solving is in , should n't "  merely wealthy " egalitarians cede that terrain to Gates , Buffett and other Giving Pledge billionaires with the individual resources to make a difference ? In personal life , the "  normal " option -- just fine in the past -- continues to be hollowed out to make room for an ever-expanding set of gold and platinum tiers that are becoming the norm not only in credit cards and air travel but everywhere  $ 315/hour Disney VIP Tours anyone ?  . Worse yet , the bar rises each year with respect to what wealthy children see as "  normal " given the increasingly perverse lengths to which many parents will go in the attempt to lock in high socioeconomic status by turning their children 's lives into grueling , yet luxurious , 17-year , all-expenses paid , Ivy League applications . Does the commitment of rich egalitarians to a "  normal " life require explicit acts of self-sacrifice and restraint on a daily basis ? And in business , the debacles of the last decade -- gun control , insider trading , the financial crisis , Blackwater , etc. -- force rich egalitarians to question whether their commitment to markets/technology/business has become anachronistic in an era where business seems incapable of self-regulation while relentlessly absorbing hitherto public goods and defeating even sensible efforts at regulation .  And in the absence of campaign finance reform , rich nonegalitarians are now free to use their de facto control of corporate assets to fight against redistribution on the personal side as well . But since rich egalitarians ca n't abandon the commitment to the market  rich egalitarians are not socialists  , should they pin their hopes on nascent forms of "  social enterprise " that are far from proving they can deliver the goods ? How will rich egalitarians respond to these challenges ? A few will ride the tide to become self-loathing populists . Others will give up their egalitarianism and retreat to bucolic suburbs where they 're less likely to have awkward run-ins with old friends or feel picked on by the mayor . But I hope most discover that their convictions prove up to the challenge ; that they 'll explore new avenues of impact investing in addition to , not in lieu of , charity ; that they 'll continue to live in the city , ride the subway and fly coach ; and that they 'll engage with the populists despite their differences , showing them that the rich are n't so bad , arguing strenuously for sustainable fairness , not opportunistic taking , paying newly higher taxes without complaint and serving as a fifth column within the ranks of the wealthy to help the city and nation take at least baby steps in the direction that they 've always claimed it should go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John MacIntosh .	John MacIntosh : Rich egalitarians are being tested as never before He says those 1 percenters who oppose inequality do n't share views of populists MacIntosh : Poor are n't poor because the rich are rich ; there are structural causes He says wealthy should pay more in taxes but as part of a plan to invest in society 's future
CNN  -- Soupy Sales , a comedian from the golden era of television , died Thursday . He was 83 . Soupy Sales entertained generations of Americans with his off-the-cuff , wacky antics . He was 83 . The funny man seen many times on popular game shows died at a New York hospice , said Paul Dver , Sales ' longtime friend and manager . "  We have lost a comedy American icon , " Dver said . "  I feel the personal loss , and I also feel the magic that he had around him being gone . That 's a much more severe loss than a loss of a friend . " Sales was known for his long-running children 's show "  Lunch With Soupy Sales , " which started in 1953 and began his trademark slapstick pie-throwing antics . The comedy show featured skits that culminated in Sales getting walloped with pies in the face . What are your memories of Sales ? "  Soupy was the last of the great TV comics when you talk about Ernie Kovacs , Red Skelton , right down to Howdy Doody , " Dver said . "  But it was bigger than that , because he used a children 's format aimed at the kids and then he would forget he was doing a kids ' show and do a wild , unrehearsed , wacky improv for a half-hour every day for 15 years . " He could also inflame the authorities . One New Year 's Day , upset at being asked to work , he asked his youthful audience to send him those "  green pieces of paper " from their parents ' wallets . Though he did n't receive much -- he told The New York Times he received only a few dollars -- he was suspended for a week for the prank . Later in his career , he was a regular on TV game shows , such as "  Hollywood Squares , " "  To Tell the Truth " and "  What 's My Line ? " Sales recently fell backstage at a local Emmy awards show in New York and developed serious ailments after that , Dver said . CNN 's Lee Garen contributed to this report .	"  We have lost a comedy American icon , " says comedian 's friend and manager He was known for his long-running children 's show "  Lunch With Soupy Sales " Fans of the show anticipated his trademark pie-in-face gag Sales also seen on "  To Tell the Truth " and "  What 's My Line ? "
CNN  -- The phone call was short , and not at all sweet . "  Do you weigh more than 160 pounds ? " the voice on the other end asked Karyna Douglass . "  Yeah , I know I do , " she replied . And that was it . Douglass ' call to the local Navy recruiting center lasted less than five minutes . "  I felt horrible , " she remembers . "  I thought maybe I could change that . I did n't realize how big I actually was . " It was on a whale-watching trip to celebrate her 22nd birthday that Douglass first toyed with the idea of joining the military . She noticed her fellow passengers on the boat were really enamored with the Coast Guardsmen patrolling nearby . At the time , Douglass was working a part-time job in Portland , Oregon . She was n't having any luck getting student loans to go back to school and was having serious issues with her family . To deal with it , she turned to food , eating fast food during the day and binging on candy when she got home at night . Chocolate was her drug of choice . Sometimes with a side of ice cream . "  I was realizing that the people who you thought were going to be there for you were n't at all , " she says . "  I felt trapped . " The 5-foot-7 22-year-old weighed 300 pounds . After the painful phone call , Douglass started running every night around her neighborhood . A few months later she went to the Navy recruiting center in person . As she was about to enter , an Army recruiter from the next office over called out to her . It was the first time Douglass had ever seen a soldier up close . "  I just sort of stared , " she says with a laugh , as the recruiter told her about their morning workout program for potential enlistees . She dragged a friend to the first training session . They started by running laps , then moved on to push-ups . Douglass left shortly after the warm-up . "  It does n't sound like much now , but at that point , oh my God , it made me throw up , " she says . The friends went to get milkshakes to make themselves feel better . It was two weeks before Douglass gathered the courage to go back . No one from the Army called her . Her friend did n't push . "  I just thought , if I 'm really serious I have to give it a shot . " She worked out with the group every day that week , Monday through Thursday . It was hard , but she realized she could do it . Douglass started waking up at 4 a.m. every day to take a bus to the group 's morning workout . They run 2.5 to 4 miles , and then she heads to the gym before going to work . On Tuesdays and Thursdays she takes the bus back for an afternoon workout of jumping jacks , mountain climbers and push-ups . She also overhauled her diet , cutting out fast food , fried food and soda , and limiting her candy intake . Every week she tries a new diet to keep it interesting -- one week she avoids carbohydrates ; another week she skips meat . A year and three months later , Douglass has lost 110 pounds . She was sworn into the Army on December 12 . "  I fell in love with their world , " she told CNN affiliate KPTV . "  I fell in love with the bonds that I created with these people . I fell in love for what they stand for . " It was n't always easy . There were days when she would call Sgt. Cody Baker , the Future Soldier Leader , and quit . "  I would go months without losing weight . It was so frustrating , " she says . "  I remember ... just saying , ' I ca n't do this . I 'm never going to be small enough . ' " But Baker never gave up on her . Neither did Douglass ' friends and roommates , who encouraged her to stay on track . Today , Douglass is "  literally a walking Army billboard . " Her clothes , her room and her accessories are all advertisements for her new family . She 's looking forward to basic training , and plans to drop another 20 pounds . Her advice to others who want to lose weight ? Lie to yourself . "  You love this feeling . You love being tired . You love being sore . Because in the end , you will . " Mission complete : 100 pounds gone	Karyna Douglass wanted to join the military but did not meet the weight requirements In a little over a year , she has lost 110 pounds , and hopes to drop 20 more Douglass was sworn into the Army on December 12
CNN  -- Robin Dehaven usually replaces windows . On Thursday morning , after a small plane crashed into an Austin , Texas , office building , he was breaking them , having rushed into the burning structure to help people escape . Dehaven , an Army veteran who works for a glass company , was driving to a job when he witnessed the plane crash . With the building in flames and emergency personnel still minutes away , Dehaven drove his truck to the parking lot . People in the building were trapped , screaming for help . " -LSB- Other people who 'd gathered -RSB- said they needed my ladders on my truck , because there were people stuck on the second floor , " Dehaven told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " He took a ladder off his truck and put it up to a window of a smoke-filled area where five people were trapped . "  The people were kind of in a panic , wanting to get out quickly , of course , so I climbed up into the building with them , " Dehaven said . He then broke a nearby window under which the ladder could have better footing , and he helped the five escape , he said . See iReport photos and videos from the scene Dehaven was one of several people who rushed to the site to help , local reports and the Texas governor 's office said . "  In true Texas form , first responders and everyday citizens responded to today 's plane crash with selfless acts of heroism , securing the area , evacuating the building and controlling the fire , and are to be commended , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in a written statement Thursday . Authorities said they believe pilot Joseph Andrew Stack III , 53 , of Austin , intentionally crashed the small aircraft into the building , where nearly 200 Internal Revenue Service employees worked . Authorities said Stack apparently had a grudge against the IRS . The remains of two people were found in the building after the crash , and 13 other people were injured -- one seriously -- authorities said . The identities of the dead were n't released as of Thursday evening . Witnesses described a scene of panic , fire and smoke . Lyric Olivarez , who was working in a nearby building , told CNN affiliate KXAN that she felt her building shake when the plane crashed . "  It sounded like an explosion , but it felt like an earthquake , " Olivarez said . "  Someone came into our office and said there was a bomb in the building next door . We had no idea it was a plane at the time . " When she and others ran outside , they saw the neighboring building in flames . "  People on the second and third floors were busting out windows , screaming , ` Help me ! Help me ! Get me out of here ! ' waving handkerchiefs or whatever they could find , " Olivarez told KXAN . "  Not before long , the entire parking lot was filled with smoke , and people praying and crying , " she said . "  I just saw smoke and flames , " said CNN iReporter Mike Ernest . "  I could not believe what I was seeing . It was just smoke and flames everywhere . " Dehaven said that as he was driving before the crash , he could see the plane flying low , approaching the building . "  I saw it turn and start heading down like it was diving to come in for a landing , but there 's no landing -LSB- strip -RSB- , " he said . "  So I knew it was going to crash . " He said his 6 1/2 years in the Army , with two tours in Iraq , helped him Thursday . "  I 've had some experience in triage and battlefield , with ... gunfire , " he said . "  My first thought -LSB- was -RSB- maybe I can help , because I 'm more used to dealing with traumatic situations like that . "  I have a clear head and a calm head to try to help those people , and luckily I did . "	Army vet was driving work truck when he saw plane hit building Robin Dehaven used ladder from his truck to reach trapped workers He and other bystanders helped people out of burning building
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The body of a Palestinian teen slain in Jerusalem will be turned over to his family on Friday , the boy 's father said . Hussain Abu Khedair said Thursday the family expects to be given the body of his son Mohammad after Friday prayers . The father said his 17-year-old son likely will be buried later that day . "  We will not bury my son at night , " he said earlier on Palestinian television . "  We will do it during the day . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pledged Thursday to find the perpetrators responsible for the boy 's killing , an act Netanyahu described as "  a despicable crime . " Abducted Palestinian teen was kind , beloved Netanyahu made the comment during a speech at the American Embassy in Tel Aviv where he and Israeli President Shimon Peres attended the annual July 4 Independence Day party . Israeli authorities are still trying to determine who killed Mohammad Abu Khedair and why , the Prime Minister said . Mohammad Abu Khedair was heading from his home to a mosque in the middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat for prayers around 4 a.m. when three men forced him into a car and drove off , his father said Wednesday . The boy 's body was found about an hour later at a forest in Jerusalem . The killing further inflamed tensions in a region already unsettled over the killings of three Israeli teens , not to mention decades of entrenched enmity between all sides . There are concerns that the Palestinian teenager 's funeral could spark further unrest , and demonstrators and Israeli officers clashed again Thursday in the East Jerusalem area of Shuafat . At least 10 Palestinian protesters were injured , according to a CNN team there . Dozens of Palestinians threw stones at Israeli forces who fired rubber bullets and stun grenades . The unrest came as Israelis and Palestinians continue to trade blows over longstanding issues unrelated to Abu Khedair 's death . There have been rocket attacks and airstrikes . The Israeli Defense Forces said 40 rockets were launched toward Israel from Gaza on Thursday . One soldier had minor wounds and some homes were damaged , the IDF said . Israel conducted at least eight airstrikes early Thursday . Three hit a Hamas intelligence building in Gaza city , while at least one struck the Qassam training camp in Beit Hanoun . Palestinian medical sources reported at least 10 people injured , one of them seriously . Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes , going after 15 Hamas targets , were in response to the firing of more than 20 rockets into Israel since Wednesday . This is in addition to other actions -- including the arrests of hundreds of Hamas activists , the demolition of homes and the closure of dozens of institutions in Gaza , according to Netanyahu -- targeting Hamas and focused in Gaza . This action follows the abduction of Israeli teens Eyal Yifrach , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel as they were on their way home from school June 13 ; the three were found dead on Monday in a West Bank field . Hamas praised the kidnappings but denied that it was responsible for what happened . It warned that if Netanyahu "  brings a war on Gaza , the gates of hell will open to him . " At the teens ' funerals Wednesday , Netanyahu said the country would avenge their deaths at "  the hands of evil men . " Opinion : Teens ' killing hurts Israelis , bad for Palestinians Opinion : Slain teens call for justice , not escalation Ben Wederman reported from Jerusalem . Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Schwartz , Kareem Khadder and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Family says boy will be buried after body is returned Friday Mohammad Abu Khedair was taken while on his way to prayers At least 10 protesters injured in skirmishes with police Israeli forces strike targets in Gaza . Rockets fired
EW.com  -- "  Holler If Ya Hear Me , " a new musical featuring the music of rapper Tupac Shakur , will open on Broadway at the Palace on June 19 . Preview performances for the brand-new show begin May 26 . Casting for the show has not yet been announced . Written by Todd Kreidler and directed by Tony nominee Kenny Leon  who will also direct Denzel Washington in this season 's forthcoming "  A Raisin in the Sun " revival  , "  Holler If Ya Hear Me " is an original , non-biographical story about two friends in the inner-city in the Midwest . Keep ya head up ! Tupac Shakur musical could be headed to Broadway For what it 's worth , the musical takes its title from an autobiographical song by the late rapper off his second solo album , released in 1993 . In the music video , a girl witnesses her father 's death , finds money to buy a gun , and subsequently rallies her young friends to ostensibly avenge his death . The show does not purport to tell the story of Tupac Shakur , but will use his poetic music and lyrics to offer "  a window into the realities of the streets still relevant today . " James Franco , Chris O'Dowd in ` Of Mice and Men ' : See the poster The packed design team includes choreographer Wayne Cilento , set designer David Gallo , costumer Reggie Ray , and lighting designer Mike Baldassari . Shakur 's mother , Afeni , will serve as one of the show 's producers . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A musical featuring the music of rapper Tupac will open on Broadway in June The production , "  Holler If Ya Hear Me , " is an original , non-biographical story The musical takes its title from a song from the late rapper 's second solo album The show wo n't tell the story of Tupac , but will use his music and lyrics
CNN  -- Do you get it ? Translation : Are you strategic ? How often have you overheard a group talking about a leader and saying , "  She/he just does n't get it ? " Do they say that about you ? A Wall Street Journal survey of corporate human resources and leadership-development executives identified "  strategic thinking " as the business skill most sought by organizations . So how can you continually hone your strategic-thinking skills in order to provide value to the organization and advance your career ? The fact is , most of us are now required to be more successful with fewer resources . Let 's focus on the theme that 's at the heart of being strategic : differentiation . In order to realize our full potential , we must embrace the style that makes us unique -- whatever it might be . Is our style quiet and introverted , or outgoing and extroverted ? Do we thrive in an orderly , structured arena , or one that is constantly changing and requires a great deal of flexibility and improvisation ? Success goes to those who are willing to be different in ways that bring value to others . Read more : The army guide to negotiation Excellence , by its very definition , is deviation from the norm . The norm is an average , or a standard level . It 's where the majority of people wind up , even though there is no such thing as a "  normal " human being . Everyone has a unique style built on differences in background , abilities , temperament , and so forth . The difficult thing is uncovering and living that unique style . A manager whose products and services represent the norm for the industry may break even or make a modest profit . A person who lives by following the herd , and who is not willing to take the risks that will let his or her true gifts shine through , may be comfortable . But neither will ever know the exhilaration of finding what differentiates them and letting authenticity drive their individual success . We are all different from one another ; our strategies need to be different as well . Strategy is inherently about doing different things than the competition or doing the same things in different ways than the competition . It 's not about being better , it 's about being different . Better is often subjective : Is blueberry pie better than lemon meringue ? It depends , but it 's definitely different and I can sell you on those differences . Differentiation in the studio British artist Damien Hirst has taken a dramatic approach to art by performing it in a different way . He created a series of artworks in which dead animals  including a shark , a sheep , and a cow  are preserved -- sometimes after having been dissected -- in formaldehyde . While his artwork -- such as "  The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living , " featuring a shark in a tank of formaldehyde -- caused great debate on what is or is not art , one thing ca n't be denied : his ability to differentiate himself and his work through a well-conceived strategy that has jolted the business world of art . Hirst 's different artistic activity has propelled him to become reportedly Britain 's richest living artist , with his wealth valued at nearly $ 350 million . Read more : What 's your career superpower ? Differentiation in the kitchen While Hirst employed different activities in the world of art , award-winning chef Grant Achatz has taken the common activity of cooking and is transforming it in different ways . Named the 2008 top chef in the United States by the James Beard Foundation , he is the owner of Alinea , Restaurant Magazine 's best restaurant in North America in 2011 . Now Achatz has conceived a new concept . His latest restaurant , Next , serves four menus per year , from great moments in culinary history or the future , such as Paris 1912 , Sicily 1949 , and Hong Kong 2036 . Instead of reservations , bookings are made more like those for a play or a sporting event . Tickets are fully inclusive of all charges , including service . Ticket price depends on which seating you buy : Saturday at 8 pm is more expensive than Wednesday at 9:30 pm . Next also offers an annual subscription to all four menus at a discount , with preferred seating . Achatz has taken the common activity of running a restaurant and is constantly finding new ways to do it differently . Discover your differentiation Five questions to help you discover your differentiation this year : 1 . What are the activities I perform that are truly different from those others perform ? 2 . What are the similar activities I perform in different ways than others do ? 3 . What characteristics or traits do I have that are unique to me ? 4 . What resources do I have that are different from those of others ? 5 . What is the primary differentiated value I bring to people in my life ? Most books and training programs only address the first three levels of strategy : corporate , business unit and functional group . In reality , these are all subsets of the most important level of strategy : you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rich Horwath .	"  We must embrace the style that makes us unique , " says Rich Horwath Horwath says everyone has their own unique style that can help their career He asks five questions to help you discover your differentiation
CNN  -- Working in public health for 14 years in Brownsville , Texas , in a border region with poor health conditions , has taught me a lot about how disease threats can get a boost from an unsuspected source . For tuberculosis , this unsuspected source is now diabetes . Tuberculosis is common globally but mistakenly thought of as something that does not affect the United States . It is an airborne , bacterial infection , easily spread by coughing , and it can be fatal . It often lies dormant in the body for many years , and most of the 11 million people in the United States who have the infection are not even aware of it . The only vaccine has limited effectiveness and is not given in the United States . TB continues to have a serious impact in America , with nearly 9,600 cases in 2013 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It is not only an issue on the U.S. border with Mexico ; rather , it is found in every state , with a particular impact in Florida , Texas , California and New York . Drug-resistant varieties pose an alarming threat since the required treatment is so lengthy and often toxic . Today , the biggest risk for tuberculosis is not HIV/AIDS , which led to a surge in cases in the late 1980s , but diabetes . Diabetes impairs the immune system and leaves a person who has been exposed to TB much more likely to develop active disease . Fast facts on tuberculosis This is precisely what we saw when we started to investigate TB in communities on the border with Mexico . The alarm has spread to California and the Pacific Northwest , where 20 % to 30 % of TB cases can be traced to diabetes . TB experts in Florida are also concerned about this phenomenon . Is this on the radar of health providers treating diabetes patients in the United States ? Unfortunately , few are aware of the risk of TB or are looking for it . They are also unaware that the course of TB disease is frequently more severe in patients with diabetes , who do not tolerate TB drugs well . Diabetes patients often have difficulty completing treatment , take longer to be cured and are more likely to relapse , even die , and develop drug-resistant TB . TB physicians in Texas are acutely aware of the problem . One told me about a woman with severe diabetes in her 30s . When exposed to TB , she quickly developed active disease . Despite the best efforts of the medical staff , she was not able to absorb the TB medication due to nausea and vomiting . As a result , her TB became drug-resistant , and she had to undergo a rigorous , two-year ordeal of treatment . Five of her children also became infected , and two had to be treated for active disease . She was cured and survived , but this is not always the case . The dimensions of the problem are truly staggering . Diabetes is an exploding global epidemic , much larger than HIV/AIDS . In India , diabetes has nearly doubled the number of cases of TB . Today , 26 million of the 382 million people with diabetes live in the United States . By 2035 , nearly 600 million people in the world will have diabetes , and by 2050 so will a third of all Americans , according to the International Diabetes Federation and the CDC . Ignoring this new threat could result in a reversal of the decline in TB experienced over recent years . Diabetes took my teeth but not my life So what do we need to do ? We must educate health care providers , patients and communities . All TB patients should be screened for diabetes . Diabetes caregivers and their patients need to be aware of the risk of TB , and patients born in or traveling to neighborhoods or countries where TB is common should be screened . If TB is found , these patients need treatment , along with the support they need to get through the many months of daily medication . We also need strong investment in research and development of TB vaccines , rapid and inexpensive diagnostic methods for both TB and diabetes , and fast-acting , easy-to-take TB medication . Research largely depends on government funding since the pharmaceutical industry shows little interest in TB . Congress has not made TB a priority despite the increasing risk to the public at large . We all know someone with diabetes . Diabetes could reverse the achievements of several decades in TB control , but , if we combine good science , adequate funding and above all , political will , we can get ahead of this looming crisis . We responded slowly to the combined AIDS/TB threat in the 1980s . We need to react faster to the diabetes/TB threat today . Diabetes continues to spread around the world The opinions expressed are solely those of Dr. Susan Fisher-Hoch .	Nearly 9,600 cases of tuberculosis were reported in the U.S. in 2013 Diabetes impairs the immune system and can leave a person vulnerable to TB The rise in diabetes cases is worrisome , especially for tuberculosis , doctor says
New Delhi  CNN  -- Part of a residential building collapsed in central Mumbai on Monday evening , killing four people and injuring six , and rescuers continued to search for others who might be trapped Tuesday morning , officials said . Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte told CNN Tuesday that four people have died and six have been rescued with injuries . He said one wing of a two - or three-story apartment building collapsed in the Mahim district of central Mumbai . "  We are estimating that three to four people are still trapped inside the building , " he said . Fire brigades rushed to the scene , and video showed dozens of rescuers working to clear rubble . Indian media reported that the collapse happened after heavy monsoon rains . Just last week , a vacant building was being torn down in downtown Philadelphia when a four-story wall collapsed onto an adjacent Salvation Army thrift store . The incident left six people dead and 13 others injured . In April , the nine-story Rana Plaza building in Bangladesh collapsed , killing 1,130 people and injuring more than 2,400 . Bangladesh building collapse : An end to recovery efforts , a promise of a new start Harmeet Singh reported from New Delhi ; Sumnima Udas reported from Atlanta .	Collapse of a Mumbai apartment building kills 4 , hurts at least 6 Rescue crews are still searching for people trapped in the rubble , official says The collapse occurred after heavy monsoon rains , Indian media reported
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A form of liquid morphine used by terminally ill patients will remain on the market even though it is an "  unapproved drug , " according to a decision by the Food and Drug Administration . Last month , the FDA warned nine companies to stop selling unapproved pain-relief drugs . After talking with hospital and hospice organizations , which expressed concern that taking the product off the market would result in hardship for terminally ill patients and their caregivers , the agency decided to extend the usage of morphine sulfate oral solution 20 mg/ml . The agency wants to ensure there is no shortage of the drug while patients wait for an approved product to take its place . "  While the FDA remains committed to ultimately ensuring that all prescription drugs on the market are FDA approved , we have to balance that goal with flexibility and compassion for patients who have a few alternatives for the alleviation of their pain , " Dr. Douglas Throckmorton , deputy director of the FDA 's Center for drug Evaluation and Research , said Thursday . "  In light of the concerns raised by these patients and their health-care providers , we have adjusted our actions with regard to these particular products . " Last month , the FDA sent warning letters to nine companies telling them to stop manufacturing 14 unapproved narcotics that are widely used to treat pain . Seven of those companies made or distributed the oral morphine . The morphine elixir is widely used by terminal patients in hospital and home hospice care settings and is manufactured by Lehigh Valley Technologies Inc. , Mallinckrodt Inc. . Pharmaceuticals Group , Boehringer Ingelheim Roxane Inc. and Cody Laboratories , Inc. . In its warning letter last month , the agency gave the companies 60 days to stop manufacturing the drug before enforcement action was taken . Thursday 's announcement did not prompt immediate reactions from the companies . A spokesman for Cody Laboratories said the firm did not have all the details of the decision . Other companies did not immediately return calls from CNN . The FDA estimates there are several thousand drugs , mostly older products , marketed illegally without FDA approval in this country . Once an illegally marketed drug is identified , enforcement action begins because the agency does not have information on the quality of these drugs and has not had an opportunity to approve their labeling . In 1976 the agency began a program to bring companies manufacturing these drugs into compliance . Thursday 's announcement applies only to the morphine sulfate elixir 20mg/ml , and the warning letters sent to the other product manufacturers are still in effect . Currently there are no approved morphine sulfate oral solution 20mg/ml products on the market . Until there are , the FDA says it will allow companies making and distributing the unapproved drugs to continue , until 180 days after any company receives approval to manufacture a new morphine replacement drug of the same dosage . The FDA says it expects all companies marketing unapproved drugs to submit the necessary applications to get approval for those drugs .	FDA decides to extend the usage of morphine sulfate oral solution 20 mg/ml Hospital , hospice groups had said pulling drug would cause hardship FDA said until alternatives are developed , easing of pain must remain a priority FDA estimates several thousand drugs marketed without approval
CNN  -- A British report issued Thursday called for "  decisive action " to contain the growing problem of piracy off the coast of Somalia . "  We conclude that for too long there has been a noticeable gap between the government 's rhetoric and its action , " said the 210-page report , issued by the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee . "  Despite nine U.N. Security Council resolutions and three multinational naval operations , the counter-piracy policy has had limited impact . The number of attacks , the costs to the industry and the price of the ransoms have all increased significantly since 2007 . " Over the past four years , the average ransom has risen from $ 600,000 to $ 4.7 million per vessel , with 2011 's total outlay reaching $ 135 million , the report said . Those payments "  should be a matter of deep concern to the British government and to the entire international maritime community , " said the report , which described the government as "  disappointingly slow to track financial flows from piracy . " Though some ships have begun taking "  more robust " measures to defend themselves , pirates still face few repercussions for their actions , it said . In those cases where pirates are detained , some 90 % are released without charge , it said , noting that there is no reason why Britain could not assert jurisdiction over suspected pirates . Simply returning suspected pirates to their boats or to land "  provides little long-term deterrence and has demonstrably failed to prevent annual increases in both the number of pirates going to sea and in the number of attacks . " The report cited Saferworld , a nongovernmental organization that works with grass-roots organizations in Somalia , in estimating that 1,500 to 3,000 pirates operate off Somalia 's coast . They typically range in age from 15 to 30 and are almost all male , uneducated and unskilled -- many of them from rural areas , it said . They often carry small arms and travel in one or two skiffs , the report said , citing Capt. David Reindorp , head of the Defense Crisis Management Center at the Ministry of Defense , as its source . "  They will maneuver one of the skiffs to come alongside the vessel and they will throw up a line on a hook , a grappling rope or some form of apparatus by which they can climb up on to the freeboard of the ship . If they are detected during that , they will usually fire at the ship , generally in and around the bridge , aiming either to get the master to slow down or to clear their way on to the freeboard . Once they have got on to the ship , they will proceed to the bridge and take it over . " Negotiations are typically carried out by satellite phone and usually take three months to a year , it said . Pirates have begun working from larger vessels , mother ships , which are stocked with food and fuel and have extended the areas vulnerable to attack , it said . Though most hostages are released unharmed , 15 died last year , it said . Over the past four years , 3,500 seafarers have been taken hostage and 62 have been killed , it said . The report applauded the government 's practice of using a number of different departments to tackle the problem , but said it "  lacks clear leadership " and urged the government to "  provide a statement clarifying which department has the overall lead on countering piracy . " There is no lack of targets . Some 90 % of the world 's traded materials are shipped by sea , and 40 % of that -- 28,000 ships per year -- goes through the Indian Ocean , Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea , the report said . The report put the annual cost of piracy -- including insurance , prosecutions , security and ransoms -- at $ 7 billion to $ 12 billion . In a statement , Foreign Secretary William Hague said the report will be discussed next month at a meeting in London . "  We will use the London Conference on Somalia to chart a way forward on the future political direction of Somalia , the vital humanitarian effort and the international community 's approach to tackling piracy . "	There is "  gap between the government 's rhetoric and its action , " the report says The average ransom has risen from $ 600,000 to $ 4.7 million per vessel in four years Report is issued by the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee
In a daring operation worthy of a movie , three men escaped from a Canadian jail by helicopter , prompting a massive manhunt , authorities said . The men escaped from a detention center Saturday night in Quebec City . "  A helicopter touched down briefly in the courtyard before taking off with the three prisoners , " said Ann Mathieu , a spokeswoman for Quebec Provincial Police . "  We are talking closely with the detention center to figure out exactly how the escape transpired , " Mathieu told CNN partner CBC . "  The priority ... is to find the helicopter . " A manhunt is under way for Yves Denis Yvon Lamontagne , 35 , Denis Lefebvre , 53 , and Serge Pomerleau , 49 . The first two men were arrested in a drug bust in 2010 and were awaiting trial . Police found weapons , dozens of cars and a plane during the bust , it said . There was no information provided on the third suspect . It marks the second brazen jail escape in Canada in a little more than a year . In March 2013 , two men posing as tourists commandeered a helicopter from a Canadian tour company , ordered the pilot to fly over a detention center near Montreal , hoisted two inmates into the hovering aircraft using cables -- and zipped away . It was a real "  James Bond moment , " witness Francis Emond said about last year 's escape from the facility in Saint-Jerome , northwest of Montreal . While spectacular , airborne escapes are not unprecedented . Albanian inmate Alket Rizaj broke out of a maximum security prison in Greece twice -- in 2006 and 2009 . On both occasions , accomplices swooped in to the prison 's courtyard on helicopters . Inmates then climbed aboard using rope ladders . Both times , Rizaj was recaptured . Last year , another prison escape in Greece tried to use the same tactic . But the plot was foiled when the prisoner was shot and the chopper was forced to land on the prison parking lot . In 1971 , Joel David Kaplan escaped from a Mexican jail aboard a helicopter . The New Yorker 's flight inspired the book "  The 10-Second Jailbreak : The Helicopter Escape of Joel David Kaplan " and the 1975 movie "  Breakout . " And in France , Pascal Payet escaped not once , not twice , but three times from French prisons . Each time , he was recaptured . Oklahoma jail shower escapees captured Arizona jailbird escapes to meet his girlfriend for Valentine 's Day	Police say helicopter took off with three prisoners in Quebec City The men escaped from the detention center Saturday night Authorities are trying to get details on what happened It 's the second brazen jail escape in Canada in a little over a year
San Diego  CNN  -- In my CNN.com column last week , I wrote that the first thing a candidate running for office needs to know about Latino voters is that they value nothing more than respect . Here 's the second thing : It 's not respectful to lump together Latino U.S. citizens with Latino illegal immigrants . Not all Latinos in the United States arrived here five minutes ago . In fact , some of us come from families who have been here for five generations . And there are those in the state of New Mexico who can trace their roots in the Southwest back several hundred years . This message is not getting through . Just look at the comments posted at CNN.com in response to my column , which was about Latino citizens who can vote . Many readers thought that I was demanding respect for illegal immigrants who ca n't vote : "  How about the illegals start respecting our laws first off ? Then we 'll talk . " -- ThirdeyeWO "  I will respect them once they stop stealing money and jobs from the US citizen ... Anotherwords  sic  they need to go back to Mexico ... Leave Now and you may get a little respect , until then you are the enemey  sic  of the american  sic  worker and taxpayer !!!!! " -- GopUSA "  I have zero respect for the arrogant , self centered , disrespectful display of illegal foreigners marching and yelling - in SPANISH - in the streets of MY COUNTRY demanding MY RIGHTS that they have not earned and are not entitled to ! " - For "  Want respect ? Earn it by obeying the laws of our country , even the immigration laws ! " -- Robbery In my e-mail in-box , there was more of the same : "  Respect is something one EARNS . The Latino voter needs to RESPECT this country and not use it as an ATM to send money to their families in Mexico . Latino voters need to speak and understand the ENGLISH language because that is how business is transacted . Latino voters need to respect the rules and laws in this country and not demand bilingual education and ballots and drivers manuals in Spanish ... " - Pat P. "  Are you saying that because Latinos contribute to the economy , deserve respect and are family-centric , everything else does n't matter , even if they are here illegally ? ... This is the issue I see coming up with some who advocate for illegal immigrants : a lack of respect for our country 's laws ... " -- Bill C. "  In response to your recent CNN articles , I am 100 % against everything you stand for ... I do n't respect illegals , and I certainly want our president , weak as he may be , to continue to deport each and every illegal and every child of every illegal . Drivers licenses and tuition for illegals ?! ... You 're in MY country . Adapt . If you want respect , adapt to OUR ways ... " - Lawrence F. I 'm always amazed when I see comments like these . People are pretty worked up over the growth of the Latino community and the role that immigration played in fueling it . Many of them can talk your ear off about that . And yet , not many of them seem to know any flesh-and-blood Latinos . If they did , they would know how ridiculous it is to treat U.S. citizens and illegal immigrants as if they are one and the same . Besides , they seem to put a lot of stock in what it means to be an American . So should n't they be able to recognize Americans when they see them ? There is some good news , though . Some readers figured out the difference between U.S Latino citizens and illegal immigrants and tried to explain it to others : "  Just for the record , not every Latino in America is illegal . Please stop combining us with the minority that came here illegally . I 'm sick of being told off for ` being illegal ' just because I 'm Hispanic . My family has been here since the 1600s thank you very much . Longer than most people 's families that tell me to ` go back to Mexico . ' Ironic is n't it ? " - Iblink Ah , yes . Go back to Mexico . In the 20 years that I 've written about immigration , I 've been told that hundreds of times . I do n't suppose it has anything to do with being Mexican-American ? Apparently , I 'm not the only one hearing it . Someone has even taken the experience and put it to music . The result is a profound and provocative song called "  Somos Mas Americanos " from one of my favorite Mexican bands , Los Tigres del Norte . It goes like this : "  They have shouted at me a thousand times that I should go back to my country ... Because there 's no room for me here ... I want to remind the gringos : I did n't cross the border , the border crossed me ... And they can call me "  invader . " That 's a very frequent mistake ... If we take into account centuries ... even if it bothers our neighbors ... We are more American . . Than all of the gringos ... " Noting that "  America " is actually made up of three continents and not just one , the lyrics declare that -- in reality -- Mexicans have been "  Americans " longer than the descendants of European immigrants . In that sense , Mexican immigrants to the United States are more American than the folks trying to keep them out . So there . If that sounds harsh , then so be it . A song like this is born of anger , frustration and righteous indignation . Imagine being treated like a second-class citizen on your own home turf . It does get tiresome . I was born in the United States . The same goes for my parents , three grandparents , and half of my great-grandparents . And I 'm supposed to "  go back to Mexico " ? What ? You mean on vacation ? Great idea . Puerto Vallarta is lovely this time of year . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Do n't lump together Latino U.S. citizens with Latino illegal immigrants Navarrette : Not all Latinos in the United States arrived here five minutes ago He says many readers mistakenly thought he demanded respect for illegal immigrants Navarrette : Some Latinos have been "  American " longer than the descendents of Europeans
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. and other intelligence agencies recently broke up a plot to bomb an airliner and have seized an explosive device that is similar to ones previously used by al Qaeda , officials said Monday . The plot was discovered before it threatened any Americans , and no airliners were at risk , one U.S. counterterrorism official said . A nonmetallic explosive device like the one used in the failed attempt to bomb a Detroit-bound jet in 2009 was recovered , the official said , adding that it was meant for use by a suicide bomber . A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said authorities have "  no specific , credible information regarding an active terrorist plot against the U.S. at this time , " although they continue to monitor efforts to carry out such attacks . President Barack Obama was told about the plot in April , and the attempt "  underscores the necessity of remaining vigilant against terrorism here and abroad , " the White House said . The threat was foiled around the same time as the anniversary of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , although a second U.S. counterterrorism official said the attempted attack was not timed to coincide with the death of the al Qaeda leader . "  What this incident makes clear is that this country has to continue to remain vigilant against those that would seek to attack this country . And we will do everything necessary to keep America safe , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta soon after news of the plot broke . The FBI said it is conducting technical and forensic analysis on the improvised explosive device that was seized abroad . The device is similar to others previously used by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , which Western officials describe as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate , the FBI said . The device was meant to be put on a U.S.-bound airline , U.S. Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The New York Republican said discovery of the bomb plot is just one part of an ongoing operation . "  It 's not over as far as the operation itself , which is why you 're seeing very few details being given out , " he said . Both King and a senior administration official said the intended user of the bomb is no longer a threat . The recovered device , which never made it near an airport or airplane , was not built to be a so-called body bomb , the official said . "  AQAP is the responsible group here , " said a different senior U.S. official . "  While similar , a preliminary review of this device shows that it has some significant differences from the device used in the Christmas Day attack . It is clear that AQAP is revamping its bomb techniques to try to avoid the causes of the failure of the 2009 device , " the official said , referring to the Detroit incident . U.S. officials believe AQAP has more than 1,000 members in Yemen and connections to al Qaeda leadership in Pakistan . The Yemen affiliate has been behind two of the most audacious attempts to target the United States in recent years : the attempted 2009 bombing and the printer bombs loaded onto cargo planes in 2010 and destined for an address in Chicago . In both cases , U.S. authorities believe the bombs were built by Ibrahim al-Asiri . Both devices contained a main charge of PETN , a white powdery explosive that conventional "  single beam " X-ray machines are rarely able to detect . In 2009 , al-Asiri fitted out his own brother , Abdullah al-Asiri , with a PETN-based underwear bomb to kill Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , a top Saudi security official . The device killed his brother instantly but failed to kill its target . Senior al Qaeda operative killed by airstrike in Yemen The government of Yemen has been fighting AQAP for years , with mixed results . On Sunday , a senior AQAP operative wanted for his role in the USS Cole bombing was killed by an airstrike in Yemen , officials said . Fahd al Quso , 37 , was killed while riding in a vehicle in the Rafdh district in Shabwa province . He was hit by a CIA drone strike , U.S. officials told CNN . The weekend attack plus the foiled airline plot delivered a "  one-two punch " against AQAP , said the senior administration official . "  This was a key victory for us . It also reminds us , though , that this war is not going to end in Afghanistan . Al Qaeda has metastasized and morphed . And they are constantly attempting to find new ways to get at us , " said King . CNN 's National Security Contributor Fran Townsend , Elise Labott and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Device was meant to be put on a U.S.-bound airline , says U.S. Rep. Peter King The intended user of the bomb in no longer a threat , officials says A senior U.S. official says the device points to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula The device was seized abroad , and the plot was discovered before it threatened any airliners
CNN  -- The FBI was investigating after a dead newborn baby was found onboard a Carnival cruise ship , authorities said Sunday . The baby was found by a Carnival Dream crew member Wednesday morning in a guest cabin , said Special Agent Dave Couvertier , spokesman for the FBI field office in Tampa , Florida . Carnival personnel reported the discovery to Dutch authorities on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten , where the ship was docked . Dutch authorities took custody of the infant 's body and interviewed the 20-year-old mother , an American passenger , Couvertier said in an e-mail . The FBI was coordinating with Carnival Cruise Lines , he said , adding the company has been "  fully cooperative . " The FBI 's Evidence Response team was activated Saturday when the ship returned to Port Canaveral , Florida , he said . Agents processed and searched two guest cabins and interviewed crew members and passengers . "  Due to the international and jurisdictional aspects involved with this incident , we are still working on obtaining facts and specific details , " Couvertier said . "  No one has been charged as we are still working on obtaining facts and gathering any available evidence . As a result , no information has been released regarding any suspect at this time . " The baby 's mother remained in St. Maarten and is expected to return to the United States within the next 24 hours , Couvertier said Sunday . The FBI was coordinating with Dutch authorities . -- CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	The baby was found on board the Carnival Dream The 20-year-old mother was interviewed by authorities on St. Maarten The ship has returned to Port Canaveral , Florida
CNN  -- Kwame Nkrumah-Acheampong , or the "  Snow Leopard " as he has been dubbed , is making his final preparations for the Winter Olympics in Vancouver . A skier preparing to take part in the Games at this point in the calendar is not the most sensational news , until it is understood the 31-year-old grew up in Accra , Ghana  where the annual average temperature is around 79 degrees Fahrenheit  and learnt to ski only six years ago on a dry slope . Nkrumah-Acheampong hopes his remarkable and unconventional rise to prominence -- he achieved the strict qualifying criteria set by the world governing body of his sport from his training base at an artificial snow dome in Milton Keynes , England , where he was a former employee -- can act as inspiration to his countrymen . "  The response that I get from emails and phone calls , that more people are going to come into snow sports , that 's what I 'm hoping to achieve and 10 years from now Ghana should have a ski racer who is 10 times better than me , " he told CNN . The "  Snow Leopard " first sprung to prominence after announcing his intention to qualify and compete in the downhill at the Turin Winter Olympics in 2006 , despite only having taken up the sport in 2003 . "  It took 30 minutes for me to be able to just go in a straight line , slow myself down and stop , and the instructor who was my friend , told me : ` You know something , just go and train yourself now , just carry on . ' And that 's when I started falling down , " he said . After becoming hooked on downhill and pleased with his natural ability he set about trying to qualify -- a feat that involved traveling around the world . He narrowly missed qualifying for the Turin-based Games but came back stronger to insure his place in Canada , an achievement the 34-year-old is exceptionally proud of . "  I think it was like sending a Ghanaian to the moon , -LSB- but -RSB- apart from it being really cool -- I still wake up and still think to myself -- this is going to be really tough , people are going to be watching you -- you ca n't just go to the Olympics and just have fun , " he added . The father of two will compete in two events , the giant slalom and slalom , and is anxious not to be a figure of fun like British ski-jumper Eddie "  The Eagle " Edwards , who notoriously captured the headlines at the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary . He prefers to take his cue from the Jamaican bob sleigh team who also competed in Calgary and inspired the popular film "  Cool Runnings " . "  The Jamaican bob sleigh team did actually try really hard to have really fast push off times , really moving down the course -- not all the factors were right for them -- and they crashed -- if they did n't crash , they would have done a really good time , " he said . "  So I love being compared to Cool Runnings but not Eddie the "  Eagle " or Eric the "  Eel "  swimmer from Equatorial Guinea  because to me , sports is a serious thing . "  If you want to be a sportsman , be a sportsman . If you want to have fun then do sports for leisure . Do n't take the seriousness of sport and make a mockery of it . " There is another serious point to the Ghanaian 's participation , his efforts on behalf of the charity which attempts to protect the rare animal from which he gleans his nickname . "  I 'm working with the Snow Leopard Trust , they protect the endangered snow leopard , " he said . "  I 'm also working with Sabre which is a registered charity in Britain , taking kids in tough areas out of London and out to the Alps , showing them a different side to life . " Nkrumah - Acheampong 's ambition is to return with his family , who live in Milton Keynes , to Ghana and to open a dry ski slope . In the meantime , his attentions are fully on next month where he will pit his skills against the likes of Bode Miller and Benjamin Raich . "  I do n't just want to get down , but ski well and not come at the bottom of the table , " he said .	Winter Games appearance comes only six years after first ski run on a dry slope Dream of taking part is similar to sending a Ghanaian "  to the moon " says Acheampong 34-year-old supports a charity which attempts to protect the rare snow leopard
CNN Student News  -- October 30 , 2013 How did President Vladimir Putin respond to concerns about a controversial Russian law 's possible impact on the 2014 Winter Olympics ? Why is a U.S. senator planning to block White House nominations ? Which continents are connected by a new , undersea railway tunnel ? Get all the answers in Wednesday 's edition of CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : When might a statement by a world leader make international news ? What criteria might news producers use in deciding whether to cover it ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . advice and consent 2 . Silk Road 3 . vital signs Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How does "  advice and consent " apply in the U.S. government ? What action is a U.S. senator threatening to take regarding presidential nominees ? Why ? 2 . Why was a tunnel built under the Bosphorus Strait ? According to the report , what features of this tunnel help reduce the effects of seismic activity ? 3 . How does the trauma patient simulator seen in the video work ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think that the controversy surrounding Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law will have an impact on the 2014 Winter Olympic Games ? Why or why not ? 2 . Why do you think the U.S. Founding Fathers gave the Senate oversight of presidential appointments ? What differing perspectives might people have on a senator 's plans regarding Senate confirmation hearings ? What is your opinion ? 3 . In what ways might the medical simulation seen in the report be similar to a real-life situation ? How might it be different ? Can you think of other fields in which a real-time simulator might be useful ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Russia Turkey FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- An American-born man accused of posting an online attack against the creators of the animated TV series "  South Park " due to a depiction of the Prophet Mohammed agreed to plead guilty Wednesday to providing material support to terrorists and other charges . Under the agreement announced in federal court , Zachary Chesser , 20 , also pleaded guilty to charges of communicating threats and soliciting crimes of violence . The three charges carry a total maximum prison sentence of 30 years , and U.S. District Judge Liam O'Grady told Wednesday 's court hearing that Chesser 's defense agreed to a sentence of at least 20 years for acts "  intended to promote a federal crime of terrorism . " O'Grady accepted the plea agreement and declared Chesser guilty as charged , setting the sentencing for February 25 , 2011 . Chesser , dressed in a green prison jumpsuit with the word "  prisoner " stenciled on the back , answered questions from the judge but made no statement . His once-long hair had been cut short . Michael Nachmanoff , Chesser 's federal public defender , said the case was different from other recent terrorism cases . "  Mr. Chesser has renounced violent jihad , " Nachmanoff said . "  He has accepted responsibility and is deeply remorseful . He is a young man who has taken the first steps towards putting his life back together . You saw one of those first steps today . " As part of the plea agreement , federal authorities agreed not to seek charges of aiding and abetting against Chesser 's wife - Proscovia Kampire Nzabanita . She already is charged with making a false statement , which carries a sentence of up to five years in prison upon conviction . The couple has an infant son . During the half-hour hearing , Chesser 's defense said federal prosecutors agreed not to request that Chesser serve his time in the federal "  supermax " prison in Colorado . Chesser , a convert to Islam , is accused of posting an online attack against the creators of the animated TV series "  South Park , " as well as information on explosives meant to be used to kill civilians . Prosecutors also say Chesser , of Fairfax County , Virginia , had exchanged e-mails with Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , whose name has been linked to an attack and an attempted attack on the United States . Chesser was questioned in 2009 about his internet postings and e-mail communications with al-Awlaki . U.S. officials revealed that they had been staging court-ordered electronic surveillance of Chesser . In April , Chesser , who also goes by the name Abu Talhah al Amrikee , authored a post on a radical Islamic website that included a warning to the creators of "  South Park " after an episode of the cartoon series depicted the Prophet Mohammed in a bear suit . The posting on Revolutionmuslim.com says : "  We have to warn Matt -LSB- Stone -RSB- and Trey -LSB- Parker -RSB- that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo van Gogh for airing this show . This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . " Van Gogh , a Dutch filmmaker , was murdered by an Islamic extremist in 2004 after making a short documentary on violence against women in some Islamic societies . The internet posting features a graphic photograph of van Gogh with his throat cut and a dagger in his chest . The entry goes on to advise readers : "  You can contact them -LSB- the makers of "  South Park " -RSB- , or pay Comedy Central or their own company a visit at these addresses ... " and lists Comedy Central 's New York address and the Los Angeles , California , address of Parker and Stone 's production company . Chesser told CNN at the time that providing the addresses was not intended as a threat but to give people the opportunity to protest . An affidavit from prosecutors details other videos and postings from Chesser , including a link to an Army Ranger handbook with information on explosive devices and a post about "  desensitizing " police by leaving fake suspicious bags around in public places . An FBI agent who spoke with Chesser on July 14 said that "  Chesser stated that he was an influential person in the Jihadi community , and could be considered one of the top individuals in this area . " Chesser tried to fly to Uganda on July 10 and then on to Somalia . According to an affidavit , he tried to take his infant son with him , telling his wife it was part of his "  cover " to make it less likely anyone would suspect he was trying to go to Somalia to join the militant group Al-Shabaab . The court documents said Chesser was not allowed to depart the country July 10 but was told by the airline he was on the "  no-fly list " and was questioned by a Secret Service agent . He was not arrested , and according to the documents , he contacted an FBI agent and said he wanted to provide information about Al-Shabaab . In subsequent interviews with the FBI , Chesser allegedly said he had been in contact with Al-Shabaab , felt that he would have no problem joining the group when he reached Somalia and knew it had been designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. government . Court documents say Chesser thought that after training , he would be placed in the group 's media branch but that people in that position still engage in fighting . Chesser was arrested on July 21 . A search of Chesser 's home uncovered a handwritten note called "  How to Destroy the West " that contained a bulleted list of activities . "  Under the attacks on personnel , " the affidavit said , Chesser wrote "  put out a message to the Muslims to go buy guns and kill soldiers " and "  Fill a tanker with explosives and Ricin , " a toxic protein extracted from castor beans . CNN 's Tom Cohen and William Mears contributed to this story .	Prosecutors agree not to ask for Zachary Chesser to serve time in "  supermax " prison Chesser 's lawyer says he has renounced violent jihad Chesser could receive up to 30 years in prison at February 25 sentencing Judge says defense agrees to a sentence of at least 20 years
CNN  -- AC Milan and Roma played out a goalless draw in Italy 's Serie A in a result which does little to enhance the title ambitions of neither side . The result left Inter Milan three points clear at the top of the table and they will be able to increase that lead to six if they claim victory over Genoa at the San Siro on Sunday night . Roma began the brighter of the two sides and Cristian Abiatti saved well from a Julio Baptista shot while Daniele De Rossi screwed a shot wide when well placed . The visitors were much improved after the half-time break and controlled possession but were unable to create many chances although Marco Borriello squandered a good chance when he opted to shoot instead of passing to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar . John-Arne Riise 's dangerous cross was met by the head of Mirko Vucinic in the 74th minute but the Montenegro striker was unable to direct his attempt on goal . Brazilian Ronaldinho also went close with a header from David Beckham 's cross in the dying stages as the match ended in a stalemate . In Saturday 's other game Juventus moved back into the top four in Serie A thanks to a narrow 2-1 victory over Fiorentina at the Stadio Artemio Franchi . The Turin giants were under pressure following a defeat to Palermo last weekend and coach Alberto Zaccheroni got the response he requested from his players . Juventus took the lead through Brazilian playmaker Diego in only the second minute of the game when he took the ball round Fiorentina goalkeeper Sebastian Frey and fired home after collecting an intelligent through-ball from Antonio Candreva . Fiorentina responded positively and gained a deserved equalizer when former Juventus midfielder Marco Marchionni headed past stand-in goalkeeper Alex Manninger in the 32nd minute . Marchionni then missed a chance to put his side ahead moments before the break when he fired a shot when well placed inside the penalty area . Juventus improved after the interval and David Trezeguet tested Frey with a volley before the visitors took the lead for the second time in the 68th minute when Fabio Grosso crashed a shot into the top corner . Zaccheroni 's side could have extended their advantage in injury time but a superb double save from Frey denied Claudio Marchisio .	AC Milan and Roma played out a goalless draw in Italy 's Serie A Juventus moved back into the top four in Serie A thanks to a narrow win over Fiorentina Diego and midfielder Marco Marchionni grabbed the goals for Alberto Zaccheroni 's side .
CNN  -- Iran 's bid for a record fourth Asian Cup final title began with a 2-1 victory over neighbors Iraq in Qatar on Tuesday , thanks to a late goalkeeping error by the defending champions ' Mohammed Kassid . Kassid completely misjudged a dipping free-kick from out on the left by Iman Mobali , which bounced in front of him and appeared to go through his legs in the 84th minute . One of the fiercest rivalries in world football produced a relatively low-key affair , with the booking received by Iraq substitute Samer Saeed that led to the goal being the only yellow card brandished by Uzbekistan referee Ravshan Irmatov . Iran made the worst possible start in the long-awaited pivotal match in Group D when conceding the opening goal against the run of play in the 12th minute . An ominous sign ahead of the 2022 World Cup ? Iraq skipper Younis Mahmoud , the player of the tournament four years ago after netting the only goal of the final against Saudi Arabia , was credited with the score after ramming the ball home from right on the line after Emad Mohammed 's header back across the box appeared to be heading in anyway . However , Iran leveled three minutes before halftime when Gholam Reza Rezai beat the offside trap to collect Andranik Teymourian 's clever pass into the penalty area and beat goalkeeper Kassid for his ninth international goal . Pitch warfare : Iran take on Iraq The Iranians could not make their dominance count until Kassid 's mistake , with Rezai coming closest to scoring shortly before that lapse when he hit the sidenetting . Al-Rayyan Stadium was barely half-full for a match between nations at war from 1980-88 , with a brief period of silence before the kickoff in honor of the77 people who died in Iran after a plane crash on Sunday . "  When these two teams play each other there 's so much rivalry and history , so it 's very difficult to get the players to concentrate and focus on football and it becomes a fighting game , " Iran coach Afshin Ghotbi said in quotes reported by the AFP news agency . "  I was very happy my players were able to concentrate and could get this very special three points . " North Korea and the United Arab Emirates earlier kicked off the Group D schedule with a 0-0 draw at the Qatar Sports Club in match between teams ranked 105th and 108th in the world respectively . Captain Hong Yong-Jo missed an eighth-minute penalty for the Koreans , who qualified for the 2010 World Cup but lost all three matches , after Hamdan Al Kamali fouled Germany-based striker Jong Tae-Se . Five football matches that changed the world The Middle Eastern side , runners-up when hosts in 1996 , went on to dominate the game after Hong 's spotkick hit the bar but could not beat goalkeeper Ri Myong-Guk . The U.A.E. had won their only previous Asian Cup encounter in 1992 -- the communist country 's last Asian Cup appearance , and second since it began in 1956 . "  We did n't play well . It was our first match and the players showed about 80 % of their skills , " said North Korea coach Jo Tong-Sop , who took over from Kim Jong-Hun after the World Cup . "  After failing the penalty shot , it became psychologically tough for our players as they became nervous . " Qatar welcomes half the world Meanwhile , Saudi Arabia have brought back Nasser Al Johar for a fifth stint as national coach ahead of Thursday 's second Group B clash with Jordan . Portugal 's Jose Peseiro was sacked after the shock 2-1 defeat by Syria on Sunday . Peseiro replaced Al Johar in 2009 when the Green Falcons failed to qualify for last year 's World Cup .	Mohammed Kassid 's late error gives three-time Asian Cup winners Iran a winning start Defending champions Iraq took an early lead but lost 2-1 in Tuesday 's second Group D tie North Korea drew 0-0 with United Arab Emirates in the day 's first match in Qatar The Koreans ' captain Hong Yong-Jo missed an eighth-minute penalty
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has called a high-level judiciary meeting to discuss the case of a rape victim who was jailed because of the attack and has agreed to marry the rapist to get out of prison and legitimize her daughter , the president 's spokesman said Monday . The meeting , scheduled for Thursday in Kabul , was called in reaction to a petition with nearly 5,000 signatures and media inquiries about the case , said Karzai spokesman Aimal Faizi . The woman was sentenced to 12 years in prison after she approached authorities to report that her cousin 's husband had raped her two years ago . CNN is identifying her only as Gulnaz to protect her identity . She did not immediately report the attack , fearing reprisals from elements of Afghanistan 's conservative society and was sentenced to prison for adultery because her attacker was married at the time . Her sentence was later reduced to three years . A spokesman for the attorney general , Rahmatullah Naziri , told CNN last week that while the original sentence for adultery was reduced , she had failed to report her rape quickly enough and would have to serve further time in jail for that offense . She is now raising her daughter in jail and has agreed to marry her attacker in order to be released and legitimize her daughter . She also fears attack from her rapist 's relatives , something he denies is a risk . Kim Motley , a lawyer for 21-year-old Gulnaz , said the petition gathered 4,751 names in about 48 hours . The palace received the petition on Sunday , she said . It comes with an official plea for clemency addressed to the president , who has the power to immediately pardon Gulnaz . Her plight gained international attention when the European Union blocked the broadcast of a documentary made about her ordeal saying that it would further jeopardize her safety . The U.S. State Department , while not explicitly calling for Gulnaz 's release , said Thursday that "  Gulnaz 's situation is one no woman should have to face " and called on prosecutors to uphold the law and Gulnaz 's rights .	Afghanistan 's president calls high-level judiciary meeting to discuss rape victim 's case A petition calling for clemency for the woman prompted the meeting , a spokesman says
CNN  -- All four people found dead inside tennis great James Blake 's burning mansion had been shot , investigators said Thursday . Blake was not at the Florida home at the time of the blaze Wednesday and was leasing out the property , Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Col. Donna Lusczynski told reporters . The medical examiner is working to determine the cause of death for two adults and two teenagers , apparently from the same family , Lusczynski said . Authorities have n't identified the victims , but they say Darrin and Kimberly Campbell lived in the house with their children , Megan and Colin . The Campbells had been renting the 5,800-square-foot house from Blake for the past two years . Investigators found fireworks throughout the home , and a surveillance video obtained by CNN shows a man believed to be Darrin Campbell inside a Phantom Fireworks store in Tampa , Florida , on Sunday , buying about $ 600 worth of fireworks . He walks out of the store with one cart , and an employee seems to help him out with a second . He bought several gas cans that same day at a home improvement store , and a firearm registered to him was found in the residence , Lusczynski added . On Wednesday , Lusczynski said the fire had been "  started intentionally by an unknown accelerant . " The Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office would not elaborate on what they believe happened or on a possible motive . But investigators say they are not searching for a suspect . Firefighters first learned of the blaze in a 911 call around 5:45 a.m. Wednesday reporting an explosion and flames . Blake , 34 , born in Yonkers , New York , starred at Harvard before breaking into professional tennis . He peaked at No. 4 in the world rankings in November 2006 , according to his ATP World Tour profile . He retired from the sport last year , and remains active with his namesake foundation and Thomas Blake Sr. . Memorial Research Fund to support research at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Sheriff 's official : The father had bought a large amount of fireworks A 911 call reports an explosion , flames at a Tampa home A sheriff 's colonel says 2 adults , 2 teens were shot ; cause of death is being determined The home belonged to former pro tennis player James Blake , who was leasing it out
CNN  -- William Whitaker is certain that somebody in the central Oklahoman community where he lives knows who killed his daughter . Taylor Paschal-Placker , left , and Skyla Jade Whitaker were found shot to death along an Oklahoma road a year ago . The dirt road where the bodies of 11-year-old Skyla Jade Whitaker and Taylor Paschal-Placker , 13 , were found is too remote for the killings to be the work of a stranger passing through , he says . "  There 's absolutely no way that somebody from out of the area could 've just stumbled upon the place , " Whitaker said . "  I know whoever did it told somebody , whether they were drinking or bragging or whatever , and whoever knows just needs to bring the information forward . " It has been a year since the two friends were shot multiple times in the stomach and chest less than a half a mile from Taylor 's home in the rural community of Weleetka , with a population just over 1,000 . "  Taylor was shot five times . My daughter was shot eight times . Thirteen shots between two little girls who never did anything to anyone , " Whitaker said . "  I do n't know how a person can go to work , eat or sleep knowing what they did . I could n't live with that on my conscience , but they 've been doing it for a year now . " Watch father plead for answers in killings " In the beginning , hundreds of tips poured in . Authorities pursued leads and analyzed evidence , but a year later , they have no suspects or witnesses leading them to any viable conclusions . Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation spokesperson Jessica Brown said during a press conference Monday that authorities have "  good evidence " in the case but lack the final piece to make an arrest . "  If we could get this one piece of evidence that would help solve this case , that 's what we need , " Brown said Monday . Investigators believe that the killer or killers could be from Okfuskee County , or that a member of the community knows something about what happened to the girls the afternoon of June 4 , 2008 . "  What we are frustrated about is the lack of cooperation we 're getting from members of the public , " Brown said . She stressed Monday that a $ 36,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to a conviction . The girls were shot with two different guns , leading to the possibility that two people were involved , Brown said . The OSBI released a sketch of a person wanted for questioning last year , but they have not received information leading to him , she said . But the killings remain fresh in the minds of Oklahomans . A billboard with the girls ' faces and a tip hotline has loomed over Interstate 40 for several months . A memorial service was planned for Monday in Weleetka to mark the anniversary . "  I ca n't go to the dry cleaners , the gym without people asking me , ` what 's going on with those two girls ? ' Everyone in Oklahoma is emotionally involved in this case , and I think it 's because it happened to two small children in an area you would n't think you 'd ever have to worry about , " Brown said . The same posters adorn storefronts and bulletin boards in banks , restaurants and post offices throughout Okfuskee County , a sparsely populated manufacturing region best known as the birthplace of songwriter Woody Guthrie . Weleetka Police Officer Stacey Rice will never forget the image of the dead girls . He was the second officer on the scene after a relative called 911 around 5:30 p.m. that day . "  I really hope I never see anything like that again . It 's just emotionally and visually traumatic . You see two small children lying on the ground like that and it 's kind of hard to explain . Makes you want to go find your children , " said Rice , a father of two teenage boys . "  It took me several minutes to realize what happened , but after a while , it kind of sank in , and that 's when emotions started running ... anger , lots of anger , sadness , disbelief . Nobody wanted to believe what had happened . " The incident stripped the small , close-knit community of its innocence as people came to realize that they were n't safe , Rice said . Parents kept close tabs on their children and started locking their doors . Since then , the guard has come down , Rice said . "  I do n't think the fear level is as high as it was . People are kind of aware of it , that something like this can happen . They 're still cautious , but I do n't think as cautious , " he said . "  Just the monotony of everyday life , the basic routine , people get used to it and they forget about the dangers we face every day . We 're not oblivious , but we put it in the back of our mind . " Skyla 's father says he and his wife try to carry on for the sake of their youngest daughter , who asks about her older sister nearly every day . Skyla 's room is the same as it was a year ago except for the boxes of cards from across the globe , as far as Japan , expressing sympathy and support . Whitaker finds solace in visiting the memorial site set up at the crime scene , where people leave bouquets of flowers , stuffed animals , cards and other mementos . The most recent addition to the site is an 8-foot cross donated by members of the community . "  I just get a feeling whenever I 'm there . It 's real quiet out there , and I see the stuff people brought and it 's kind of comforting , it really is . I know she 's in a better place right now , she do n't feel sickness , do n't feel pain . She 's in a better place , and it 's my way of remembering . "	Skyla Jade Whitaker , 11 , Taylor Paschal-Placker , 13 , fatally shot on rural road Local resident may be involved or have information , girl 's father believes Billboard , posters around Okfuskee County serve as reminders of girls ' brutal deaths Skyla 's father finds comfort in visiting memorial at crime scene
CNN  -- An Arizona judge agreed Wednesday with defense attorneys that prosecutors in the manslaughter trial of self-help author James Ray improperly withheld evidence , but he decided not to grant a defense motion for a mistrial . Ray is accused of manslaughter in three deaths at his October 2009 "  Spiritual Warrior " retreat in the desert . Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , died that night . So did James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee . Volunteer Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died nine days after the ceremony . At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill . More than 40 others were uninjured . Prosecutors argued that the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . Defense attorneys filed a motion Monday accusing prosecutors of intentionally withholding a report from environmental expert Richard Haddow , which suggests that the faulty design of the sweat lodge caused or contributed to the deaths . "  At issue is a report , or an e-mail , drafted by an environmental engineer that states two relevant factors , " defense attorney Luis Li told Judge Warren Darrow during Wednesday 's hearing . "  One , that carbon dioxide , not heat stroke , is a possible cause of death . ... And secondly , that various environmental conditions created by the design of the sweat lodge -- for which Mr. Ray has no responsibility -- could have contributed to those deaths . " Li told Darrow that prosecutors ' response to the motion was "  aggressively unrepentant . " Defense attorneys contend that a "  Brady violation " has taken place . A Brady violation occurs when the failure to disclose material exculpatory evidence to the defense deprives a defendant of a fair trial . Exculpatory means the evidence could be used to establish a defendant 's innocence ; material means the evidence is relevant and significant . Prosecutor Bill Hughes said the state does n't believe that the conduct met the criteria for a Brady violation . "  It was not disclosed due to an oversight , " Hughes said , adding that the state has turned over thousands of pages of information . Darrow said he agreed that a Brady violation had occurred but declined to grant a mistrial . The trial is set to continue Thursday . Haddow 's findings were in a report that was e-mailed to lead detective Ross Diskin almost a year ago , on April 29 , 2010 . Ray 's attorneys first learned about Haddow when he was listed as a potential witness in late October . Since November , they say , they asked prosecutors for Haddow 's report four times . They got it last week . Though the state decided not to call Haddow as a witness at the trial , Arizona 's discovery law requires prosecutors to provide the expert 's report . There is also an ongoing obligation by prosecutors to turn over all material that could exonerate a defendant . Because they are receiving Haddow 's report several weeks into the trial , and because that testimony could have had a profound impact on their strategy , defense attorneys argue that the judge has no choice but to grant a mistrial . The sweat lodge ceremony consisted of eight rounds , with each round lasting 10 to 15 minutes . Although they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were told to wait until the breaks between rounds . Ray 's attorneys have argued that the deaths were accidental and suggested that exposure to an unknown toxin in the lodge -- perhaps a pesticide , rat poison or something in the type of wood used to heat the rocks -- could have caused the fatalities . The event participants paid up to $ 10,000 to seek "  new areas of consciousness " at the retreat , according to testimony . Many had attended previous James Ray International seminars . In Session 's Beth Karas and Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : The trial is set to resume Thursday Judge Warren Darrow agreed that prosecutors withheld evidence At issue is an e-mail that was not turned over to the defense Ray is charged with manslaughter in three deaths at his 2009 retreat
CNN  -- The marching orders from Congress and the White House to NASA were pretty straightforward . Go out and build a new big rocket to replace the retiring space shuttle fleet . Unlike the shuttle , the new rocket has to be powerful enough to get out of low Earth orbit and carry humans to an asteroid and eventually Mars , perhaps even the moon . There must also be a test flight by 2016 . But at this point , NASA officials are warning of a potentially devastating setback to future space exploration . Its first new rocket in 40 years may not happen because the agency does n't think the $ 8 billion budgeted over the next three years is enough . "  We have done calculations with current models and approaches to doing this type of development and it does n't work with funding constraints combined with schedules that were laid out in the Authorization Act , " Doug Cooke , NASA 's associate administrator for exploration systems , told CNN . Congress has already responded that unless NASA can prove there 's not enough money , the rocket must -- by law -- be built . Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , a key space agency supporter , was adamant when he spoke to CNN : "  NASA must stop making excuses and follow this law . I believe the best and brightest at the space agency can build upon the $ 9 billion we 've already invested in advanced technology to design a new heavy-lift rocket , while taking a stepping-stone , pay-as-you-go approach . " "  We 're doing everything we can to get there , " Cooke said . The $ 9 billion was for the now-defunct Constellation program , planned to take astronauts to the moon and on to Mars . It was cut from the federal budget last year after being called behind schedule and over budget . After the last shuttle flight later this year , NASA will be out of the space taxi business . Commercial companies are expected to take over ferrying astronauts to and from the International Space Station . NASA , no longer burdened with an aging vehicle and costly flights , has again been told to focus on building a new rocket . Citizens Against Government Waste President Tom Schatz is not confident : "  NASA is unfortunately becoming a black hole for the taxpayers and something needs to be done to turn things around , " he said . "  The Constellation program has taught us the things that work , the things that we could have done better . " The vehicle most likely to be presented to Congress would have solid rocket boosters like the shuttle , only larger ; would use shuttle main engines and would also , like the shuttle , have a liquid fuel stage , Cooke told CNN . Early test flights would use a lot of existing hardware . "  We have engines that will be freed up when shuttle retires . We do have solid rocket casings that are from the shuttle program that we can use , " he said . NASA says it will tell Congress by the spring or early summer whether the rocket can be built with the money available and meet the 2016 deadline .	Space agency has $ 8 billion and 2016 deadline New capsule intended to take people to asteroid Congress to get report of plans by spring or summer
CNN  -- Investigators asked for help Thursday as they searched for a man seen in a mall in Littleton , Colorado , shortly before what they described as a possible attempt to bomb the shopping center on the 12th anniversary of the shooting at nearby Columbine High School . Authorities told reporters at a news conference that the man they are seeking is a "  person of interest , " and they asked for help from the news media and public in identifying him . No evidence exists so far of a link to the Columbine shootings , Jefferson County Sheriff Ted Mink said , but he acknowledged the possibility was on the minds of law enforcement officials . "  There 's not a definite link that we have right now to anything at Columbine other than the date , " Mink said , adding that the April 20th anniversary of the shootings "  is fresh on everyone 's mind . " A security camera shows the man sought by authorities in the mall just minutes before a security guard noticed a fire . Investigators say that fire may have been part of an attempt to detonate explosives . The incident happened Wednesday at the Southwest Plaza Mall , less than two miles from Columbine High School . It came on the 12th anniversary of the shooting at Columbine that left 12 students and a teacher dead at the hands of two other students , who then killed themselves . "  It 's sort of scary , but it 's also ... terrible , " said David Cullen , author of the book "  Columbine " about the massacre . "  It 's like attacking people who are in mourning . " Law-enforcement officials released surveillance camera images of a man carrying a white plastic bag at the mall around noon . He was in a part of the mall that the public does not usually access . Only minutes after he was seen in the area , a security guard noticed a small fire there and quickly put it out . A subsequent search turned up explosives , said Jacki Kelley of the Jefferson County Sheriff 's office . "  The propane tanks and the pipe bomb were literally together , " she told reporters Wednesday night at a news conference . The mall was quickly evacuated and no one was hurt , authorities said . Mink said that the mall had been thoroughly searched and was allowed to reopen on Thursday . None of the authorities who spoke at the news conference provided further information on the explosives found at the scene , saying they needed to interview more people and did n't want details reported in the media to influence any responses they might get . The situation could have been much worse , said Dave Joly , a spokesman for the FBI . "  Depending  on  if it went off and actively combusted as what it was set to do , it could have been more serious than it was , " he said at an earlier news conference , adding that it appeared that the pipe bomb was supposed to be a trigger to detonate the propane tanks . "  This was potentially devastating to a very high populated area , and very difficult to ignore the day that today is , " Kelley added . "  We 're not ignoring that . The date is significant to Colorado history , " Joly added . Schools in the area were briefly put on lockdown , according to the sheriff 's office . Columbine High School was already closed Wednesday , for what its school calendar called a staff development day . The person authorities want to talk to is described as a white male with gray hair and a silver mustache , the FBI said . He wore a dark cap with a light-colored logo on the front , a gray and white horizontally striped shirt , a dark jacket , jeans and dark-colored shoes . "  We 're not sure if he 's a suspect or a possible witness , " Kelley said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : A Columbine experts says "  it 's like attacking people ... in mourning " The Southwest Plaza Mall reopens as authorities ask for help A possible bombing attempt came on the Columbine anniversary Propane tanks and a pipe bomb were found , officials say
CNN  -- Division Street runs across Chicago , separating the city more than just geographically . Teddy Williams knows this well . He grew up in the 1980s in Chicago 's infamous Cabrini Green housing project on Division , a street he said stays true to its name . Though the neighborhood was notorious for its gang-infested streets and violence , Williams , now 40 , remembers the neighborhood differently . He remembers playing with his childhood friends , running up and down hallways of his apartment building , and listening to Slick Rick on big boom boxes . "  It was a village , " said Williams . "  We all knew each other , we were all there for each other . There were people who do bad things , but that 's everywhere . " Sam Spitz knew a very different side of Division Street . He went to school in the 1990s and 2000s , just a few blocks away , where he attended Near North Montessori School on West Division . He described his childhood as relatively safe and comfortable . He still plays basketball on Mondays with his old classmates and passes Cabrini Green to get there . "  I used to pass by there everyday , " said Spitz , 23 . "  But all I knew about the neighborhood was what I 'd seen on TV . It did n't seem like a place I wanted to go . " In 2011 , a crane reduced to rubble the building Williams once called home , a high-rise that was part of the Cabrini Green housing project . He watched as the crane 's steel teeth ripped into the 15-story building , floor by floor , eventually reaching his own 12th floor unit , crumbling it in a cloud of dust . Just a few months before , Williams and thousands of others had been evicted from the Cabrini Green housing project . "  It was sudden , all of it was sudden , " he said . "  We got a notice for a few months and out of nowhere , we all had to get out . " He said the empty feeling still remains . "  It 's like a part of your body is missing , like a leg or something . " "  I will always know Cabrini as home . " ' A refugee in my own city ' Chicago has demolished dozens of public housing high rises -- including those in Cabrini Green -- as part of its "  Plan for Transformation , " a $ 1.5 billion project launched in 2000 to renovate or construct 25,000 public housing family units . Chicago once had the second largest stock of public housing in the nation , with 43,000 units housing hundreds of thousands of people . When the units became overrun with gangs and crime , the city embarked on an overhaul . The plan aims "  to build and strengthen communities by integrating public housing and its leaseholders into the larger social , economic and physical fabric of Chicago , " according to the Chicago Housing Authority . Chicago wanted stop managing public housing and become what the housing authority called "  a facilitator of housing opportunities . " Some residents of housing slated for demolition were given vouchers to rent apartments in the private market or moved into rehabbed public housing on the far south and west sides away from the city center . Teddy Williams had a difficult time finding stable housing after his eviction in 2011 . "  I felt something like a refugee in my own city , " he said . He turned to alcohol to cope with his pain and looked to friends and family to find a place to stay . He finally stopped smoking and drinking "  cold turkey , " but his living situation became more difficult . For a time , Williams made his home on one of Chicago 's "  L " trains , which run the longest north-south route across the city . He carried clothes and a brick from his old building as he patiently searched for a new chapter in his life . Even today , he has trouble finding words to describe that experience , only saying it was "  rough at times . " ' A different world ' As he struggled to find a place to live , Williams found a job as a barber on the city 's north side . He had only been in the barber shop for a couple of weeks in the fall of 2012 when college student Sam Spitz walked in , looking for a back-to-school haircut . "  He came in as a walk-in . From there we connected , " Williams recalled . "  He was reading a book and I was interested in knowing what it was and he told me that it was for a class . From there I started to get nosy in his business and he told me he was in school for film , so I decided to tell him a bit of my story and it went from there . " Spitz remembers the meeting . "  When I told Teddy I was in a film class he said , ` Man , you got ta make a movie about me ! ' " Spitz said , laughing . "  At first I thought , ` Damn , I just want a haircut . Now this guy 's got me trapped in his chair for 45 minutes and I have to listen to a pitch ! ' " As Spitz and Williams talked over that haircut , they realized they had Division Street in common . "  I told him my dad and I used to drive by his building on the way home from school , " Spitz said . "  He asked if I ever got out of the car and I had to tell him the truth : ` No , I was scared . ' " Williams offered to take Spitz for a walk down his side of Division Street , a journey they documented in their film , "  The Greens . " In the documentary , which took about a year to make , Williams introduces Spitz to Lonza C. Harris Jr. , a former Gangster Disciples member known as "  Batman " whose story complicates the narratives that Spitz saw as a child on TV . "  I 'll never forget our first walk down Division , " Spitz said . He remembers Teddy telling him about the time he chipped his tooth running a race through his buildings with other children . "  Teddy and Batman 's stories made me question what I 'd seen on TV , " Spitz said . "  I 'd never thought of the high rises as homes . " Spitz hopes that his film , which was completed last fall , will encourage audiences to think critically about the stories they see on TV , especially those concerning Chicago . He and Williams are using the 20-minute film to start conversations on college campuses , an opportunity Williams said he could have never imagined . "  We hope others will take the time to learn from each other no matter how different we seem , " Williams said . Williams now lives in a suburb on the city 's west side in his own apartment . Despite the lack of a police presence and the frequent sound of gunshots , Williams said he sees it as a symbol of his own progress . Yet , he still longs for his home in Cabrini Green . "  It was a village . We were a community , " he said . Today , Cabrini Green is infused with chic dining spots , expensive town homes and a growing shopping district . Just blocks away from the city 's Magnificent Mile , some are calling it Chicago 's "  neighborhood of the future . " Williams said he would love to help instill that sense of community back into his old neighborhood . "  I want to recreate a place that I knew once , and provide that for someone else , " he said . "  I can help because I know what it needs . "	Teddy Williams and Sam Spitz spent their lives a few blocks from each other in Chicago They never met until a chance encounter years later Williams took Spitz on a tour of his old neighborhood Their journey is documented in Spitz 's film , "  The Greens "
