Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro said Friday that he was misinterpreted when he recently told an American journalist that the Cuban model no longer works . In a speech at the University of Havana that was then broadcast on Cuban TV , Castro said he meant "  exactly the opposite " of what was understood by Jeffrey Goldberg , who was interviewing him for The Atlantic . According to Goldberg , when he asked Castro during an interview last week if the Cuban model could be exported , the 84-year-old former leader answered : "  The Cuban model does n't even work for us anymore . " The comment was widely interpreted as Castro 's admission that the Soviet-style economic model he introduced after his revolution no longer works . Goldberg wrote on The Atlantic 's blog that he turned to Julia Sweig of the Council on Foreign Affairs , who was present at the interview , "  to interpret this stunning statement for me . " "  She said , ` He was n't rejecting the ideas of the revolution . I took it to be an acknowledgment that under "  the Cuban model " the state has much too big a role in the economic life of the country , ' " he wrote . On Friday , Castro said he was correctly quoted , but that , "  in reality , my answer meant exactly the opposite of what both American journalists interpreted regarding the Cuban model . " "  My idea , as the whole world knows , is that the capitalist system no longer works for the United States or the world , " he said . "  How could such a system work for a socialist country like Cuba ? " Castro called Goldberg "  a great journalist . " "  He does not invent phrases , he transfers them and interprets them , " he said . "  I await with interest his extensive article . " He told an audience that included some of his former soldiers who were there to mark the publication of his 608-page autobiography that the capitalist system "  leads from crisis to crisis , each one more serious . "	The former Cuban leader said , "  The Cuban model does n't even work for us anymore . " He was correctly quoted but misunderstood , he says He says he was emphasizing how his opinion of capitalism is even lower
Washington  CNN  -- Voters who are fed up with endless gridlock might be disappointed if they expect a Senate now controlled by Republicans to change things . One congressional expert put it bluntly : "  The basic factors causing -LSB- gridlock -RSB- are not gone , " said James Thurberfrom , a professor at American University . "  So it is likely that we will have a lot of delay and stalemate in the Senate . " The stark reality is Republicans do n't have the 60 votes they need to overcome Democratic filibusters , making it hard to pass many of their priorities . But perhaps the biggest obstacle for Republicans -- the next election . Senate aides from both parties and outside congressional observers agree that political positioning for the upcoming 2016 presidential and congressional elections will likely dominate the day-to-day workings of the Senate , While Republican leaders believe it is important they show the country they can pass legislation and govern effectively , Democrats will likely do everything they can to block GOP achievements because they think they have a good chance of winning back the chamber in 2016 . In that cycle , Republicans need to defend 24 seats -- many from politically divided states -- while Democrats only have to defend 10 , most of which are from blue states . "  Look , the Democrats see an opportunity to keep the White House in 2016 and pick up seats and get the majority back , " said a GOP Senate aide predicting Democrats will refuse to work with them . Complicating matters for Republicans is an expected tug of war within their party , with potential 2016 presidential contenders trying to assert their conservative credentials while other GOP Senators in competitive states try to appeal to moderate voters . "  I think it 's going to be a little bit more chaotic and disorderly , " said Ramesh Ponnuru , of the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank . In addition , it 's unclear how President Barack Obama will respond to a Congress fully in Republican control , and whetherl he will make a genuine effort to cut hard-to-reach compromises or be more aloof , choosing to shore up his legacy over the last two years of his term by issuing executive orders on immigration and other priorities . Kentucky Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell , currently the Senate minority leader , is set to take over the powerful top job in the Senate when the new Congress convenes in January . After complaining for years that the Democrats put politics ahead of a well-functioning Senate , McConnell has vowed to return to "  regular order " so that budgets , spending bills , and other items are approved months before the threat of a government shutdown or fiscal cliff looms . But his longtime sparring partner , Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada , is sure to challenge him on anything Democrats oppose . "  I think there will continue to be a battle between Reid and McConnell . They do n't like each other , " Thurber said . "  Reid will use delaying tactics as a minority leader , threatening filibusters . I do n't think Republicans will have 60 votes so they ca n't overcome that . " The particular dynamics of the Republican conference make it even more difficult for McConnell to manage the Senate . On one side of his conference he has three tea party senators -- Rand Paul of Kentucky , Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas -- who may seek the GOP nomination for president and who will be reluctant to cut deals with Democrats as they work to attract conservative primary voters . On the other side are a dozen or more senators who will be up for re-election in purple and blue states -- such as Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Mark Kirk of Illinois -- who may want work across the aisle to show the broad base of voters in their states that they helped cut through the DC gridlock . "  I think he will be constantly maneuvering and using duct tape and glue to keep his conference together , " Ponnuru said of McConnell . In fact , Cruz has already proposed a ten-step plan he 'd like Republicans to follow next year . He argued , in a recent USA Today column , his plan would prove to voters Republican senators take seriously their desire to change Washington . His ideas include implementing tax reform , passing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution , reforming federal education policies , auditing the Federal Reserve , and repealing or reforming Obamacare . One of Republicans ' top priorities will be to rework parts of Obamacare , with the recognition they wo n't be able to repeal the law in its entirety because of President Obama 's veto authority . But they at least want to make changes to the individual and employer mandates , get rid of the medical device tax , and pass other reforms . "  I think it 's more likely we 'll have a step-by-step approach to dismantling it and replacing it with consumer oriented , more cost-effective health care that wo n't interfere with the doctor/patient relationship , " said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the second-ranking Republican senator . "  That 's what the American people want and that 's what our goal is to provide . " Another major concern among Republicans is Obama 's plan to use his executive authority to change immigration laws , something he may announce shortly after the election . Republicans hope to be in a stronger position to push back on those changes now that they will control both the House and Senate . Republicans also want to pass several energy bills , including approval of the Keystone XL pipeline . And they and want to push through a variety of job creation bills that passed in the GOP-controlled House last Congress but that were never taken up by Senate Democrats . Bipartisan support is possible on pending trade bills supported by the White House . One of the biggest changes to Capitol life that McConnell says he will institute is to have the Senate work an actual five day work week . Under Reid , the Senate typically was in session only four days a week , with truncated schedules on Monday and Thursday . But doing so well test McConnell 's ability as leader because members of both parties -- most of who travel back and forth to their states each weekend to be with their families and constituents -- have enjoyed the luxury of the shortened Senate week .	Mitch McConnell is set to lead the Republican senate and vowed to restore ` regular order ' However factors like the 2016 elections may give Democrats incentive to block GOP efforts One question will be how the GOP decides to address Obama 's health care law Another issue is immigration though chances look slim for sweeping legislation
CNN  -- Huddled around a table for hours , a handful of top journalists at CNN 's political unit has been poring over YouTube videos by the thousands . The Republican hopefuls will face off Wednesday in the CNN/YouTube debate . It 's a laborious process , but it 's necessary to ensure the best questions make the cut for the CNN/YouTube debate between Republican presidential hopefuls in St. Petersburg , Florida , which will take place Wednesday at 8 p.m. ET . "  The questions are funny . Some of them are striking . Some of them are sad . They are incredibly meaningful , " said Sam Feist , CNN 's political director . "  You watch hundreds of these questions and you really get a sense of what 's on people 's minds . " The CNN producers have viewed more than 3,500 video submissions from people around the world . They 'll continue sifting through more , through the submission deadline of November 25 , right up to the debate . Only about 40 will pass muster . Watch some of the questions sent in so far " It 's only the second time such a debate has taken place -- Democratic candidates duked it out in a similar format this past summer . That debate christened YouTube as a venue for prodding politicians and a way to get the public involved . While the GOP debate will also face a YouTube audience , do n't expect to hear the same questions . "  This debate is to let Republican voters pick from among their eight candidates , " said David Bohrman , Washington bureau chief and senior vice president for CNN . "  We are trying to focus mostly on questions where there are differences among these candidates . " The White House hopefuls -- accustomed to the political tradition of stump speeches followed by queries from journalists -- have no idea exactly what to expect . "  There is some sense of the unknown and so they 're going to be a little bit out of their normal comfort zone , which is a good thing , " Bohrman said . Each of the eight GOP hopefuls will answer to real people displayed on a 25-foot screen  or their animated creations , as witnessed in the Democratic debate  . The candidates will have to deal with the person asking the question as if that person were in the room . "  They really need to relate to these as people because they are very human . They are somebody somewhere who 's taken the time to submit these questions , " Bohrman said . And some of those submitters will be in the room -- creators of some of the most compelling questions will be flown to St. Petersburg to watch the debate in person and offer reactions afterward . The user-generated format marks a major step toward involving people in the process of selecting a nominee . It 's also changed the way people view presidential debates . Unless someone happened to be in an Iowa farmhouse or a New Hampshire coffee shop , having an impact on the nominating process was "  impenetrable " to outsiders Bohrman said , referring to the first two states to hold caucuses or a primary . That 's no longer the case because questions asked during the Democratic CNN/YouTube debate continue to resonate on the campaign trail , according to Feist . "  We 've really begun to find a way for people around the country and even around the world to play a significant role in the process . There 's no going back from this . It may not look like this in 2012 , but I think never again will there be no participation from the public , " Bohrman said . So will any stars be born during this week 's debate , like when Billiam the Snowman made a guest appearance during the Democratic debate ? Will Jackie Broyles and Dunlap be back with the Red State update ? CNN 's political unit is keeping the questions a secret , but those selecting them say viewers should be prepared for presentations that are funny , questions that are poignant and a format that is unprecedented for the GOP . "  I 'm not going to give you any hints about what sorts of questions we 're going to pick or we 're not going to pick , " Feist said . "  There are plenty of animated figures out there , there are certainly some funny questions , but more importantly , there are hundreds , if not thousands of really , really good , solid questions from real people on real issues . " E-mail to a friend	CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate is Wednesday , 8 p.m. Candidates face some of the thousands of questions sent in via YouTube User-generated format allows people to become players in the nominating process Questions can be submitted through November 25
CNN Student News  -- World AIDS Day is observed around the globe on December 1 . Since the first World AIDS Day in 1988 , governments , organizations and charities have worked to raise awareness of the global AIDS pandemic caused by the spread of HIV infection . Use the information in this One-Sheet to provide students with an overview about HIV and AIDS . How widespread is HIV/AIDS ? The UNAIDS/WHO 2007 AIDS Epidemic Update notes that since 1981 , when HIV/AIDS was first identified in the U.S. , more than 25 million people worldwide have died from AIDS-related illnesses . It estimates that today , nearly 33.2 million people throughout the world are living with HIV . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that includes more than one million Americans . In 2007 , more than 6,800 people around the world were newly diagnosed with HIV each day , and of those new cases , approximately 1,150 were children under the age of 15 , according to the UNAIDS/WHO report . What is AIDS ? AIDS is the acronym for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome . AIDS is a disease of the body 's immune system that is caused by the Human Immunodeficiency Virus or HIV . Having HIV is different from having AIDS . A person can have HIV for many years before developing AIDS . However , as HIV progresses , it kills off the body 's CD4 cells  also known as T-cells or T-helper cells  , a type of white blood cell that helps fight infection . When the immune system loses too many T-cells , it does n't function normally and it ca n't fight off infections . As a result , people become vulnerable to many serious and often deadly infections and cancers . These types of illnesses are called "  opportunistic infections " because they take advantage of the opportunity to attack the body 's compromised immune system , the CDC says . You may have heard that people die from AIDS , but this is n't technically the case . People with AIDS die from the opportunistic infections that AIDS allows to take hold , not from AIDS itself . How are HIV and AIDS diagnosed ? While some people who are infected with HIV experience chronic symptoms such as fever , diarrhea , weight loss , night sweats and swollen lymph nodes , others may not develop symptoms for many years , according to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . The only way to tell if someone has HIV is with a blood test . If a person becomes infected with HIV , his or her body will try to fight the infection by making antibodies . If a blood test shows the presence of these antibodies , then the person is diagnosed as having HIV , and is considered "  HIV positive . " Likewise , you ca n't rely on symptoms to determine if someone has AIDS , because the symptoms of AIDS are similar to the symptoms of other diseases . In order to be diagnosed with AIDS , a person must be HIV positive and have a T-cell count below 200  a normal count ranges from 500 to 1,800 per cubic millimeter of blood  , or have one or more opportunistic infections , according to the CDC . How is HIV transmitted ? HIV is found in blood , semen , vaginal fluid and breast milk . HIV can only be transmitted if one of these infected fluids enters the blood stream through contact with the mucous membranes , such as the mouth or vagina , or through direct contact , such as needle sticks or injections . According to the CDC , most people get HIV by : What treatments are available ? In the early days of the AIDS pandemic , patients were unlikely to live longer than two years after developing the disease , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . By studying the way that HIV attacks immune cells , scientists have developed drugs to fight both HIV and its associated infections and cancers . Used in combinations known as "  cocktails , " these drugs have helped patients live much longer after being diagnosed with HIV . However , while these drugs can slow down HIV and damage to the immune system , there is no way to get rid of HIV . Though researchers are now testing vaccines to prevent and treat HIV/AIDS , no vaccines have been approved for use outside of clinical trials , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . What can people do to prevent the spread of HIV ? While there is n't a vaccine to prevent HIV infection or a cure for AIDS , people can protect themselves and others from infection . Experts from the Mayo Clinic recommend that people learn about how HIV is transmitted and avoid any behavior that allows HIV-infected fluids to get into your body . If you are HIV positive , it is important to refrain from unprotected sex and other high-risk behaviors that could infect others , according to the Mayo Clinic . If you think you may have been exposed to HIV , experts recommend that you consult a doctor and get tested for the virus as soon as you are likely to develop HIV antibodies , which is within 6 weeks to 12 months after exposure , according to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . E-mail to a friend	Use this information to provide students with an overview of HIV and AIDS
I 've always wanted to go to Prague , having often heard that it was a magical place of extraordinary architecture and history  especially since it mostly escaped bombing during World War II  . Finally , in the week leading up to Labor Day , with visions of castles dancing in our heads , my girlfriend Donna Dennison and I flew in to begin our central European adventure . We had only one fear : We 're vegans . Would we find anything to eat that contained absolutely no animal products , or would we be reduced to subsisting on doughy rolls and plain salads ? I 'm happy to report that Prague not only surpassed my imagination with its stunning vistas , medieval bridges and palatial grandeur , it turns out to be chock full of fabulous vegan and vegetarian restaurants . In fact , Central Europe in general is a hotbed of vegetarianism . Who knew ? Do n't fear the vegan ! It turns out that Happy Cow knew . I have long used the Happy Cow app in the U.S. to find vegan restaurants . But I had low expectations when I clicked on the app in Prague , seeking the closest vegan or vegetarian restaurants . My assumptions were way off . It turns out Prague is a mecca of compassionate living with well over a dozen choices popping up : either vegan , vegetarian or veg-friendly . Within a 10-minute cobblestone-laden stroll from the historic Charles Bridge , which dates to the 14th century and overlooks the Vltava River , we were delighted to encounter LoVeg , an ironic name given that we climbed three flights of candlelit stairs to get to it . It was worth the hike for the delicious vegan burger made of red beets , chickpeas , tempeh and gherkin . The staff is clearly in it for the cause of compassion , hence their motto : "  We give food a higher meaning . " We liked it so much we came back again and tried the baked beetroot carpaccio . Next stop : Cesky Krumlov , a storybook medieval city whose historic center is a UNESCO World Heritage site and sits about halfway between Prague and Vienna . Surely , I thought , there 's no way we 'll find vegan options in this place . Wrong again ! This was actually the site of one of our favorite vegetarian restaurants : Laibon . Sitting on sturdy wooden tables in an open terrace on the banks of the river , we stared up at the famed castle that was started in the 13th century but expanded over time to embrace not just Gothic but Renaissance and Baroque styles . Meanwhile , we nibbled on a vegan sampler for two that included Indian , Mexican and traditional European flavors . 6 veggie burgers so good you wo n't miss the meat Our waiter was fluent in several languages , and we even bantered in Spanish for a while . It was a magical blending of cultures and centuries at the crossroads of time and taste . For a pick-me-up during sightseeing , we sampled the addictive potato swirls sold by a street vendor -- something akin to a medieval order of fries . For the piece de resistance , it was off to Vienna . Would the home of Mozart and Freud have some compassion in its high culture stew ? Ja naturlich ! In fact , there were so many vegan options , we hit Eis Greissler , an ice cream store that features several vegan flavors , for a cone of mindblowing vegan chocolate ice cream even before hitting our main meal ! Good thing we were walking at least 5 miles a day . Then , we discovered Makro 1 nestled in a small courtyard just a short walk from the historic St. Stephen 's Cathedral in the heart of Vienna . The few outdoor tables were taken , but everyone seated at them generously invited us to join them . When we asked for a menu , a friendly lady in an apron pointed to the chalkboard , and we realized that there was a single offering of the day . So we each ordered the macrobiotic plate that featured sweet sauteed pumpkin , delicious quinoa , lentils and salad . It really felt like we were having a meal with a local family . We chatted with the others about Veganz , the new vegan supermarket chain sweeping Europe . It made me realize , being vegan is like being a member of a compassionate club where you can find a haven with your fellows anywhere in the world . All of our vegan adventures were memorable . But the one that will always stand out was our lunch at the sumptuous Tian , a white glove vegetarian restaurant near Vienna 's renowned Belvedere Palace . Using our Gogobot app to find a spot out of the rain , we had no idea we were stepping into the fanciest vegetarian experience of our lives . I 'm talking palate cleansers , hand towels and a suggestion to allow at least an hour and a half for the full experience . What a treat : vegan caviar served up in vintage tins , followed by mouth-watering combinations of carefully sculpted vegetables . Finally , our dessert featured perhaps the most succulent brownie I 've ever tasted . Donna had strawberry dumplings that were almost too beautiful to eat . Almost . We devoured every last bite . On our last day , before tackling the massive and astounding Schonbrunn Palace and its sweeping gardens , we filled up at Deli Bluem , which offered a buffet of hearty plant-based dishes from red lentils with millet , apples , spinach and radicchio to eggplant with pomegranate , pine nuts and basil . Finally , for a last dessert before heading back to low-calorie reality , we hit a small shop on a Vienna side street called Easy Going Bakery . We wanted to find that classic , light Viennese puff pastry , and we did in the form of mini-cupcakes . Our vegan adventure added so much flavor and excitement to our trip . It got us off the beaten path and into the nooks and crannies where real people live . We got a real taste of what life in Central Europe is really like .	Central Europe might not seem like a hotbed of vegan options , but it is Apps like Happy Cow and Gogobot led the author off the beaten path Vegetables are n't just an afterthought at these restaurants ; they 're the star Options range from street snacks to high-end dining
CNN  -- This is a game with intriguing story lines : David against Goliath . Master against apprentice . Determination against precision . This is a game the U.S. ca n't afford to lose . This is a game that will be "  massive . " "  There 's no other word to say  it  , " said U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann . At noon ET Thursday , the United States soccer team takes on the soccer behemoth Germany in the globe 's biggest sporting spectacle , the World Cup . Chances are , that for those 90-some minutes , your office will get little work done . Your co-workers will huddle by the TVs in the break room . Your bosses will likely be away at long "  lunches . " And you , who was perfectly content going through life blissfully unconcerned about soccer , will feel a little left out . Well , fear not . Here 's a cheat sheet to make you an insta-pundit on this crucial showdown . Follow the live blog Why you should care The eyes of the world are on the U.S. America ca n't very well be the world 's super power and be mediocre at soccer . This is its chance to go toe-to-toe with the second-best team in the business : the ruthlessly efficient Germany . When the tournament began , the luck of the draw placed the U.S. team in the so-called "  Group of Death . " The boys , led by Clint Dempsey aka "  Captain America , " survived Ghana , beating them 2-1 . Then , they almost slayed powerhouse Portugal . Almost -- but for a last-minute header that torpedoed their lead . That game ended in a 2-2 draw . Now , the only thing standing between this group stage and a sweet spot in the next round is Die Mannschaft , German for "  The Team . " " The United States is known to give everything they have in every single game , " Klinsmann said . "  We have that fighting spirit . " Why you should worry Here 's one reason : The two teams have met nine times ; Germany 's come out on top six of those times . Here 's another : In the last seven World Cups , Germany has always won its its third game . This is its third . Gulp ! Here 's a third : Team USA 's last game was in Manaus , a notoriously hot and muggy field in the Brazilian jungle . Every other team that played in that giant sauna lost their next matches . Why you should n't worry Because the same man who was responsible for transforming Germany into a lean , mean fighting machine is now the U.S. coach . Klinsmann took the German national team all the way to the World Cup semifinals in 2006 . More importantly , he changed the way the Germans played . He turned a defense-minded squad into hungry goal-seekers . He 's instilled those same traits on the U.S. team . "  We know how dangerous Team USA can be if we only play at 90 % and not take them seriously , " said German player Mesu Oezil . Need more ? Germany may have peaked . The team decimated Portugal in its first game , but looked sluggish against Ghana . The U.S. was potent in its first match ; even better in its second . Need a third ? The last time the teams met -- in a "  friendly " in June of last year -- USA beat Germany 4-3 . A "  friendly " match is a game arranged between teams outside tournament competition . Who you should watch Germany 's Thomas Muller . He is one of only two players who 've scored a hat trick in this tournament -- that 's 3 goals in one game .  The other is Switzerland 's Xherdan Shaqiri .  Hat tricks are rare -- and a true measure of a striker 's prowess . On the U.S. side , Clint Dempsey wo n't disappoint . He scored the sixth-fastest goal in World Cup history when he plowed one in 29 seconds into Team USA 's opener with Ghana . He took a foot to the face , broke his nose -- and returned in the game against Portugal to score again . Expect a comeback from Michael Bradley . He 's been a disappointment so far . He kept losing the ball during the Ghana match . And even though he was much , much better in the second U.S. outing , it was he who lost the ball that led Portugal to tie the game . He 'll be looking to redeem his reputation as "  Il Generale "  the General  , a nickname Italian fans bestowed on him when he played for the club , Roma , for his ability to take charge and score goals . Who wo n't be there Reliable goal scorer Jozy Altidore , who strained his hamstring in the opener . He sat out the Portugal game and has to sit out this one too . What should you ignore Any talk of the two teams conspiring to settle for a tie . If the U.S. and Germany play to a draw , both advance to the second round . This has led some soccer fans to grouse that given Klinsmann 's close relationship with the German coach , the two may strike some sort of backroom deal . Joachim Loew was Klinsmann 's assistant when he coached the German national team . The two are now close friends . Also , Team USA 's roster is stacked with five German-Americans who will now go head-to-head with the same players they grew up with . But both coaches have rejected any talk of colluding . " ' I do n't think that we are made for draws , " Klinsmann said after the Portugal encounter . " ' I think both teams go into this game and they want to win the group . " Loew is equally dismissive . "  When you want to draw , it never works . It 's impossible , " he said . "  Always , the aim is to win the match . " What should the U.S. do In Tim Howard , the U.S has one of the best goal keepers in the world . But he will be tested big time by a relentless German attack . So , the U.S. has to try and go for an early goal , like it did with Ghana . Aside from an incredible morale boost , it 's better than trying to keep Germany at bay for 90 minutes . How can the U.S. advance There are several scenarios . The obvious is to beat Germany outright . Team USA would get three points for the victory , giving it seven . No other team in the group can match that , so the Americans go through to the next stage . It goes through even with a tie . That gives both five points . But if the U.S. loses , things get complicated . It 'll then depend on the outcome of the other Ghana-Portugal game , which will be going on at the same time . Portugal wins by a narrow margin , USA still comes second in the group and goes through . That 's because Portugal is way down in the point count . But if Ghana wins by two or more , it 'll be the Africans and not the Americans who advance -- making this the third World Cup in a row where Ghana eliminates Team USA . Who will win Expect a desperate scramble to score a first goal . Whoever scores first gets the edge . However , if the game is still scoreless , say , in the 60th minute , expect both Germany and the U.S. to pull back and settle for a draw . 5 things : What to watch for today Game goes on despite weather CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	A win or a draw sends U.S. to the next round Germany has won 6 of the 9 times it played U.S. The U.S. coach was once Germany 's national coach The game has several intriguing story lines
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A man claiming to have a bomb tried to enter the cockpit of a Turkish Airlines plane about to land in Istanbul , Turkey , but was tackled by passengers and taken into custody , Turkish media reported Wednesday . The man , identified as 40-year-old Cuma Yasar , was wearing a snowmask as he approached the cockpit during the descent of the Boeing 737-800 from Oslo , Norway , into Ataturk International Airport , the state news agency Anadolu said . He threatened to blow up a bomb he said he was holding , and urged the captain to fly back to Oslo , the news agency reported . But passengers Firat Faysal Ali and Dag Gjerstad tackled the man , the agency reported . Airport police took him into custody after the plane landed but found no explosives on him , it said . But they did find an identification card for the handicapped on Yasar , who suffers a mental illness , it added . Airport operations were not disrupted , an operations supervisor at the airport told CNN .	Passenger claiming to have a bomb approached the cockpit , Turkish media report He allegedly urged the captain to turn the plane around and head back to Norway Two passengers tackled the man , who suffers a mental illness , the news agency says Airport operations in Istanbul were not disrupted
CNN  -- The Obamacare website might still not be working , but journalists are . All across the country , as Republicans try to highlight tragic tales of Americans losing their current health insurance and allegedly stuck with more expensive options , journalists are coming to the rescue . In case after case , journalists investigated these stories and called the policyholders and combed the insurance exchange websites to bring actual facts to bear in our public debate about Obamacare . Here are just some of the mythical stories journalists have helped dispel â $ " and the lessons we can learn from them about the reality of the Affordable Care Act : Deborah Cavallaro was making the rounds on television complaining about how her current insurance plan was canceled under Obamacare . So Los Angeles Times columnist Michael Hiltzik talked to her . Her current plan cost $ 293 per month but had a deductible of $ 5,000 per year and out-of-pocket annual limits of $ 8,500 . Also , the current plan covered just two doctor 's visits per year . But in the California insurance exchange , which Hiltzik helped Cavallaro check , she could get a "  silver " plan for $ 333 per month â $ " $ 40 more than she 's currently paying . But the new plan has only a $ 2,000 deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses at $ 6,350 . Plus all doctor visits would be covered . Hiltzik writes , "  Is that better than her current plan ? Yes , by a mile . " Dianne Barrette also popped up on television on a CBS news report in which she lamented that her $ 54-per-month insurance plan had been canceled under Obamacare . But Nancy Metcalf at Consumer Reports investigated Barrette 's story and found that her current policy was a "  textbook example of a junk plan that is n't real health insurance at all . " According to Metcalf , if Barrette had ever tried to use her insurance for anything more than a sporadic doctor 's visit , "  she would have ended up with tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars of medical debt . " The plan , for instance , only pays for hospitalization in cases of "  complications of pregnancy . " Instead , Metcalf found that Barrette could get a "  silver " plan in the state insurance exchange for $ 165 per month that would actually cover Barrette in the case of any sort of serious or even moderate illness . Which is the very definition of insurance , is n't it ? Edie Littlefield Sundby , a stage-four gallbladder cancer survivor , published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal blaming the Affordable Care Act for her canceled insurance policy . In her essay , Littlefield wrote that because of Obamacare , "  I have been forced to give up a world-class health plan . " But , according to Igor Volsky of Think Progress , Sundby 's insurer , United Healthcare , "  dropped her coverage because they 've struggled to compete in California 's individual health care market for years and did n't want to pay for sicker patients like Sundby . " Earlier this year , United , which has publicly supported the Affordable Care Act , announced that it would pull out of the individual market in California . A company representative said it withdrew because its individual plans have never had a huge presence in the state . According to United , and in compliance with state law , the company wo n't be able to re-enter the California individual market until 2017 . By then though , competitors will get stuck with sicker patients like Sundby signing up in the first wave of Obamacare . This means that companies like United can cover cheaper patients if it decides to go back to the California individual insurance market . According to a report by Dylan Scott at Talking Points Memo , a Seattle woman named Donna received a cancellation letter from her insurance company regarding her current plan . The letter steered Donna and her family into a more expensive option and said , "  If you 're happy with this plan , do nothing . " The letter made no mention of the Washington State insurance exchange , where Donna could find plenty of other more affordable choices , because the company wanted a convenient excuse to jack up Donna 's rates . Had Donna "  done nothing , " she would have ended up spending about $ 1,000 more per month on insurance than the cost of insurance she ultimately chose through the Obamacare exchange . In fact , the practice of trying to mislead customers has become so widespread that Washington state regulators issued a consumer alert to customers . This is just the tip of the iceberg . Republicans who have been desperate from the very beginning to destroy Obamacare at any cost , regardless of facts or the urgent health care crisis facing America , will continue to dig up stories of people supposedly harmed by the law . And journalists will hopefully continue to investigate these allegations , helping us all sort fact from fiction . In the meantime , there 's a side benefit to all this : If you are one of the small fraction of Americans who currently relies on the individual insurance market and has seen your current policy canceled , call a journalist â $ " like one of those in the stories above . Reporters all across the country are hungry for real-life stories about how Obamacare is working . Plus , most reporters have access to high-speed Internet . If you ca n't get through to the Obamacare exchange site , there 's a journalist standing by willing to help you navigate the exchange options and explore your pros and cons in terms of costs and benefits . The website might still be glitchy , but old-fashioned shoe-leather reporting is as reliable as ever . Editor 's Note : This article has been updated to include United Healthcare ' explanation of its withdrawal from California 's individual insurance marketplace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Republicans are desperate to destroy Obamacare at any cost Kohn : Stories about people supposedly harmed by the law are not always true She says journalists are digging into allegations , helping us all sort fact from fiction Kohn : The website still has glitches , but old-fashioned reporting is very reliable
CNN  -- A strong earthquake struck coastal Chile near the port city of Valparaiso late Monday , causing mudslides and some minor damage , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The 6.7-magnitude quake knocked out some power and phone lines in the region , authorities said . The temblor was felt in the capital city , Santiago , located 69 miles from the epicenter . A CNN en EspaÃ ± ol anchor held onto his desk as the quake rattled the studio during a newscast in Huechurba , a suburb of the capital . "  We could feel the ground shaking , " said journalist Richard Madan . "  It felt like we were standing on a subway track but multiply that by about 200 . " Madan , of CNN 's Canadian affiliate CTV , is in Santiago as part of the traveling press for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's visit there . Both he and the Canadian delegation were okay , Madan said . No tsunami warning was issued , according to Chile 's Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service , and a preventive evacuation for the area has been lifted . A 72-year-old man died of a heart attack during the evacuation , according to regional Mayor Raul Celis . The same part of the country was hit with an 8.8-magnitude earthquake in February 2010 , killing hundreds of people . Chile is on the so-called "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of volcanoes and fault lines circling the Pacific Basic that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : A 72-year-old man dies of a heart attack in an evacuation A journalist describes what it felt like The Canadian prime minister is okay Chile is on the so-called "  Ring of Fire "
CNN  -- Florida , already threatened with sinkholes , now has a new terror : rat-sized , tire-puncturing snails . Sounding like something out of a 1950s B-movie , these giant African land snails eat their way through some surprising stuff , including stucco , plastic recycling bins , signs and more than 500 species of plants , says the Florida Department of Agriculture . Their calcium shells bear pointy edges that are sharp enough to blow out tires of vehicles that run over them . Agriculture Department spokeswoman Denise Feiber says the menacing creatures also carry a human parasite called rat lungworm , which is a form of meningitis and potentially deadly . So far , no human cases have been reported in Florida , Feiber says . But some giant African land snails that have been captured in the state have carried the parasite . The snails are isolated to the Miami-Dade County area , says Feiber . Experts do n't know exactly how they were first introduced to the United States . It 's thought they may have hitched rides aboard incoming travelers ' luggage . Or some of them may have been intentionally carried into the country as pets -- and then released . The snails have another trait in common with rats : They can multiply very rapidly -- and grow to adulthood in a year , Feiber says . The snails can produce up to 1,200 eggs per year , and they can live up to nine years . Since agriculture officials first discovered the snail invasion in 2011 , trappers have collected more than 117,000 . Officials are hoping to prevent a worst-case scenario , where the snails would threaten Florida crops . Some countries , such as Ecuador and Barbados , have run out of resources to fight these critters , Feiber said .	Giant African snails are menacing Florida 's Miami-Dade County , say agriculture officials They can grow as big as rats and could carry a potentially deadly parasite Driving over their sharps shells can puncture car tires , experts say Experts warn against handling them and suggest calling local agriculture agency
CNN  -- An Oscar nomination , abs of steel and five leading roles in a 10-month span typically denotes Hollywood golden boy . Despite critical acclaim and a smoldering stare , Ryan Gosling still manages to fly under the radar with most of the moviegoing masses . The actor has already received praise for his performance as the press secretary/spin doctor to Gov. Mike Morris  George Clooney  in "  The Ides of March , " which hits theaters Friday . And his role as heartthrob Noah Calhoun in 2004 's "  The Notebook " will continue to haunt mediocre boyfriends everywhere . Yet Gosling 's movies , many of which are smaller films , do n't always resonate at the box office . Consider this our public apology to you , Gosling , for not rewarding your hotness and all around good-guyness by making you a mega-star by now . We 've loved you since you started out as a Mouseketeer on Disney 's "  The Mickey Mouse Club , " though we assure you it was in an age-appropriate way . So if his rocking bod and humble nature -- he told CNN that women are disappointed when they realize he 's not Ryan Reynolds -- are n't enough to draw crowds , what is ? Do n't ask Clooney , Gosling 's "  March " co-star and director . The Los Angeles Times explored the likeness between the two leading men in September . Despite being adored by fans and critics , Clooney and his films do n't always garner commercial success either , as the article pointed out . Remember "  Leatherheads , " "  The Men Who Stare at Goats " and "  The American " ? Each of those Clooney-starrers reportedly grossed between $ 31million and $ 35 million domestically , which is considered low these days for an A-lister . But like his "  March " co-star , as Gosling sets hearts afire while his movies fail to do the same , the media only becomes more infatuated with the 30-year-old actor . First there was that amateur video of Gosling breaking up a New York street fight that surfaced in August . Then those heartwarming photos of the actor carrying his tired pooch around hit the Web . And what about that time he told UK paper The Times , via the New York Daily News , "  I 'll make movies until I make babies . " Are you swooning yet ? "  He is willing to show real vulnerability and ugliness , " movie buff Leslie Henstock told MSNBC 's Today.com . "  There are moments in ` The Notebook ' when he is absolutely tragic , begging , weak . He has a journey . " It 's safe to say Gosling has perfected the sexy , yet vulnerable persona . So much so that you 'd be hard-pressed to find someone who did n't fall just a little bit in love with him after seeing "  Crazy , Stupid , Love . " Speaking of that July release , with help from Steve Carell and Emma Stone , that flick brought in about $ 82 million domestically , making it Gosling 's highest-grossing film by more than $ 40 million since "  The Notebook . " Frankly , "  Crazy , Stupid , Love " -- Gosling 's first mainstream film since the 2007 dud "  Fracture " -- featured the actor 's six-pack so prominently , it 's a wonder it did n't break box-office records . Meanwhile , with a 93 out of 100 rating on Rotten Tomatoes , "  Drive " was expected to find major box-office success upon its September release . However , the movie , which Gosling said was crafted to resemble a violent "  Pretty in Pink , " has raked in $ 21 million domestically so far . It cost about $ 15 million to make . And December 's "  Blue Valentine , " co-starring Michelle Williams , brought in $ 9.7 million domestically after costing about $ 5 million to produce . So will the numbers continue to catch up with the hype surrounding the release of "  The Ides of March " this weekend ? At this point it may not even matter because Gosling will continue to heat things up .	Ryan Gosling started out as a Mouseketeer on Disney 's "  The Mickey Mouse Club " Gosling currently stars alongside George Clooney in "  The Ides of March " "  Crazy , Stupid , Love " has become his highest-grossing film since 2004 's "  The Notebook "
Qunu , South Africa  CNN  -- The coffin carrying Nelson Mandela 's body arrived Saturday in his ancestral village of Qunu , where he 'll be buried Sunday amid the lush green hills of his boyhood . After a plane carrying his casket touched down in Mthatha , the closest airport to Qunu , it was taken in a procession past mourners who lined the roads to his rural home . The mood among the crowd was a celebration of his life , as well as sadness for his passing . The nation 's first black president had often said he felt most at peace here at his rural home in the southeastern corner of the nation . "  Look , he loved these hills , " his daughter , Maki Mandela , told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  He really believed this is where he belonged . " His burial Sunday comes after 10 days of mourning . Before Mandela 's journey home , the ruling African National Congress bid him farewell Saturday morning at an air force base in Pretoria . Members of the ruling party stood , bowed and prayed around his black , flag-draped casket . "  Icon of our struggle . Father of our nation , " read a giant poster bearing a picture of a smiling Mandela . His wife , Graca Machel , sat in the front row , dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief . "  We will miss him , he was our leader in a special time . Go well , Tata , " President Jacob Zuma said , using the Xhosa word for father . "  You 've played your part . You 've made your contribution . We 'll always remember you . " Helicopters hovered overhead as soldiers carried the casket into the military plane . It then took off for Qunu -- followed by fighter jets . ` He really wanted to die here ' Thousands of mourners lined the streets from the airport as Mandela 's remains were brought to the remote village where he spent much of his childhood . Mandela relished his time at the village , which is marked by endless open fields and velvety grass . It 's where he herded cows and goats as a child ; where his relatives are buried at the family farm . "  Even when my father was in jail , he had the most fondest memories of Qunu , " Maki Mandela said . "  And he really wanted to die here . " Intimate tributes The Rev. Jesse Jackson , the U.S. civil rights leader , told CNN that Saturday was "  a day of painful celebration . " "  People are beginning to realize what they 've lost , but they know they 've got so much left , " said Jackson , referring to the sweeping political and social change achieved by the anti-apartheid leader . "  They know what he left in place stays in place . " He was planning to attend Mandela 's funeral Sunday , where the tributes were expected to be more intimate . The military handed over his remains to elders at his home . And , in a symbol of the return of one of their own , the national flag that had covered his coffin was replaced with a lion skin , a traditional symbol of the Xhosa people . At dusk , tribal leaders and men in his family held a private vigil to honor traditions of his native Thembu clan . His casket was to lie overnight in his bedroom , which overlooks the hills and his grave site . What to expect as Nelson Mandela is laid to rest Small village , giant spotlight Mandela died last week at age 95 . Events leading up to the burial included a memorial service Tuesday followed by three days of public viewing at Pretoria 's Union Buildings , where he was sworn in as president in 1994 . About 100,000 people paid homage to Mandela during the three days he lay in state , government officials said . The airport in East London , south of Qunu , will be used for their arrival and departure of dignitaries , with access closely controlled . Thousands were expected to make the trip to Qunu for the burial , thrusting the remote village into the international spotlight . The guest list of foreign dignitaries included Britain 's Prince Charles , talk show host Oprah Winfrey and Archbishop Desmond Tutu . A private family prayer service will be held Sunday morning at Mandela 's home . The funeral will take place in a white tent set up at the family farm . The Mandela family , Zuma and the Cabinet members will be present along with local and foreign dignitaries . About 4,500 people are expected . The military will again be charged with draping the flag over Mandela 's coffin . Members of the military will perform a salute , and play the national anthem . The burial About 430 family and friends will walk to the grave site to say goodbye to the man many consider to be the father of their nation . Mandela will be buried in the rocky soil of his childhood home . The burial area has been built for him ; some of Mandela 's relatives are already buried there . Security Zuma has authorized nearly 12,000 members of the South African National Defence Force to serve alongside the police force . A tight military cordon is expected around the funeral site . As South Africa prepares to bury Nelson Mandela , young Africans are optimistic about the future CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from the Mandela compound in Qunu , Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark from London . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Nelson Mandela 's casket arrives in Qunu , where he spent much of his childhood "  Even when my father was in jail , he had the most fondest memories of Qunu , " daughter says In Qunu , the military hands over his remains to his family Mandela will be buried Sunday after a funeral service
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- "  Transformers " actress Megan Fox said "  yes " to ex-fiance Brian Austin Green 's marriage proposal , just four months after calling off a two-year engagement with Green , her publicist confirmed . Fox , 24 , was so excited when Green , 36 , popped the question on a Hawaii beach that she dropped the 2-carat diamond engagement ring into the sand , Us Weekly magazine reported . Despite a lengthy search by hotel staffers , the ring was never found , the magazine reported . Fox and Green began dating six years ago and became engaged for the first time in 2007 . They broke it off last February . Marriage may be easier for Fox now that she 's out of the "  Transformers " franchise . Director Michael Bay announced this month that she is being replaced as Shia LaBeouf 's love interest by model-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley for "  Transformers 3 . " Fox portrayed Mikaela Banes in the first "  Transformers " and its sequel "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . " Green spent a decade playing David Silver on the hit TV series "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " until it was canceled in 2000 . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Megan Fox engaged again to Brian Austin Green Diamond ring was lost on Hawaiian beach Fox and Green relationship started in 2004 Couple 's first engagement ended in February
CNN Student News  -- August 19 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Pakistan • South Africa • Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Well , you 've made it to Thursday . I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News ! Your hearing : Listen up , 'cause we 're gon na be talking about that in just a bit . We start off today , though , in Pakistan . First Up : Pakistan Aid AZUZ : Severe flooding has left 20 percent -- one fifth -- of the country underwater , and officials are worried about the threat of disease . A lot of the victims are walking through dirty flood waters , and that can lead to the spread of things like cholera or typhoid . Experts are estimating that as many as 3.5 million children are at risk of getting sick . Of course , the most immediate concern is aid : food , medical supplies . The United Nations has asked for $ 460 million from the international community . Only about half of that has been raised so far . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is expected to announce today that the United States will be sending more aid to Pakistan . Sara Sidner has more on the relief efforts . SARA SIDNER , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're here off the shores of Karachi on the USS Peleliu with the Expeditionary Strike Group 5 . It is their whole mission to make sure to be available when there is some sort of disaster . They patrol these waters , and they were in the area to help those in the flood zones in Pakistan . They 've been able to get about 5,000 people out of those flood zones , rescuing them with helicopters . They 've also been able to drop about a half million pounds of aid . They say they will be here for as long as it takes . There are more helicopters coming in ; there are more ships coming in . The U.S. says that it has a humanitarian commitment that they 're going to make to Pakistan . They 've already given about $ 90 million in kind . But the U.N. continually saying that there is simply not enough aid being offered to this country . South Africa Strike AZUZ : More international news for you now , our next story taking us to South Africa , the country that hosted the World Cup this past summer . If you watched any of that , you saw huge crowds of people . And the nation 's streets are crowded again . This time , it 's with South African workers who are on strike . People who work in the public sector -- hospital employees , teachers , federal workers -- walked off the job all across South Africa yesterday . Organizers have threatened that this strike will go on indefinitely . They want the government to give them more pay and better benefits . South African officials say those demands just ca n't be met right now . They 're worried about the impact of this nationwide strike , though . They claim it could end up hurting the entire country , including the very people who are protesting . What 's the Word TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the word ? a man-made item from an older time period It 's an ARTIFACT . That 's the word ! Civil War Discovery AZUZ : Artifacts are n't always big or spectacular . Sometimes simple items , like a button or fork , those can be important , too . They can offer clues about a culture , a civilization we did n't know much about before . In fact , some scientists think a huge collection of artifacts that was recently discovered in the state of Georgia could offer clues about what life was like in a Civil War prison camp . Camp Lawton : If you have n't heard of that , you 're not alone . It 's not very well known because it was only open for six weeks . But recently , a group of college students found it , and they found hundreds of artifacts from prisoners there . Buttons , bullets , coins , a pipe . Some of these artifacts will go on display soon . And the reason why experts think this finding is so significant is that the site barely seems to have been touched . A lot of Civil War sites get torn up by people hunting for relics ; not so at Camp Lawton . Is This Legit ? APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Your ear is part of your olfactory system . Not legit ! It 's part of your auditory system , your sense of hearing . Hearing Loss Study AZUZ : Well , that sense may be getting worse , especially for you all . And as somebody who played the drums in middle and high school , I sympathize with you . There 's a new study out about 12 to 19 year olds . It found that the number of teens who suffer from early signs of hearing loss is going up dramatically . We want you to look at these statistics ; they 're pretty surprising . Back in 1994 , around one in every 20 teens had some kind of hearing loss . By 2006 , that number was up to one in every 5 . That means about 6.5 million teens experience hearing loss . So the next question is , why ? What is causing this increase ? Researchers say that 's what they need to focus on in the future . One of the authors of this study , though , was asked if technology might be part of the reason . DR. JOSEF SHARGORODSKY , BRIGHAM AND WOMEN 'S HOSPITAL : Is it the iPod ? From our study , in specific , it is actually -- we can not say what the cause is of this increase from our data . Of course , the world around us is getting louder . You can stand in a busy intersection in New York , for example , and get sound levels that are dangerously high if you are exposed to it for a prolonged period of time . You can also get it from driving in a convertible on the highway . And so , of course , teenagers are using headphones and are using portable music devices now that they have not been using previously . And so , that 's certainly one possibility . New Orleans Rising AZUZ : Five years ago this month , Hurricane Katrina slammed into America 's Gulf Coast region . "  New Orleans Rising " -- a new CNN documentary -- tells the story of one neighborhood 's struggle to rebuild after the storm . The program airs on CNN this Saturday and Sunday at 8 p.m. Eastern . And CNN Student News has put together a teacher and parent guide to go along with the show . You can find them in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Blackout Danger AZUZ : When the power goes out , a lot of times it 's because of that huge lightning storm outside your window . If lightning hits a power line , you 're in the dark . But there are times when it seems like blackouts happen when there is n't a single cloud in sight . Allan Chernoff sheds some light on why some of us could see more days in the dark . BEGIN VIDEO ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : Sizzling temperatures as much of a strain on the power system as on the public . Why does the power system always strain when the temperature soars ? It 's our electricity grid system , which was not designed for today 's demands . Matthew Cordaro , a former chief executive of two power companies , warns that the system is at risk . MATTHEW CORDARO , ENERGY EXPERT : We are nowhere near where we have absolute certainty that we can avoid a major outage or a disturbance . It 's not that it will happen every day , but indeed a strong possibility that that could occur . CHERNOFF : When the heat is on and air conditioners are on full blast to fight it , power demand can overburden circuits and transformers that allow electricity to travel from power plants across transmission lines and into your home . ARSHAD MANSOOR , ELECTRIC POWER RESEARCH INST. : The circuits and the transformers , they do n't have the time to cool down , so they get overloaded . An overloaded circuit could cause an outage . CHERNOFF : President Obama , aware of the problem , last year committed $ 3.5 billion in stimulus money to modernize the grid . But it is only about two percent of what the power industry would have to invest for a smart grid . And much of the government money has yet to be spent . New York 's Con Edison recently put off a plan to install smart grid equipment in part of Manhattan . It 's a disappointment to a Massachusetts company that supplies high capacity power cables , superconductors that can protect against dangerous power surges . JASON FREDETTE , AMERICAN SUPERCONDUCTOR CORP. : Superconductors are a key component of those smart grids in Korea , in China . And here in the U.S. , we need to do the same thing , and we urgently need to update our grid . CHERNOFF : Smart grid technology would allow utilities to see precise , real-time demand from every customer , so they could take action to minimize the risk of an outage . But most power companies have only just begun such an upgrade . In fact , the North American Electric Reliability Corporation says that two regions are especially vulnerable : Colorado , suffering from drought conditions that are reducing power output from the Hoover Dam power plant ; and south central Louisiana , where transmission lines need upgrades to improve reliability . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : And finally today , we 're gon na go ahead and call in the B-team . Yes , that is a pun . All 50,000 members of the B-team . You know they work well together ; you 've had honey before . This time , they teamed up to trap a police officer inside his car for 3 hours ! Officer is totally fine . But can you imagine being trapped in your car by bees in the summer heat ? You know that 's got ta be swarm . Eventually , some experts came out to box up the bees and free the deputy . Goodbye AZUZ : Which put an end to this arresting development . Arres-sting : That 's a two-for-one ! You ca n't beee-at that . Next time , they should just call out the swat unit ! Okay , we 'll buzz off . But just 'til tomorrow . If you watched CNN Student News last year , you know that Fridays are awesome . I 'm Carl Azuz . We will see you then . Thanks for joining us .	Learn about the U.S. role in efforts to get aid to flood victims in Pakistan Find out why experts are excited about newly-discovered Civil War artifacts Shed some light on why extreme heat could leave many Americans in the dark Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
New York  CNN  Friends remember Ellen Brody , a mother of three , as someone who was n't careless or put others at risk . But the Mercedes-Benz SUV she was driving Tuesday evening suddenly moved into the path of Metro-North train , triggering the deadliest crash in the history of the New York commuter railroad , a safety official said . The engineer saw the SUV and applied the emergency brake as the train traveled at 58 mph , just under the speed limit of 60 , National Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt said Thursday . It was 6:26 p.m. . The train sounded its horn appropriately . The flashing lights and gates at the crossing functioned properly , officials said . The eight-car train stopped 950 feet after the brake was applied , Sumwalt said . That 's about the distance that the SUV was dragged . Brody and five train passengers were killed . A witness who was driving a car behind the SUV told the NTSB that the vehicle stopped at the crossing Tuesday night . The SUV driver came out of her vehicle after her rear window was struck by a gate . The warning lights activated 39 seconds before the collision , the NTSB said . The gates came down a few seconds later -- leaving the SUV in the train 's path about half a minute . The witness told investigators that he saw flashing lights that signaled the approaching train . He said he backed up slightly and gestured at Brody to back up away from the gate . She returned to the vehicle and , in what seemed like "  enough time to put on a seat belt , " suddenly moved the SUV forward into the train 's path , Sumwalt said . "  What we have here is ... a mosaic , " Sumwalt said . "  We 're going to take different pieces of information ... assemble it and see what that picture looks like . " The goal , he said , is to construct "  a timeline so we know exactly what happened and when . " Steven Harrod , a railroad expert and former professor at University of Dayton in Ohio , said oncoming trains rarely can stop in time for vehicles on tracks . "  It is a physical reality , " he said . "  The train 's ` failure to stop ' is not a surprise or a cause of the accident ... This accident was unfortunate bad luck ... It is a constant battle against vehicles on road crossings . " The SUV driver and other motorists had been diverted to the area of the rail crossing after another unrelated accident on a nearby parkway , according to the NTSB . More than a dozen other people were injured in the crash . It 's not known why the SUV stopped on the tracks in Valhalla , about 30 miles north of New York City , the NTSB said . Sumwalt said he believed Brody had owned the SUV a short period of time . ` She had just a beautiful soul ' "  This was a tragic accident and you wonder why it happened , but certainly this it was not her , " said Paul Feiner , Brody 's longtime friend . "  She was not a careless person . She would not ever do anything that would put anybody at risk . " A mother of three girls , Brody , 49 , worked at a jewelry store for 10 years , according to friends . She had just left the store when she was killed . "  Her girls really adore her , " said Benjy Silverman , Rabbi at Chabad of the Rivertowns . "  Her husband and her were very close . It 's really just a beautiful family unit . " Virginia Shasha , a co-worker at the store , said : "  In one word ... she just had a beautiful soul . She looked for the good in others . She was , she looked for the good . " Brody 's actions behind the wheel moments before the crash are a focus of the investigation , officials said . "  There are two big questions here : Why was the car on the train tracks ? " Sumwalt asked . "  And what caused this accident to be fatal for occupants of the train ? " Sumwalt said the NTSB is also examining the train 's exits , the "  crashworthiness " of the rail cars , and the intensity of the fire -- which may have been fueled by the SUV 's gas tank . Some 400 feet of the electrified third rail perforated the first rail car and part of the second in 80-foot sections "  breaking apart section by section , just basically piling up " in the cars , according to the NTSB . Brody was killed in the collision along with train passengers Walter Liedtke , European paintings curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art ; Eric Vandercar , a senior managing director for Mesirow Financial ; Robert Dirks , a scientist with D. E. Shaw Research ; and Joseph Nadol and Aditya Tomar of J.P. Morgan . Brody 's husband , Alan , on Facebook expressed his gratitude to those who have reached out . "  Thank you to those who shared their condolences for the terrible tragedy that took my beloved wife , Ellen , whom so many of you knew . We will be saying goodbye to her on Friday Feb. 6th , 10 am at 303 Broadway , Dobbs Ferry , NY . " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Tuesday 's fiery crash was the deadliest in Metro-North Railroad history SUV stopped on the tracks ; driver and five people aboard train were killed
Cairo  CNN  -- A day after at least 580 died amid ferocious clashes between protesters and security forces , Egypt 's government defended its actions in the face of sweeping condemnation -- insisting its troops fired in self-defense and were n't even responsible for many of the deaths . The violence stirred world leaders , some of them longtime Egyptian allies , to sharply criticize the Cairo government for going too far in its treatment of supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy , whom the military forced out of office several weeks ago . In addition to the hundreds killed , the Egyptian Health Ministry reports more than 4,000 were injured Wednesday in clashes that began when security forces moved in to break up protesters demonstrating in support of Morsy , according to state TV . There is no disputing the violence was Egypt 's worst since the 2011 revolution that ousted President Hosni Mubarak . Yet Egypt 's ambassador to Great Britain said his government 's forces had done what it needed to do , and done it responsibly , blaming protesters for inciting and carrying out the violence . "  What the Egyptian government did , and the police , is an obligation from any state towards its people , to defend its interests and to protect them , " said Ambassador Ashraf Elkholy . "  And 48 days of occupying an area in Egypt , stopping civilians going to their homes or their businesses or their schools , is unaccepted in any community . " The Muslim Brotherhood -- the Islamist group that Morsy had led and that was the target of the crackdown , which it says left even more of its supporters dead -- had a very different take . Its officials have characterized the government 's action as a massacre and vowed to continue protests until Morsy is restored to power . "  The protests never stopped throughout the night and we will continue our sit-ins and demonstrations all over the country until democracy and the legitimate rule are restored in Egypt , " Muslim Brotherhood leader Essam Elerian said Thursday . True to Elerian 's word , pro-Morsy protesters kept up the pressure on the interim government , staging a sit-in in Nasr City , blocking a road near the country 's iconic pyramids and storming a government building in Giza , according to state media . Authorities evacuated the building , which caught on fire . Four people also died Thursday in clashes between Muslim Brotherhood members and residents of the city , state-run Nile TV said . State-run TV also said Morsy supporters were attacking police stations , hospitals and government buildings in areas outside Cairo , despite a state of emergency declared Wednesday by the military-backed interim government that limits public gatherings and gives more power to security forces to make arrests . Security forces were active overnight Thursday as well , including entering a mosque in the Nasr City section of Cairo where the bodies of people killed in Wednesday 's violence were being held . State TV reported that Morsy supporters left the mosque after being searched -- peaceably after negotiations -- and five ambulances left with the bodies . Adding to the tension , the Interior Ministry announced that police would be using live ammunition to fend off any further attacks on government buildings or security forces . That announcement came as yet more protests were expected on Friday , which raised the possibility of more violence . Gehad El-Haddad , a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman , tweeted that anti-government protests would start Friday from mosques around Cairo and converge at a massive rally in Ramses Square in the heart of the capital . Tellingly , El-Haddad coined what was expected to come as a "  Friday of Anger . " Obama condemns Egyptian military crackdown on civilians World condemnation The bloodshed that 's already occurred has brought criticism from officials from numerous countries , threatening to further destabilize Egypt 's already precarious economy and political situation . Among them is U.S. President Barack Obama , who accused the Egyptian government of choosing violence and arbitrary arrests over an opportunity to resolve its crisis through peaceful dialogue . World urges Egypt to show restraint He further announced the cancellation of joint U.S.-Egyptian military training exercises scheduled for next month -- a move Pentagon spokesman George Little shows Washington 's "  strong objection to recent events " -- and warned that the traditional cooperation between the two nations "  can not continue as usual when civilians are being killed in the streets . " Obama was among those who urged Egyptian leaders to lift a monthlong state of emergency put in place Wednesday . The declaration mirrors the kind of stifling police state that the nation lived through under Mubarak , before the Egyptian people rose up in protests that resulted in his overthrow and eventually Morsy 's rise to power as the country 's first democratically elected president . Pleading for calm , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay asked for an investigation into the violence . "  The number of people killed or injured , even according to the government 's figures , point to an excessive , even extreme , use of force against demonstrators , " she said . "  There must be an independent , impartial , effective and credible investigation of the conduct of the security forces . Anyone found guilty of wrongdoing should be held to account . " The U.N. Security Council convened an urgent meeting Thursday evening on the crisis . "  It is important ... that the parties exercise maximum restraint , and there was a common desire to stop the violence and advance national reconciliation , " Argentine U.N. Ambassador Maria Cristina Perceval said on behalf of the council members . Germany , France and other nations summoned Egypt 's ambassadors to their nations to express dismay over the violence , with Italy typical among them in criticizing the "  force used by police  as  brutal , disproportionate and ... not justifiable . " Denmark suspended economic aid to the country . As to the United States -- which provides about $ 1.6 billion in annual aid to Egypt -- it is continuing to review such programs "  in all forms , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday . Even predominantly Muslim nations voiced displeasure , with Turkey recalling its ambassador in Egypt to return to Ankara in light of the crisis , a Turkish foreign ministry spokesperson said . Mom 's desperate text to daughter killed in Egypt Raids followed by chaos , attacks on churches The violence erupted as security forces raided pro-Morsy camps Wednesday after weeks of simmering tension . Clashes and gunfire broke out , leaving pools of blood and bodies strewn in the streets . Authorities bulldozed tents and escorted hundreds of people away . Some mothers and fathers managed to whisk away their children , gas masks on their faces . Morsy supporters also reportedly attacked a number of Christian churches . It 's not clear how many were targeted , but Dalia Ziada , of the Ibn Khadun Center for Development Studies , said Thursday that her group had documented the burning of 29 churches and Coptic facilities across the country . "  This is horrible to happen in only one day , " she said . The Bible Society of Egypt said 15 churches and three Christian schools had been attacked , some set on fire . At least 84 people , including Muslim Brotherhood members , have been referred to military prosecutors for charges including murder and the burning of churches , the state-run EGYNews site reported . Nile TV said Morsy supporters attacked another church Thursday in Fayoum , southwest of Cairo . The Egypt raid , at a glance Muslim Brotherhood leader defiant Rather than uniting Egypt after Mubarak 's fall , divisions intensified during Morsy 's time as president . Critics accused him of being authoritarian , trying to force the Muslim Brotherhood 's Islamic agenda on the country and failing to deliver freedom and justice . Morsy 's supporters say the deposed president was n't given a fair chance and say his backers have been unfairly targeted for expressing their opinion . Though Morsy has not appeared in public since he was taken into custody , his supporters have amassed on the streets nationwide to slam military leaders and demand his reinstatement . Experts : What the bloodshed in Cairo means Meanwhile , Elerian -- the senior Muslim Brotherhood member still at large -- said he 's not deterred by calls for his arrest . "  They can arrest me and 100 of us , but they ca n't arrest every honorable citizen in Egypt , " Elerian told CNN on Thursday . "  They ca n't stop this glorious revolution . " CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo ; Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ian Lee , Frederik Pleitgen , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho and Holly Yan also contributed to this report .	NEW : Morsy supporters peaceably leave mosque where bodies were being held Health ministry : At least 580 killed , over 4,000 injured Wednesday in clashes Nations condemn crackdown ; Egypt official defends it , says troops did n't cause many deaths Muslim Brotherhood touts "  Friday of Anger " protests in Cairo
CNN  A gunman killed at least four people , including a 7-year-old , and wounded two others Saturday afternoon at a home in suburban Atlanta , authorities said . The shooter , whose identity has not been released , shot six people before he shot and killed himself , said Douglas County Coroner Randy Daniel . The 7-year-old , two adults and another minor were killed . Two children sustained life-threatening injuries . Daniel told CNN that investigators were "  still trying to sort this out " when asked whether the gunman and his victims were related . Sheriff 's Chief Deputy Stan Copeland told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that in his 38 years on the job "  he 'd  never seen this many victims in one shooting . " "  Neighbors are in shock , " he said . Douglas County is west of Atlanta .	Shooter kills 4 , wounds two , before killing himself at a home outside of Atlanta Two minors who survived sustain life-threatening injuries
CNN  -- After the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut , hundreds of thousands of cards , letters , drawings , stuffed animals and other sentimental items poured into Newtown from throughout the world in a show of support . Newtown resident Yolie Moreno said Friday that she plans a unique way to turn those sentiments into the actual building blocks of a future memorial . Moreno started an initiative called Embracing Newtown which will make use of the massive amounts of material that turned up starting in January at the town 's municipal center . She wanted to ensure that well wishes were preserved . Moreno enlisted the help of more than 100 volunteers to sort through the piles of mementos . The items were incinerated , with the ashes , or what Moreno called "  sacred soil , " to be used in the making of bricks to serve as the foundation of a future memorial honoring the 26 who lost their lives . The incarceration occurred in garbage facility that allowed volunteers to be present , Moreno said . "  Every single thing was -LSB- incinerated -RSB- to make sure it was not thrown away , " she said . "  I 'm talking the tags from every teddy bear . Nothing ended up in a landfill . " Four tractor-trailer cargo containers hold the incinerated mementos , Moreno said . Moreno described the process as energy being transformed into a testament to the love and goodness of the people who reached out to Newtown in so many ways . The kindness of strangers was also documented on the website embracingnewtown.com , where galleries of the artwork and letters can be viewed as well as at Newtown 's Library . The letters that appear on the website have also been archived , according to Moreno . "  You will be in my dreams tonight , " says the writing on one drawing on embracingnewtown.com , with a list of the names of 26 who were killed on December 14 , 2012 and the image of a sleeping child . Another letter states , "  Not one kid will be forgotten . " "  The letters were for students as they 're processing this through their life , " she said . "  They 'll see these inspirational letters and that people really care . That 's my goal . " The letters came from every state as well as dozens of countries . "  This was never about me , " Moreno said . "  This is about what happened to Sandy Hook . This was just an important thing to do . "	Newtown residents collected mementos that poured into town from throughout the world Items were incinerated , with the ashes to be used in the making of bricks for memorial Four tractor trailer cargo containers hold ashes of incinerated mementos
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban have declared a cease-fire in South Waziristan , one of the seven semi-autonomous tribal areas in northwest Pakistan , three Taliban commanders told CNN Tuesday . The cease-fire -- agreed a month ago -- follows back-channel peace talks that have been taking place between intermediaries representing the Pakistani government and the Pakistani Taliban , the commanders said . The commanders , speaking under condition of anonymity , said the talks were preliminary and began in late September , focusing only on South Waziristan . The group has demanded an exchange of prisoners , the withdrawal of Pakistani troops from South Waziristan and compensation for the victims of army operations in the area , which borders Afghanistan , the Taliban commanders told CNN . The Pakistani Taliban has made preliminary contacts with the government through local tribal elders to explore the possibilities of a peace deal , the commanders said . South Waziristan is believed to be the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban leadership . The outcome of the purported back-channel talks is not yet known -- and senior figures in the country 's government and military have denied they are going on . The official spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , a group that has not always spoken with one voice , categorically denied the commanders ' claims . "  We are not against Pakistan . We are against the U.S. and its allies , " spokesman Ahsanullah Ahsan said . "  Once Pakistan stops acting as an ally of America , only then will we be open to peace talks with the Pakistani government . " Pakistan 's interior minister denied the government is actively in talks with any faction of the Pakistani Taliban . "  The Taliban have been trying to contact us ; however , we will not engage in peace talks with them until they give up their arms , " Interior Minister Rehman Malik told CNN . Malik said the message the Pakistani government has sent to the Taliban is : "  Give up your arms and then we will talk . " The Pakistan military dismissed the reports of ongoing peace talks as "  concocted and baseless . " Commander Asif Yasin Malik , a military spokesman , told reporters in Mingora , in Pakistan 's northwestern Swat district : "  We are not talking to the Taliban . This is the government 's job , not ours . " Both the Taliban and the Pakistani government would consider any talks highly sensitive because of the risk of being perceived as abandoning their cause and appeasing the enemy . Both sides have set conditions for talks and neither wants to be seen as the side that abandons its conditions . This may explain why the two sides are denying talks are taking place and apparently using go-betweens instead of meeting directly . The Pakistani government faces the added risk of upsetting the United States , since Washington has long pressed Pakistan to get more aggressive with violent extremists along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . The United States expressed serious concern after Pakistan 's short-lived peace deal with the Pakistani Taliban in 2008 . Founded by Baitullah Mehsud in 2007 , the Pakistani Taliban is a banned Islamist group said to have links with the Afghan Taliban and al Qaeda . Since its inception , the group has focused its attacks on military forces and installations as well as civilian targets in the region . Journalists Saboor Khattak and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban commanders say a cease-fire was agreed in South Waziristan They say talks focus on South Waziristan and include a demand for troop withdrawal The Pakistani Taliban 's official spokesman denies talks are taking place The Pakistani government and military also say reports of talks are baseless
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A large crane used to load and unload containers from cargo vessels , was bent , twisted and leaning toward the water at the main port for Haiti 's capital city on Thursday . Roads leading toward the city from a dock normally used for offloading ships were impassable , buckled about 5 feet high by Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake . Three vessels loaded down with medical supplies , food , clothing and water for earthquake victims had nowhere to dock and offload , according to a Haitian shipping company who provided them . Meanwhile , so many aid planes had landed at the Port-au-Prince 's airport that a bottleneck was created , and space to unload aid items was at a premium . Some planes were held in the air because there was no space to land and unload them . The Haitian government stopped accepting flights Thursday because ramp space at the airport in Port-au-Prince was saturated and no fuel was available , said Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Laura Brown . The FAA put a ground stop in effect , meaning the United States was not granting takeoff clearances for Haiti until it was notified space was available . "  There is one big problem , " said Raymond Joseph , Haitian ambassador to the United States , on CNN 's "  Amanpour . " "  The aid is coming now and getting to the Port-au-Prince airport . And it 's not getting out , because of the road system . " He said he hoped the United States and other nations would bring in equipment to help clear the roads . In addition , he said , the airport was overcrowded . "  And that is due , probably , to the fact that the control tower fell ... but we understand that the U.S. , especially the Defense Department , was putting up an emergency control tower . " Weary Haiti continues search for survivors State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday afternoon that U.S. military air traffic controllers were running Port-au-Prince 's airport , per an agreement with the Haitian government . However , the government was in charge of airspace , Crowley said . Earlier Thursday , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said the quake 's aftermath represented "  a major humanitarian disaster . " He said the international goal is to save as many lives as possible within the first 72 hours following the quake . Ban called the outpouring of global support "  one of the most heartening facts in this otherwise heartbreaking story . " Nations worldwide were sending doctors , medical supplies , medicine , food and water , as well as security personnel and troops . French President Nicolas Sarkozy suggested the world use the crisis in Haiti as an opportunity to help the nation move out of its difficult economic situation , and is calling on leaders of several nations to set up a conference to discuss Haitian reconstruction and rehabilitation . One of two U.S. military cargo planes carrying a 30-member assessment team arrived at Port-au-Prince airport Wednesday evening to assess Haiti 's needs . One of the team 's first jobs is to get the airport working enough to handle aid flights from around the world . Also Thursday , the United Kingdom announced it would provide $ 10 million for relief efforts . Belize , Brazil , China , Chile , Spain , Canada , Israel , Iceland , Ireland , the United States and Morocco were among the many other countries offering aid . Global agencies also were assisting . The World Bank pledged $ 100 million in emergency funds . The World Health Organization was dispatching personnel to Haiti Thursday morning , with a priority of identifying hospitals functioning well enough to treat the injured and coordinate an international health response . After relief organizations found themselves tripping over one another following the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , they decided to coordinate their efforts with those of non-United Nations organizations in what is called the "  U.N. Cluster System . " In the system , the World Health Organization plays the lead coordinating role for health ; the U.N. high commissioner for Refugees or the Red Cross does it for shelter ; and the World Food Programme does it for food , according to Christy Feig , WHO 's director of communications . The United Nations was releasing $ 10 million from its Central Emergency Relief Fund , as well as mobilizing an emergency response team . Ban said he had appointed Assistant Secretary-General Edmond Mulet to Haiti to direct the emergency response from Haiti . One Chinese and two U.S. search and rescue teams were arriving Wednesday , he said , with more expected Thursday . Impact Your World : How you can help Former U.S. President Bill Clinton urged people to donate to www.clintonfoundation.org/haitiearthquake . "  Anybody who sends us money , we 're just going to move it into those supplies quickly , " he said . He urged world leaders who have already made a commitment at a Clinton Foundation donors ' conference to ensure they had fulfilled it . "  Most countries are way behind on fulfilling it , " he said . "  They -LSB- Haitians -RSB- need your help now . " Ban said the United Nations will issue a "  flash appeal " on Friday . The U.N. defines a flash appeal as a tool for structuring a coordinated humanitarian response for the first three to six months of an emergency . However , officials are trying to figure out how much to request , Ban said . "  It is very hard at this time to have an exact estimate . " The Red Cross promised $ 10 million in aid , along with supplies such as tarps , mosquito nets and cooking sets . The World Food Programme was airlifting 86 metric tons of food , enough for more than 500,000 meals , including ready-to-eat food and high-energy biscuits , it said . Doctors Without Borders said in a statement it has treated more than 1,000 people since the earthquake , operating out of open-air hospitals , and its primary concern is "  the overwhelming numbers of people who need immediate treatment and major surgery . " Food , water and shelter materials are also in short supply , said the organization . http://www.clintonfoundation.org/haitiearthquake/ Numerous other aid groups -- Islamic Relief USA , AmeriCares , UNICEF , the International Rescue Committee and the Salvation Army , among others -- were also contributing to relief efforts . UNICEF relief worker Guido Cornale told CNN that in Jacmel , a city southwest of Port-au-Prince , UNICEF was providing clean drinking water to those affected by the quake and has distributed 2,500 kits that can be used to set up kitchens in camps set up by the government to house victims . Aid also came from other , more unconventional sources . The Jolie-Pitt Foundation , started by actors Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt , donated $ 1 Million to Doctors Without Borders ; the New York Yankees donated $ 500,000 , Major League Baseball $ 1 million . And the American Red Cross and musician Wyclef Jean 's Yele foundation were accepting donations by text message -- $ 10 by texting "  Haiti " to 90999 , and $ 5 by texting "  Yele " to 501501 . The donations will appear on cell phone bills . And businesses including UPS , Google , Coca-Cola , Lowe 's , the Bank of America Charitable Foundation and Wal-Mart each pledged at least $ 500,000 for relief efforts . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Nations and agencies rushing to send aid to Haiti faced with problems in trying to deliver it Relief agencies coordinate efforts after "  tripping over each other " after 2004 tsunami World Bank promises $ 100 million in emergency funds Movie stars , Major League Baseball , corporations making large donations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Pacific Gas and Electric Company must pay $ 38 million for safety violations in connection with a Christmas Eve 2008 explosion and fire in northern California , officials said . The penalty is the largest safety violation fine for a utility in California history , said Andrew Kotch , spokesman for the California Public Utilities Commission . The fine was larger than the $ 26 million recommended to an administrative law judge , but the judge imposed the bigger fine , which was approved Thursday by the commission , officials said . The explosion and fire were caused by a natural gas leak . They destroyed a house in Rancho Cordova , California , near Sacramento , authorities said . One person died and five other people , including a utility worker and a firefighter , were injured . The commission said PG&E committed safety violations that included not following its internal procedures after discovering the installation of a gas pipe with a wall thickness below specifications ; not administering drug and alcohol tests after the Rancho Cordova explosion to all employees "  whose performance on December 24 , 2008 , under the circumstances presented , could not be completely discounted as a contributing factor to the accident " ; and making an "  unreasonably delayed and not effective " response to a neighborhood resident 's phone call about an outdoor gas leak odor . "  This decision sends a signal that California is taking a firm stand on integrity and safety in its gas distribution infrastructure , " Timothy Alan Simon , the commissioner assigned in this proceeding , said in a statement . PG&E ca n't raise rates on customers to recover any portion of the penalty and other costs associated with the commission 's decision , and the fine payment will be turned over to the state 's general fund , the commission said .	NEW : The fine is largest ever for safety violations by a utility in California history The fine against Pacific Gas & Electric is larger than a recommended $ 26 million PG&E committed safety violations in 2008 explosion in Rancho Cordova "  This decision sends a signal , " commissioner says
CNN  -- Syrian Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi survived a bombing targeting his motorcade on Monday in an upscale Damascus neighborhood , but the government and the opposition each reported casualties . "  The premier is safe , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said , citing an official government source . The incident occurred in a leafy swath of the Mezzeh district in southwest Damascus . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a group opposed to President Bashar al-Assad 's government , also reported that the prime minister survived . The observatory said one of al-Halqi 's escorts and five civilians were killed . Another escort and a driver were badly injured , the group said . SANA , which called the blast a "  terrorist explosion " targeting al-Halqi 's convoy , reported casualties but did not list details . The agency 's website cited material damage and posted images of badly damaged cars and a person being carried away on a stretcher . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the blast . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack , saying all violence in Syria must end . "  The targeting of civilians and civilian objects by anyone is unacceptable , " a spokesman for his office said in a written statement . "  The secretary-general remains extremely worried at the continued escalation of violence in Syria , where civilians continue to be killed , injured , detained and abducted every day . " Mezzeh is strategically important because it is along a highway that connects to a major Syrian air force base . McCain : ` Angry and bitter ' Syrians need America 's help It is also near Mount Mezzeh , the home of al-Assad 's palace . For months , Syrian rebels have been trying to infiltrate Damascus in their attempt to oust al-Assad and end four decades of family rule . The civil war in Syria has killed more than 70,000 people , mostly civilians , over the past two years . Syria and chemical weapons Russia sounded another warning Monday about the West 's consternation about allegations that Syria has used chemical weapons . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov maintained it 's "  unacceptable " for countries to use the weapons of mass destruction issue in Syria to topple the al-Assad government . "  Perhaps there are some states that believe any methods are good as long as they can help overthrow the Syrian regime . However , the subject of the use of weapons of mass destruction is far too serious , " he said , according to state-run RIA Novosti . "  I think it is unacceptable to use it , to speculate on it for geopolitical purposes . " RIA Novosti said Lavrov was commenting on American and British statements that chemical weapons may have been used in Syria . Rebels attack military airports across the country , opposition says The foreign minister previously warned against a repeat of the "  Iraqi scenario " in which claims that Saddam Hussein 's government possessed so-called weapons of mass destruction were the basis of the U.S.-led invasion . He also said that international investigators were asking "  too much " by demanding access to all facilities in Syria and to have the right to interview any Syrians . In a letter sent to lawmakers before Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced there was evidence that sarin was used in Syria , the White House said that intelligence analysts have concluded "  with varying degrees of confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale in Syria , specifically the chemical agent sarin . " President Barack Obama has said that the use of chemical weapons in Syria would cross a "  red line " threshold for greater U.S. action in the country . The White House cautioned that the "  chain of custody " of the chemicals was not clear and that intelligence analysts could not confirm the circumstances under which the sarin was used , including the role of al-Assad 's regime . British Prime Minister David Cameron said that he supported Obama and that the use of chemical weapons should constitute a "  red line , " the UK Press Association reported . But if a red line has been crossed , Cameron was less clear on what the next steps should be . Syria denies that it has used , or even possesses , chemical weapons , accusing the United States and Britain of lying in order to pressure the embattled Damascus government . Syria : U.S. manipulating chemical weapons evidence	NEW : U.N. condemns attack , calls for immediate end to violence Syrian opposition group reports deaths The blast takes place in Mezzeh , near President Bashar al-Assad 's palace No one immediately claimed responsibility for the explosion
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday threw its weight and pocketbook behind the federal investigation of a California slaughterhouse where CNN exposed issues surrounding one of the biggest meat recalls in years . The latest congressional action authorizes $ 1 million in additional funding to "  provide for a swift completion " of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's probe into the Rancho Feeding Corporation . Federal investigators have said they believe the Petaluma , California-based company bought diseased dairy cows and processed them when government inspectors were n't there . After the cows were killed , employees would hide the warning signs of cancer by trimming off diseased parts , using a fake stamp of approval or even replacing the heads of sick cows with ones from healthy animals . That all contributed to the February recall of nearly 9 million pounds of meat as well as a criminal investigation , according to sources familiar with the probe . A federal law enforcement source has told CNN that charges against Rancho 's former owners -- the plant has since been sold -- have been decided . But that decision has yet to become public . And in the plant where it all went down , a government inspector and a Rancho foreman were involved in an inappropriate romance , according to documents obtained by CNN . A USDA spokesman said last month that the department "  is conducting a thorough investigation into personnel issues related to this case . " Yet Reps. Jared Huffman and Mike Thompson , two Democrats from California who spearheaded Wednesday 's action in the House , criticized what they characterized as the limited information federal investigators have so far provided in the case . The extra $ 1 million funding "  will help ensure that the inspector general , the office tasked with ensuring the integrity of USDA operations , has the support it needs from Congress to do its job and ensure that the food supply is safe , " according to a news release . "  Many of my ranching constituents are facing serious financial losses and they ca n't get any information from  the  USDA about what happened , " Huffman said on the House floor . "  We have more information from CNN than we have gotten from  the  USDA -- this is completely unacceptable , " said Huffman , whose district includes the now-defunct Rancho plant . How 9 million pounds of bad meat got in food supply	The House OKs $ 1 million for a USDA investigation of a California slaughterhouse Authorities recalled nearly 9 million pounds of meat from there in February A congressman says investigators have been too slow to make information public "  We have more information from CNN than ... from the  the  USDA , " he says
CNN  -- A children 's book about gun rights has benefited from an unexpected boost in sales after it became the subject of a mocking segment on "  Real Time with Bill Maher " last week . "  My Parents Open Carry " is the story of a typical Saturday for 13-year-old Brenna Strong , running errands with her parents while they carry handguns in plain sight , or "  open carry . " "  If you open carry and have a difficult time explaining why to your family and friends , or if you want to learn about the open carry of a handgun , or if you 've wondered if open carry is right for you , then this book is what you need , " is how the book 's website sums up the plot . Published by White Feather Press , the book was made available in 2012 on limited release and picked up by Amazon in February of this year . Its appearance on "  Real Time " on August 1 increased sales dramatically , with orders pouring in , according to White Feather Press founder Skip Coryell . "  Sales were weak for the first few years , " Coryell said . "  But after it was trashed on the show , sales have gone up . " "  It happened overnight , " he said . "  Took me by surprise as a publisher . " The book was featured on the "  New Rules " portion of Maher 's show , during which Maher commented on the book 's cover illustration , asking "  if mom and dad are both safe because they 're packing , why are they using their daughter as a human shield ? " Open carry has been a hot topic of conversation with several state legislatures debating its merits . Georgia recently passed legislation that allows gun owners to openly bear firearms in public places , such as bars , schools and churches . Georgia law allows guns in some schools , bars , churches On Amazon , "  My Parents Open Carry " has a total of 115 reviews . All but 11 of them are one-star or five-stars , and many of the reviews have been posted in days following the show . Most of the reviewers admit to not having read the book . Some say they have , though , such as "  Ken , " who posted a five-star review on August 5 : "  I did purchase the book and found it to be very helpful to my daughter . She was able to easily relate to the characters and apply their situation to our family . I would recommend this book to anyone that carries a firearm with kids ages 5-10 . " The authors , Brian Jeffs and Nathan Nephew , are founders of the nonprofit group Michigan Open Carry , Inc. . When they started the group in 2009 , Jeffs said that it was n't widely known what open carry was , or that it was legal in the state . "  Our organization provided educational materials and seminars on the legality of open carry , " Jeffs said . "  We answered many of the same questions over and over as well as debunked the myths surrounding the practice . " Jeffs decided that they should write a book answering the most common questions they got about open carry . "  Since so many books were for adults , I thought a nice change would be a kid 's book . " As expected , the reactions to the book have been mixed , and Jeffs said he 's gotten death threat e-mails from anti-gun critics . Opinion : Gun law packs dangers , police chief says Despite the threats , the authors already have plans to write a sequel to the book , and Nephew is working on an outline . According to the book 's website , the illustrator , Lorna Bergman , is also from Michigan , and enjoys deer hunting and shooting . "  While we strongly support providing children with information that will protect them from gun violence , this book crosses the line from information into the realm of indoctrination , " a representative from Parents Against Gun Violence told CNN in an e-mail . "  We welcome material that makes children safer from gun violence , but this book is not it . " Would you buy "  My Parents Open Carry " for your children ? Share your take in the comments section below .	"  My Parents Open Carry " is a children 's book about bearing firearms in public The book gained notoriety after being mentioned on "  Real Time with Bill Maher " last week Publisher said the book 's "  weak " sales increased dramatically following the show
Beijing  CNN  -- Prosecutors in eastern China have charged six Communist Party investigators who allegedly drowned a local official during interrogation with intentional assault , the victim 's family told CNN . The news reignites debate over the existence of a secretive extrajudicial process faced by accused Communist Party members . Yu Qiyi , 41 , who was the chief engineer of state-owned Wenzhou Industrial Investment Group in Zhejiang province , died in a local hospital on April 9 . The night before , the six investigators made Yu strip and sit in a bathtub filled with icy water , and then repeatedly held his head under water despite his struggling and cries for help , according to the indictment paper , a copy of which was provided to CNN by the Yu family . The Wenzhou branch of the ruling Communist Party 's Discipline Inspection Commission had detained Yu for more than a month to question his role in a land deal . Prosecutors in nearby Quzhou , who were assigned the case , said that evidence has clearly shown that , frustrated by his perceived lack of cooperation , the investigators tortured Yu in an attempt to extract a confession . Yu 's body was covered with bruises in photos taken in the hospital by a family lawyer . The official autopsy sent to the family said Yu died of "  lung malfunction caused by inhaled fluids , caused by others . " "  He looked so painfully thin that he became almost unrecognizable , " Yu 's wife Wu Qian told CNN , adding that she was disappointed by the authorities ' handling of the aftermath despite the indictment . "  They came only once after his death and told me they would deal with the case in a civilized way , " she said . "  During the autopsy and investigation , I was not informed at all . " As Chinese President Xi Jinping vows to eradicate rampant corruption , Yu 's case has become the latest example of the controversial "  shuanggui " process , which often involves lengthy detention and what critics call brutal treatment of accused officials , especially those who refuse to admit wrongdoings . "  Shuanggui " literally means "  dual designation " in Chinese , which is short for a probe conducted in a designated time and designated location . Since it is based on the Communist Party 's own regulations instead of formal laws and procedures , shuanggui is even less transparent than the party-controlled judicial system . Recent state media reports have highlighted torture allegations in several shuanggui cases , including the sudden deaths of a court official in Henan province in April and a seismological agency director in Hubei province in June . Both families have described the officials ' bruised bodies as signs of torture and demanded thorough investigations . During his high-profile trial last month , disgraced Communist Party leader Bo Xilai mentioned making false confessions under pressure while in shuanggui confinement . "  The investigators took care of me and spoke to me politely , " Bo said in his closing remarks , according to a court-released transcript . "  But I was under pressure during the process . " Some of Bo 's courtroom comments expunged from the official account , however , include his detailing of threats made against him and his family by investigators , two individuals with detailed knowledge of the trial told CNN . During his pre-trial incarceration , according to those sources , Bo said investigators warned him of the possibility of his wife 's execution and his son 's arrest , and told him about the cases of other prominent officials -- one of whom confessed and was spared , and another who did not cooperate and was executed . Although many legal experts view the prosecution of Yu 's alleged torturers as a small step forward , they say the key is to address the root cause of his death . "  The six investigators arrested were mere scapegoats , " said Pu Zhiqiang , one of the lawyers representing the Yu family , blaming the legal team 's difficulty to access the case files on political sensitivity of the shuanggui issue . "  Shuanggui is an illegal process -- abuse and torture during interrogation have become standard operating procedure . " Pu calls for the abolition of shuanggui , comparing it to the notorious "  laojiao " -- or "  re-education through labor " -- another extrajudicial system in China that allows police to jail offenders in labor camps for up to four years without trial . The horrific details of Yu 's case seem to have jolted ordinary Chinese citizens into reassessing a procedure that has long been hailed as an effective weapon against corrupt party officials . Many had just applauded the party leadership 's recent decision to launch corruption investigations against several senior officials tied to the state oil industry , including a member of the elite Central Committee whose sacking was announced earlier this week . As Internet users condemn Yu 's torture on social media , a number of state-run news outlets have also voiced their concern over an unchecked process . "  Power without powerful supervision makes everyone a potential victim -- whether you are a subject of the shuanggui rules like Yu Qiyi or an imprisoned former enforcer of those rules , " read a commentary published in the Yunnan Information Daily on Thursday , with an apparent reference to Bo Xilai , who once governed the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing with an iron fist . "  Cracking down on corruption and punishing the corrupt are the common aspiration of the people , " it added . "  But no matter how just the end is , it has to be achieved through just means . " By Thursday night , the article had disappeared from the newspaper 's website . CNN 's Feng Ke contributed to this report .	Yu Qiyi , 41 , who was being investigated for his part in a land deal , died on April 9 Six investigators have been charged with his death , official indictment papers say They repeatedly held his head under icy water in a bathtub , according to his family President Xi Jinping 's administration have been cracking down on official corruption
The submarine 's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight , but according to its 18-year-old inventor , this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives . The Nautilus took high school inventor Justin Beckerman just six months and $ 2,000 to put together -- all while keeping on top of his homework . "  He has been building things since he was two years old , " says his mother , Jess Beckerman . "  If we tried to help him we would just get in the way and mess things up . " The submarine has ballast tanks to maintain its depth and equilibrium ; air vents that bring oxygen down from the surface ; a functioning PA and a range of emergency systems including back-up batteries , a siren , strobe lights , a breathing apparatus and a pump to fight leaks . The vessel can remain submerged for up to two hours and travels beneath the waves at one and a half miles per hour . Beckerman says he is going to use it to "  explore the lake , see fish and hopefully find a bit of history , like the cannons from my neighbors ' historic house " that , he says , were dumped in the lake during renovations in the 1960s . When he was younger , Beckerman began by making things out of balloons and string , but as the years went by his inventions grew in scale and complexity . At the age of 12 , instead of complaining about having to help with the housework , he developed a remote-controlled car that could mop and vacuum . Beckerman 's website is a testament to his enormous productivity . It is a menagerie of home-constructed machines including boats , planes , architectural constructions , and prize-winning robots . The materials he uses in his creations are often technological cast-offs from family and friends , or garbage scavenged from electronics recycling facilities . The Nautilus has regulators and pressure gauges from an old restaurant soda fountain that Beckerman found behind a shopping center . The two main batteries are from a child 's ride-on toy , and its PA speakers are made from an old car stereo . Beckerman says he decided to build the submarine because "  I wanted to see if I could do it . It combined so many different aspects of things that I had worked on in the past . " The Nautilus has the most ambitious wiring system Beckerman has installed since he constructed his tree fort -- a veritable forest castle that puts all other tree forts to shame . Armed with more modern conveniences than many proper homes , the fort has a TV , wall-mounted speakers , desktop computer , air conditioning , shelving , and fluorescent lights . "  It has everything a house should have , " says Beckerman , "  except a refrigerator and a bathroom . " The Nautilus is not Beckerman 's first submarine . In fact , it is his fourth . The previous iteration could dive to five feet , but had a less sturdy frame constructed from plastic containers and duct tape . It was propelled by two motor scooter engines , connected to metal blades and two 12v batteries . The new design improves on previous models in almost every way . "  I had an idea of how I wanted to sit . I realized that lying down would make the sub more streamlined -- so the drainage pipes seemed a natural fit , " he said . But sacrifices to the original design had to be made along the way . "  The ballast tanks were originally going to be air tanks , but they were just too expensive . If I could have learned how to weld I would have made the whole thing out of metal . But that might be for the next one . " Asked if there are any particular challenges which are specific to being a young inventor , Beckerman responds plainly : "  No . Other than the budget issues and all of my schoolwork and other obligations that get in the way . " If he had more time and money Beckerman says he would like to continue to add to the submarine . "  I would love to add a robotic claw to the front . I would like to make the sub into a more useful thing with a basket the claw could put stuff into to pick up garbage and clean the bottom of the lake . "	Mendham High School student Justin Beckerman builds one-man submarine The Submarine can dive to 30 feet and travels at one and a half miles per hour Inventive teen has also built airplanes , boats , robots , and architectural constructions
CNN  -- A Swedish man is being investigated by police after apparently trying to put together a nuclear reactor in his apartment , Sweden 's nuclear watchdog said Thursday . The man , named in local media reports as 31-year-old Richard Handl , contacted the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority in July to ask whether he was allowed to build a nuclear reactor , the organization 's research director Leif Moberj told CNN . That contact led the authorities to swoop down on his home in Angelholm , a coastal town of about 40,000 people known for its long sandy beaches . "  We realized he probably had radioactive material at his home which you are not allowed to have without a permit , which was why the authorities decided to inspect his home , " Moberj said . Radioactive material was found during an "  extensive " inspection last month , although testing suggested radiation levels were too low for his neighbors to be worried , Moberj said . The material included "  small amounts " of Americium-241 , a component of smoke detectors which can not legally be removed from the detector casing , he said . The agency has not yet confirmed what other radioactive materials were found at the property . Handl was quoted by the Helsingborgs Dagblad newspaper as saying he had his own Geiger counter and had not noticed any problems with radiation . He never got the reactor going as he had just bought what was needed , Handl was quoted as saying , and now all his equipment has been taken away . Handl told the newspaper he intended to keep to the "  theoretical level " in future . Moberj said the situation was "  extremely unusual " in Sweden . "  I have n't heard of any similar things ever , " he said . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the man-made radioactive metal americium "  poses a significant risk " to health if ingested or inhaled . It recommends never dismantling or burning a smoke detector at home .	The man had Americium-241 at his home , the Swedish radiation watchdog says He had asked regulators if he was allowed to build a nuclear reactor Testing suggested radiation levels were too low for his neighbors to be worried
CNN  -- Chelsea 's onfield successes this year have led to the European soccer champions ' first financial profit during the nine-year reign of owner Roman Abramovich . The Russian billionaire has bankrolled the English Premier League club since buying it for a nominal fee in 2003 , posting big losses every year since then as he has sanctioned spending sprees to sign some of the sport 's biggest players . Last year ended in a loss of # 67.7 million  $ 108 million  but the figures up to June 30 , 2012 reveal a profit of # 1.4 million  $ 2.2 million  . Chelsea also announced on Friday that it had made a record turnover of # 255.7 million  $ 407 million  -- which it said is the fifth largest of any European club . That was a boost of # 33 million  $ 52 million  from last year , driven by the club 's first UEFA Champions League title and a profit on player sales of # 28.8 million  $ 46 million  . The latter figure came despite offloading players such as Didier Droga , Nicolas Anelka and Salomon Kalou on free transfers while spending big on Juan Mata and Romelu Lukaku in that period . In comparison , Premier League rival Arsenal -- which has a more prudent transfer policy -- made a profit of # 30.6 million  $ 48 million  on turnover of # 243 million  $ 386 million  in figures released in September . Another key element in Chelsea 's finances is that # 166.6 million  $ 265 million  of intergroup debt was capitalized into equity -- effectively personal loans to the club written off by Abramovich -- to leave the club debt free . Chelsea is one of the clubs under the financial spotlight following the implementation of UEFA 's new financial fairplay rules , which require teams to be self sufficient and limit the amount that benefactors such as Abramovich can spend with no expectation of return . If they do n't meet these targets , which are being phased in over a number of years , then clubs face expulsion from top European competitions . "  The big challenge is always to have a successful team on the field that wins trophies and to make a profit at the same time , " said Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay . "  The objectives have been set across the whole business , from the Academy to Under-21s and all the way through to the first team . "  Our club philosophy is built on success . We had that success on the field this year , as we were the first London team to win the UEFA Champions League , and we enjoyed it off the field as well and this helps us inject financial investment into the team . " Chelsea has also sought to boost its income streams , signing a three-year global energy deal with Russian corporation Gazprom in July while also taking full control of its digital media operations . "  We 're in favor of Financial Fair Play , " manager Roberto di Matteo told reporters on Friday ahead of this weekend 's home clash with Liverpool . "  We 're doing everything in our power to comply with the new rules , and this is great news for the club . "  For the first time , we 've been able to achieve a profit -- also thanks to the success on field , but off field as well , with new sponsor deals and also the transfer market . "  Going forward , I think that puts Chelsea in a strong position to remain competitive at domestic level but also international level . " It has been a mixed season so far for Chelsea , with impressive onfield performances marred by racism controversies . Captain John Terry has just completed a four-match ban for abusing a black opponent a year ago , while the club has lodged a complaint against EPL referee Mark Clattenburg over alleged racist remarks made to Nigerian midfielder John Obi Mikel . A Chelsea fan has also been arrested for making an alleged monkey gesture towards a Manchester United player during last week 's English League Cup match at Stamford Bridge .	Chelsea announces profit of $ 2.2 million for the period ending June 30 , 2012 It is the first time the English club has been in black since Roman Abramovich took over Russian has bankrolled Chelsea in recent years but new rules threaten to curb this Club says it now has the fifth largest turnover of any team in Europe
CNN  -- Tennis ace Roger Federer has given his unfailing support to his "  good friend " Tiger Woods as the embattled golfer attempts to restore his reputation . Federer believes the "  worst has passed " for Tiger after his very public apology to a world wide television audience . Woods fought back the tears as he admitted he had cheated on his wife Elin , but surprised observers by not setting any date for his return to golf ahead of major tournaments later this year , although he subsequently announced he would return for the U.S. masters in April . It 's time to give Tiger some peace But Federer told The Gulf News that whatever the future held , Woods would remain his friend . "  What 's happened to him has been hard to watch over the last three months right down to when he made his apology . I am sure he 's headed in a better direction now , " he added . Federer , who has appeared in a well-known advertisement for Gillette with Woods and football star Thierry Henry , went on : "  The worst has passed . I hope that he can also work things out with his wife Elin because they are very nice people - obviously for the sake of their kids as well . " But Federer admitted he had not spoken to Woods since the November car crash which set in chain a stream of revelations about the American 's private life . "  I have supported him , but I have n't had any contact with him , " added the Swiss maestro , who was forced to withdraw from the Dubai Open with a lung infection which is set to sideline him for several weeks . "  It 's been hard to watch from far away but I would love to see him back on the golf course . It is what he does best , " added the 16-time grand slam winner .	Roger Federer goes public to back his "  good friend " Tiger Woods Tennis ace Federer has appeared in the same Gillette adverts with the golfer Woods made a televised public apology after admitting he cheated on his wife
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney has been visited by police investigating illegal phone-hacking by journalists , the England soccer star revealed on Thursday . "  Scotland Yard detectives came to see me earlier and showed me some documents , looks like a newspaper have  sic  hacked into my phone , " the Manchester United striker wrote on social networking website Twitter , adding the tag " #Bigsurprise . " The UK Press Association reported that the paper being investigated is the Sunday tabloid The News of the World , which is owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . PA said Rooney 's agent Paul Stretford had also been targeted and was considering legal action . Murdoch paper admits phone hacking as victim rejects payout The newspaper is already facing many claims from celebrities such as actress Sienna Miller and former Cabinet Minister Tessa Jowell , and three of its journalists have been arrested since the inquiry reopened . The original case saw its royal editor Clive Goodman and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire convicted in 2007 , while former editor Andy Coulson quit his job as Prime Minister David Cameron 's communications chief three months ago . "  Gon na get my lawyers to deal with phone hacking until end of season . So I can focus on helping MUFC win trophies . Thx for all ur support , " Rooney added later . His wife Coleen also let her feelings be known on Twitter . "  Newspapers hacking into phones !! Desperate and Disgusting !!!! " she wrote . The Rooneys have particular reason to be aggrieved with the News of the World , which last September ran stories claiming the footballer slept with a prostitute while his wife was pregnant . The 25-year-old has recently returned to form following a poor start to the season which culminated in him asking to leave United in October -- a move that angered the club 's fans but ultimately earned him a lucrative new five-year contract . "  I made a mistake . You know , when I look back at it now , I 'll say it again , how wrong was I ? " Rooney told British newspaper The Guardian on Thursday . "  I 'm willing to admit that . I 've apologized and ever since then I have wanted to try to prove myself again to the fans . I feel I am doing that now . " United end Schalke 's perfect home record Rooney has scored 12 goals in 21 games this year , netting United 's second goal in Tuesday 's 2-0 win at German club Schalke that put the English Premier League leaders in a strong position to qualify for the May 28 final in London . "  I 'm delighted with my form and I 'm grateful to the fans for supporting me , " he said . "  I hope I 've repaid the fans now . It 's going to be a great end to the season if we can get to Wembley and win a Champions League final as well as the league . "  I am a lot happier in my life , a lot happier with the way I 'm playing . It 's almost been like having to settle down again , and I 've done that now . "	Wayne Rooney considers legal action against newspaper accused of hacking his phone England footballer reveals he has been handed information by police probing paper News of the World claimed Rooney slept with prostitute while wife was pregnant Manchester United star apologizes to fans for asking for a transfer last year
CNN  -- Champions League contenders Malaga have been handed a season long ban from UEFA club competitions after falling foul of the European governing body 's Financial Fair Play  FFP  rules . The La Liga side will be allowed to continue in this season 's Champions League , where they have reached the last 16 stage , but any ban would come into place over any of the next four seasons should they qualify to play in Europe . Malaga are the first high-profile club to be punished under new tougher FFP rules with UEFA 's Financial Control Body  CFCB  making their ruling after a hearing Friday in Nyon , Switzerland . Malaga owe player wages and have debts with other football sides as well as the Spanish tax authorities , claim UEFA . The CFCB has given the club until March 31 next year to settle the debts and will impose a further one season ban from UEFA competitions , the Champions League or Europa League , if they fail to do so . Malaga have also been fined â ‚ ¬ 300,000  $ 396,000  but UEFA has released prize money due them from this season 's Champions League . The club issued a strongly worded statement Friday to express their "  total disagreement " with the UEFA decision . It went on : "  The measures taken against the club are absolutely disproportionate and unjustified given the club 's situation . We consider that the club is being punished unfairly and used as a scapegoat and example to others . "  Malaga CF wishes to state that it will work energetically and without rest to achieve justice , using all available necessary means . " The club , who are currently fourth in La Liga , a spot which would see them qualify for a European place next season , can appeal to the Court of Arbitration in Sport in an attempt to overturn the decision . Since coming under the ownership of Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Al-Thani , a member of the Qatar ruling family , Malaga have spent heavily on new players . But in November , they were one of nine European clubs referred to the CFCB because of debt problems and infringements of UEFA 's licensing agreements and one of 23 to have prize money withheld . Despite the threat of sanctions looming over the club , Malaga have performed superbly this season under coach Manuel Pellegrini , winning Group C of the Champions League with a game to spare and earning a tie against Porto in the knockout stage . Five other clubs face one-year European bans , valid for three seasons , if they do not settle their debts by March 31 . Croatian sides Hajduk Split and Osijek ; Romania 's Dinamo Bucharest and Rapid Bucharest ; and Partizan Belgrade of Serbia , were all handed the punishment . Serbian 's Vojvodina and Ukraine 's Arsenal Kyiv received fines while the case against Polish side Lech Poznan was dropped . This season is the first since UEFA 's FFP rules were introduced and they will come more fully into force in 2014 . They give the ruling body sweeping powers , including exclusion from the lucrative Champions League . They are designed to prevent big spending clubs spending beyond their means and posting unsustainable yearly losses .	Malaga banned from UEFA competitions for financial irregularities La Liga side into last 16 of this season 's Champions League competition One season ban would take effect in any of four seasons from 2013/14 First leading club to fall foul of FFP rules imposed by European governing body
PEOPLE.com  -- Older siblings often want to help with baby names , but their choices sometimes are n't the most desirable . Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck are learning this as they prepare for their third child -- and are getting an avalanche of suggestions for names from daughters Violet , 6 , and Seraphina , 3 . "  Our girls are working on names . At first they were definitely Disney . It was like , Donald Duck , Minnie Mouse Affleck , " the "  Butter " star , 39 , said Wednesday on "  The Tonight Show . " "  And then they 've moved on . Then it was Peter Pan , Captain Hook , Smee . " With those character names not really cutting it , the girls moved on to other strategies . "  They 're coming up with lists , and coming in and saying , ` Let 's have a baby-naming contest ! Let 's have a baby-naming poll ! ' " Garner , who 's due in the spring , says . "  They ask everyone , cause they just want to know . But we 're not telling . " Garner knows the sex of the baby , but declined to reveal it on the show . Asked if her husband wants a boy , Garner -- who has said she wants a third girl -- said she actually did n't know . "  I would have thought so . At first I think I really thought so , " she said . "  And then he kind of said , ` Well , we have girls . We know how to do girls . My girls love me . I 'm the big guy in the house . ' So , now I 'm not sure . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  It was like , Donald Duck , Minnie Mouse Affleck , " Jennifer Garner said "  Then it was Peter Pan , Captain Hook , Smee , " she said Garner knows the sex of the baby , but declined to reveal it on the show
New York  CNN  -- Jeff Parness still remembers the pain of September 11 , 2001 , when his friend and business partner , Hagay Shefi , was among the thousands killed in the World Trade Center attacks . But Parness , a native New Yorker , also has n't forgotten the support that his hometown received from other communities in the immediate aftermath . Many cities -- in the United States and around the world -- sent volunteers and supplies to aid the rescue and recovery effort . "  9/11 changed all of us forever , but 9/12 changed us just as much , " said Parness , 45 . "  That outpouring of kindness and generosity , to me , was more powerful than the terror that happened the day before . " That spirit of goodwill inspired Parness to create New York Says Thank You , an organization that sends volunteers from New York City to disaster-stricken communities every year -- normally around the 9/11 anniversary . To date , more than 7,000 people have participated in the group 's rebuilding projects . Running a nonprofit is n't something that Parness , a former software venture capitalist who lives in Manhattan , ever thought he 'd do . He had never been community service-oriented . But a suggestion from his 5-year-old son changed all of that . In November 2003 , Parness ' son , Evan , saw a news report about wildfires near San Diego . He asked his dad if he could send the children in California some of his toys . Parness suggested that they ask all of the children in their apartment building for donations . Three days later , Parness and two friends were headed to San Diego in a truck half-filled with toys and supplies . Parness put a sign on the truck that read : "  New York Says Thank You . " "  I wanted to make a bigger statement , " he said . "  I wanted to let people know that New Yorkers will never forget what people did for us after 9/11 . " As Parness and his buddies made their way to California , people they encountered along the way added donations . By the time they arrived , the truck was full . The whole experience deeply touched Parness , who wanted to turn it into something more . That 's when he came up with the idea of helping a different city every year . "  On a day that 's about destruction ... let 's create an organization that 's focused on helping people rebuild , " he said . "  It 's our way to really honor the sense of spirit and volunteerism  of  9/12 . " Each year , Parness finds a community that has been hit by a disaster and he selects a structure to rebuild there . The projects often hold some significance to the area -- a historic church in Indiana , a veterans ' home in Texas , a Boy Scout camp in Iowa . But Parness says that in a way , what 's being built really does n't matter . "  It 's not about building structures . It 's about building hope , " he said . "  We want able to touch people who are still recovering from disasters and show them that other people care . " For the organization 's first project in September 2004 , Parness brought 14 volunteers from New York City to rebuild homes destroyed by the wildfires outside of San Diego . The next build , in September 2005 , was in Utica , Illinois , a city that had been hit by a deadly tornado . Thirty New Yorkers made the trip this time , and they were joined by eight people from California who had received help the previous year . It is this cycle of "  paying it forward " that is at the heart of New York Says Thank You . It 's also part of what gives the group its unique character : Nearly all of its volunteers have survived a disaster of some sort , be it natural or man-made . That shared connection means a lot to firefighter Brian Fitzpatrick , who was at ground zero on 9/11 and lost 10 members of his fire academy class that day . As a volunteer for New York Says Thank You the last four years , he says he is motivated by helping others who 've also lived through a tragedy . "  You 're there to let them know that ... they 're not alone , " he said . "  It 's like a crazy club that you join . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes The organization has helped communities in nine states since 2003 , and its web of volunteers now extends across the country . With more volunteers from outside New York than from the city itself , Parness says his group is n't really about New York anymore -- it 's about America . Eric Kreippen , a firefighter from Slidell , Louisiana , would agree . He has been a dedicated volunteer since Parness ' group came to his community after Hurricane Katrina . He says he 's "  addicted " to the experience , and he brings more people with him every year . "  This past year , I brought 22 people to Arkansas , " Kreippen said . "  This whole ` paying it forward ' thing , it 's just contagious . " Every September , Parness ' army of disaster survivors -- usually 200-300 people -- rolls into town for what amounts to an old-fashioned barn-raising . The atmosphere is like a family reunion as volunteers from past projects reunite . The locals "  ca n't believe that people from Manhattan and Slidell and Indiana and all of these towns are all in their town to help them , " Kreippen said . "  You get the thanks , and it 's ` No , we 're here because we went through the same thing ! ' " Working side by side , many volunteers form friendships and stay in touch year-round . "  You 're banging nails and building something , but it 's the relationships that help you heal , " Fitzpatrick said . Many volunteers discover that the work helps them move forward with their own lives . Megan Manning lost her husband on 9/11 , and she has been volunteering with New York Says Thank You since 2007 . She said the experiences have completely changed her attitude every time September 11 comes up on the calendar . "  Ever since it started , I wake up on 9/11 and I feel grateful , " she said . "  That 's huge for me . " It 's huge for Parness as well . "  When I started this , I thought it was about building homes and churches that were destroyed , " Parness said . "  When we went on ... I realized that 50 % of value went to the survivors , but 50 % went to the volunteers . It 's empowering . " This year , for the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , Parness is planning to go to Ellijay , Georgia , a small town that was hit by a tornado earlier this month . There , he hopes to rebuild a barn that housed Build An Ark Animal Rescue , a sanctuary that saves and rehabilitates animals . "  We always look for special projects that could benefit a community , " Parness said . "  This lovely woman , Susan Littlejohn , lived in the barn with 65 animals that she used as therapeutic companions for disabled children and senior citizens . ... We could n't think of a better place to do this year . " A new documentary about Parness ' group , also called New York Says Thank You , will premiere April 28 at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York . Parness says the film 's message is about the power of volunteerism , and he hopes it will inspire people to get involved , in some way , in their community . "  This is about honoring that volunteer spirit , " he said . "  It shows that nothing is impossible if you can come together . " Want to get involved ? Check out the New York Says Thank You website at www.newyorksaysthankyou.org and see how to help .	Inspired by the help New York got after 9/11 , Jeff Parness started a volunteer group The nonprofit , New York Says Thank You , helps a different community rebuild each year Its volunteer base keeps growing as more people look to ` pay it forward ' Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Confessed serial killer Israel Keyes was a murder addict who found great enjoyment in taking people 's lives , police say . "  Israel Keyes did n't kidnap and kill people because he was crazy , he did n't kidnap and kill people because his deity told him to or because he had a bad childhood . Israel Keyes did this because he got an immense amount of enjoyment out of it , much like an addict gets an immense amount of enjoyment out of drugs , " said Anchorage , Alaska , police Detective Monique Doll at a news briefing . "  He was addicted to the feeling he got when he was doing this , addicted to the feel of the hunt and of killing , " Doll said . Keyes killed the last of his known victims , Anchorage coffee stand barista Samantha Koenig , 18 , in February . He has confessed to killing at least seven other people : two in Vermont , four in Washington state , and one somewhere on the East Coast . He committed suicide in his Alaska jail cell earlier this month by slitting his wrist and strangling himself with bedding . Anchorage police and the FBI gave more details about their interviews with Keyes on Monday in hopes of generating new tips about his crimes . Police said that while he admitted eight murders , there may be at least three more , and that they need the public 's help in their investigations . "  We want people to know what kind of person this fellow was so they can help us connect dots and maybe generate connections between missing person cases and Israel Keyes , " Anchorage police Chief Mark Mew said . Authorities played a chilling tape Monday in which Keyes talked about how he lay in wait at an Alaska park with a sniper 's rifle in hopes of killing a young couple who had parked there . He had his kill zone prepared , with drain cleaner and a shovel at the ready to dissolve and bury the body parts . "  I was gon na do my thing in the parking lot , " Keyes said , but an Anchorage patrol officer showed up and checked on the couple . Keyes said he was prepared to kill the officer , too , but aborted his plan when another officer showed up . "  It could 've got ugly , but fortunately for the cop guy , " he said with a chuckle , "  his backup showed up . " "  I almost got myself into a lot of trouble on that one , " Keyes said . "  As soon as his backup showed up I decided I better call it a night . " The incident is indicative of the way Keyes saw himself . Doll described him as "  very matter of fact " but comfortable with who he was . "  Israel Keyes never expressed in any way , shape or form that he was ashamed of or regretted his actions , " Doll said . "  He knew what he was and he was fine with it . " The Anchorage detective also said Keyes took pride "  in living this Dr. Jekyll-Mr . Hyde lifestyle , " with neither family nor friends suspecting him . Doll said Keyes researched and read about , but did not emulate , other serial killers , including Ted Bundy , who killed as many as 40 people between 1974 and 1978 . "  He was very careful to say he had not patterned himself after any other serial killer , " she said . "  His ideas were his own . ... That mattered a lot to him . " Those ideas included careful planning and the ability to back off killing plans if variables changed the situation , such as a planned victim with a large dog , or a victim who did n't have a vehicle in which Keyes could evade authorities . Police said he broke his own rules in the abduction and killing of Koenig . He used her debit card to make an ATM withdrawal that eventually led police to him in Texas . Mew said Keyes started "  to be a bit compulsive toward the end . " Anchorage police Officer Jeff Bell said Keyes ' end did not come as the killer thought it would . He envisioned being killed in a gun battle with police during a bank robbery , Bell said . Besides Koenig , whose body was found in a lake north of Anchorage , authorities have identified only two of Keyes ' other victims , Bill and Lorraine Currier of Essex Junction , Vermont . More clues may come from an illegible , blood-soaked note that was found in Keyes ' cell after his suicide . That is being analyzed at the FBI 's lab in Quantico , Virginia , Mews said , in hopes of determining what Keyes wrote . Authorities are asking that anyone who may have information about Keyes get in contact with the FBI at 1-800-CALL-FBI or call their local FBI office . Read more : Life sentence closes oldest cold case Read more : Ex-cop convicted of nine murders to be executed Raed more : Bodies identified as missing Iowa cousins	Anchorage police release details on serial killer Israel Keyes Keyes was "  addicted to the feel of the hunt and of killing , " detective says Keyes took pride in being his own kind of serial killer , detective says Keyes confessed to eight killings ; he committed suicide in his cell this month
CNN  -- On Wednesday , a propaganda video appeared on the Internet featuring Moner Abu-Salha , the U.S. citizen from Florida who died conducting a suicide bomb attack in Syria for al Qaeda in May . The video -- the third in a series of al Qaeda videos about Abu-Salha -- underlines the importance of militant networks in Turkey that have enabled many hundreds of fighters from the U.S. and other Western nations to travel to fight with jihadist groups in the civil wars that are tearing apart Syria and Iraq . Abu-Salha says he travelled from the States to Turkey where he eventually connected with representatives of the Nusra Front , al Qaeda 's Syrian affiliate , explaining , "  From tons of research I knew that mujahideen -LSB- holy warriors -RSB- come from all around the world , they come to Istanbul . I heard that the Turkey-Syrian border is close . " Abu-Salha says that he was inspired to go to fight in the Syrian "  holy war " by a lecture by the notorious Yemeni-American militant cleric , Anwar al-Awlaki who said this about traveling to jihad : "  It 's like a cliff , you jump off the cliff but you do n't know if the water is deep or shallow . ... You just have to jump and put you 're  faith  in Allah that the water is going to be deep and you wo n't be harmed . " As Abu-Salha tells it , he arrived in Turkey with barely enough money for a Turkish visa and no contacts , but he eventually encountered a member of al Qaeda in Turkey who was bearded , dressed all in black and was missing an arm . The al-Qaeda fighter did n't speak English but Abu-Salha said , "  I 'm mujahidin , I 'm mujahidin , " which the man understood and he took him on a bus to meet another al Qaeda member who did speak some English . Abu-Salha recalls , "  They get me something to eat . I tell them I come to fight jihad . I want to feel , die shaheed  as a martyr  . " He says that the members of al Qaeda then took Abu-Salha to a "  safe house " in Turkey where he encountered two other al Qaeda fighters who had been wounded and who were recovering in the house . Abu-Salha stayed at the safe house for a month , he says , before he was spirited across the border into Syria . The issue of "  homegrown " American extremists fighting in Iraq and Syria has raised significant concerns among counterterrorism officials . The government is tracking about 100 Americans who have fought or attempted to fight in the Syrian conflict . Douglas McArthur McCain , who grew up in Minnesota , died while fighting for the ultra-militant Islamic State in Syria this past weekend . In addition to Abu-Salha and McCain , eight Americans have been charged with crimes related to supporting or attempting to support militant jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq . However , for now , no American involved in the Syrian and Iraqi conflicts has been charged with plotting an attack inside the United States . Both Moner Abu-Salha and Douglas McCain died fighting in the region rather than conducting attacks in their own country . Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters on August 25 that there are , so far , no signs of "  active plotting against the homeland " by the Islamic State . As fears heighten of the potential threat from returning Western foreign fighters who have traveled to Syria or Iraq , restraining the flow of these fighters through Turkey must be a key objective . A European diplomat in Turkey told Reuters , "  In recent months especially we 've seen a real hardening in Turkey 's attitude , a recognition that this is a potential threat to their national security and a desire to take more practical steps through intelligence channels , police channels . " There are signs that Turkey 's new efforts may be having an effect . One Islamic State spokesman told the Washington Post , "  It is not as easy to come into Turkey anymore . " Abu-Salah 's recounting of his travel illustrates the potential risks foreign fighters take when seeking to reach Syria -- which may be exploitable by security services . Of his initial attempts to connect with militants in Turkey he said : "  It was very dangerous what I was doing because I could have went to jail . " If Turkey 's new measures to disrupt the foreign fighter flow continue and a coalition can be built to adequately track and disrupt movement of militants into Syria and Iraq , the threat posed by Americans and other Westerners fighting with jihadist groups in the region may diminish over time .	Peter Bergen : New video of American suicide bomber shows Turkey networks key in jihad He says Moner Abu-Salha describes how Turkey was gateway in al Qaeda connection He says "  homegrown " terrorists a key concern in U.S. , but so far none have attacked on U.S. soil Bergen : Turkey must step up efforts to stem flow of fighters through country to Syria , Iraq
CNN  -- What is going on inside the heads of those nine Supreme Court justices ? This week 's legal drama around same-sex marriage makes me worry that they 're all thinking more about politics than doing right by the Constitution . Do n't get me wrong . By deciding on Monday to turn down all pending same-sex marriage cases , the Supreme Court managed to bring marriage equality to at least five new states and many thousands of couples . In one sense , the Roberts court has done more good simply by doing nothing than they 've been able to do in volumes and volumes of actual rulings . But I ca n't help but feel that the Supreme Court 's decision to turn down all those cases passed the buck on their core constitutional responsibility to do justice . Over the past few years , we 've learned that the Supreme Court does n't have a care in the world about taking up huge , hot button issues and issuing sweeping rulings that change the future of this country . Citizens United . 5-4 . Crippled our campaign finance system . Voting Rights Act . 5-4 . Gutted it . Hobby Lobby . 5-4 . Continued the war on women by putting their reproductive health decisions in the hands of corporations . I do n't know about you , but I hear a lot from my Republican friends about "  judicial activism . " Those are the rulings that sound like judicial activism to meâ $ " striking down portions of critical laws that help make this a better , more equal country for all . When it came down to guaranteeing the right to marriageâ $ " a fundamental constitutional rightâ $ " the court just passed the buck . The justices simply turned down the opportunity to do what 's right . And , yes , the court 's decision to turn down those cases on Monday meant that some states won marriage equality by default . But what about everyone else ? What about a gay couple living in one of the states that is still being left behind , like my own home state of Louisiana ? There are folks in these states who have been living together for decades , going to church , volunteering , or working for a better future . If one of those folks gets in a car accident tomorrow , their partner , their spouse , has no legal right to survival benefits , to pensions , to being on the death certificate ! And the Supreme Court wants to tell us that there 's no dispute here ? No federal issue that merits their immediate attention ? It 's absurd . Campaign finance laws say a billionaire ca n't give a candidate a million dollars ? The Supreme Court 's on it like flies to honey . A little old lady 's partner of 40 years dies , but her state says they were never married in the eyes of the law ? "  Eh , " the Supreme Court says , "  we 'll get to it later . " It 's just wrong . People are suffering , the nation 's marriage laws are in chaos -- so what on Earth is the point of delay ? To me , the only reason seems to be politics . I worry that most of those justices did n't want to get their hands dirty by dealing with this deeply emotional and human issue . But folks , that 's just not how this social contract is supposed to work . If you 're a Supreme Court justice , the American people have elevated you to one of the highest offices in the land out of the goodness of their heart and out of deference to your legal wisdom . You get a lifetime appointment , limitless prestige , a great office , and what I have to assume is a very comfortable chair . And as Americans , all we ask in return of our justices is that they do what 's right . The justices failed in that duty this week , and I hope they get a chance to remedy that decision sooner rather than later . After all , when deep , fundamental constitutional rights are at stake , we know from history that we can not tolerate two nations divided against one another . We need one nation , with liberty and justice for all . I hope we get one soon .	This week the Supreme Court turned down all pending gay marriage cases Donna Brazile : It seems like the justices are more concerned about politics She says guaranteeing the right to marriage , a fundamental constitutional right , is critical Brazile : Those who live in states that do n't approve of gay marriage deserve justice
CNN  -- Three men were sentenced to prison for forcing an African-American man out of a South Carolina convenience store , threatening him with a chainsaw and stealing his car , an incident the Department of Justice said was fueled by hate . Thomas Blue Sr. , 49 , owner of the convenience store , was sentenced Tuesday to 13 years in prison in the 2007 incident . A second man , Judson Hartley Talbert , was sentenced to nine years , the department said . Blue 's son , Thomas Blue Jr. , 29 , was sentenced to three years . The three pleaded guilty in December to conspiring to deprive and depriving Dahndra "  Ervin " Moore of his right to engage in a federally protected activity -- entering the convenience store -- and also to conspiring to carjack and carjacking his car , authorities said . The elder Blue also pleaded guilty to depriving two other people , both white , of their right to engage in a federally protected activity and using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence against those two . The defendants admitted that the elder Blue "  forcibly escorted " Moore out of a Marlboro County , South Carolina , store known as the Stop and Shop after he entered to use the restroom , the statement said . "  Once outside , the elder Blue forced the victim to the ground and Blue Jr. threatened the victim with a chainsaw while a small crowd watched , " according to the Department of Justice statement . While the attack was occurring , Talbert stole Moore 's car , authorities said . Later , the elder Blue used a pistol to threaten two white men who he thought were trying to help the victim , including one who showed up to retrieve Moore 's car . All three men waived their right to appeal , according to court documents . The elder Blue 's attorney , Jack Swirling , called the incident "  most unfortunate " and "  totally unacceptable . " His client , he said , is very remorseful , adding that the incident would not have occurred but for Blue 's heavy drinking that day . Kirk Truslow , the younger Blue 's attorney , said his client had apologized to Moore and his family and "  wishes this never would have happened . " The case "  went a long way in making some changes in the area , " he said . "  I think it really made an impact , " Truslow said . "  Everyone in this area took notice . " Talbert 's attorney , Morgan Martin , called the incident "  regrettable " and said his client is sorry it happened . "  This case is a reminder that violent acts fueled by bigotry and hate continue to happen all too frequently in our nation , even in 2010 , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department 's civil rights division . "  This senseless , terrifying assault was quite simply the product of hate , " said Kevin McDonald , acting U.S. attorney for the District of South Carolina . "  I expect others tempted to act out in violent racism to take note of this prosecution and the sentences imposed . "	3 convicted for the 2007 attack at a store in South Carolina Victim had stopped at the store to use the restroom , according to court documents Defendants admitted taking him outside and threatening him with a chainsaw One man stole his car , pulled gun on men he thought were helping the victim
Mountain View , California  CNN  -- At this moment we have reached a major turning point for both science and the public at large . The SETI Institute is now offering the world the first taste of raw SETI  Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence  data collected by the Allen Telescope Array in California . With this we move closer to fulfilling the institute 's mission , which is to search for our beginnings and our place among the stars Throughout the institute 's 25-year history  we are a private , nonprofit organization dedicated to scientific research , education and public outreach  , we have analyzed these raw data with custom algorithms operating on semi-custom hardware . Now we are transitioning to readily available hardware and servers because technology has caught up to us -- hooray ! In the future , we hope that a global army of open-source code developers , students and other experts in digital signal processing , as well as citizen scientists willing to lend their intelligence to our exploration , will have access to the same technology and join our quest . As I look at my team at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , and at a handful of other SETI teams around the globe , I see very clever individuals who have been willing to forgo the traditional challenges and rewards of academic research to work on a program of immense potential -- to do work that can literally change the world . Many see SETI as a fascinating avocation , but few indeed are willing to make it their vocation . Read more about Jill Tarter at TED.com In 2009 , when TED awarded me its TED prize and the opportunity to make a wish to change the world - - a wish they would help me fulfil l -- I thought of a mirror . It is the mirror that we hold up to the planet in our scientific search for the answer to the ancient question , ` Are we alone ? ' It is the mirror in which all humans can see themselves as the same , when compared to the extraterrestrial other . It 's the mirror that allows us to alter our daily perspectives and see ourselves in a more cosmic setting . It is the mirror that reminds us of our common origins in stardust . TED and technology are helping me and my team hold up that mirror to all inhabitants of this planet so that we can see our reflection as Earthlings . I told TED that "  I wish that you would empower Earthlings everywhere to become active participants in the ultimate search for cosmic company . " Soon it will be time for you to get involved by participating at setiQuest.org , a website that will make available the results that we get from our telescopes . Right now the site is geared to those knowledgable about digital signal processing , but in the coming months , anyone -- from a child playing a setiQuest game to an interested adult -- can join the search for intelligent life in the cosmos . It 's been 50 years since Philip Morrison and Guiseppe Cocconi published their seminal scientific paper on SETI in the journal Nature , and since Frank Drake first used the Tatel telescope in Green Bank , West Virginia , to attempt to detect any radio signals from technologies he thought could be orbiting the nearby stars of Tau Ceti and Epsilon Eridani . Since then , only those of us privileged enough to use the marvelous tools of the astronomer have been able to shape this pursuit of cosmic company . For the past decade , you and any other person around the globe have been able to leave your computer turned on and search through data recorded at large radio telescopes with the SETI@home screen saver . But you could n't change or improve the search your computer was enabling , you could n't get involved creatively . You did n't have to see your reflection in the cosmic mirror . Now that computing has gotten fast enough , now that Amazon Web Services , Dell , Intel , Google and others have donated resources to the SETI Institute , my team and I can benefit from your skills and your energy . You can help us with our search . Access the raw data we have published at setiQuest and show us how to process it in new ways , find signals that our current signal detection algorithms are missing . This summer , when we openly publish our software detection code , you can take what you find useful for your own work , and then help us make it better for our SETI search . As I wished , I 'd like to get all Earthlings spending a bit of their day looking at data from the Allen Telescope Array to see if they can find patterns that all of the signal detection algorithms may still be missing , and while they are doing that , get them thinking about their place in the cosmos . That 's the way we can change the world ! We do n't yet know how to get our data out of the observatory and presented to willing citizen scientists in real-time -- but if you are technically savvy , that 's where you come in , that 's where you can help us make the search better . The SETI Institute can begin to count anyone in the world as a member of our team . All of the SETI searching over the past 50 years is equivalent to examining one 8-ounce glass of water from the Earth 's oceans -- a lot of human effort , but not a lot of exploration . As our technologies improve exponentially , and as the world joins our searches , we may finally have the right tools for exploring the cosmic ocean . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jill Tarter	Jill Tarter says the SETI Institute is offering the world raw cosmic data from its telescopes She said technology has enabled nonscientists to help search for extraterrestrial life When the setiQuest site is fully developed , even kids will be able to search data Tarter : More people combing data means a greater possibility of finding signs of life
One freight train rear-ended another Friday afternoon , sending debris into a passing third train , authorities in Porter County , Indiana , said . Firefighters put out flames among the jumble of derailed cars . Two crew members on the train that struck the back of the other suffered non-life threatening injuries , officials told CNN . CSX said it appeared there were no significant leaks or spills of hazardous materials , "  but inspections of all loaded and empty hazardous materials cars are under way , " it said in a statement . The three-train accident occurred about 1:15 p.m. Friday about 11 miles northeast of Valparaiso , said David James of the county 's highway department . The first train , with two engines and 77 cars , was stopped on the westbound tracks , said Sgt. Larry LaFlower of the Porter County Sheriff 's Department . CSX said it was investigating why the first train was stopped . A second train , with two engines and 60 cars , hit it from behind , LaFlower told CNN . The third train , with 48 cars , was moving on a parallel track . "  It struck the wreckage and derailed itself , " the sheriff 's spokesman said . He did know which direction that train was moving in . James said he did not know what speeds the trains may have been traveling . "  The trains carried a wide variety of freight , including three rail cars of flammable products , " CSX said in a statement . "  Also in the incident are a number of empty hazardous materials cars . " The train struck from behind was carrying empty ethanol tankers , according to LaFlower . The county 's hazardous materials team was on the scene , and residents of about 50 homes were evacuated , authorities said . CSX said it was assisting officials with the evacuation . James said the stretch of railroad was in an agricultural section of the county . "  It 's been like a spring day here , " he said of weather conditions . CSX said it was still determining the total number of derailed cars . The accident occurred near county roads 550 East and 600 North . The National Transportation Safety Board arrived later Friday and was leading the investigation .	CSX said there appears to have been no significant leaks or spills One train rear-ended another , causing it to jackknife , authorities said Two injuries are reported About 50 nearby households are evacuated as a precaution
CNN  -- Maybe the wish you made on a shooting star during the Leonid meteor shower last week did n't come true . You could get a second chance Tuesday as forecasters expect to see a secondary peak in this year 's shower . NASA is predicting as many as five to 15 meteors per hour , sometime between 12:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. ET . The first peak happened early Saturday . The Leonids occur in mid-November each year as the Earth passes through debris from the comet Tempel-Tuttle . "  For best meteor viewing , dress warmly and go to a location away from city lights . You want clear , dark skies . Lie flat on your back and look straight up , allowing your eyes 30 to 45 minutes to adjust to the dark . No special viewing equipment needed -- just your eyes , " NASA astronomer Bill Cooke said on the agency 's website . One thing stargazers have working to their advantage , assuming clouds do n't muddle the festivities , is that the moon will be a waxing crescent setting before midnight , meaning its light is less likely to obscure the show . Thankfully , there 's no chance the Earth will crash into the comet Tempel-Tuttle this year . It was last in the solar system 's inner orbit and closest to our planet in early 1998 , NASA explains , and it wo n't be back for another 33 years . But it left "  a stream of dusty debris , " known as Leonid meteors , when it moved on through . Some of these remnants have drifted into the Earth 's orbital path -- and when our planet passes by , the meteors seem to be falling from the area of the constellation Leo , the Lion . A super-Jupiter is spotted 170 light years away More space and science news at CNN.com 's Light Years blog	The Leonid meteor shower occurs in mid-November each year Its peak was over the weekend , but this year 's shower could have a secondary peak NASA predicts five to 15 meteors an hour sometime early Tuesday morning
CNN  -- Fiona Apple 's recent decision to postpone her South American tour to stay home with her elderly and ailing dog may have caused some upset among her fans , but she 's won a whole pack of new ones who thoroughly support and understand that decision all too well . I am one of them . Mordred told us when it was time for him to go . I 'd always heard that a suffering animal would do that , but he was my first dog , and I was thoroughly unprepared for how clear and desperate that message would be . "  Mordred " was a massive name for a mammoth dog , the Irish Wolfhound my now-husband owned when I met him . He became mine also , and I his -- so fiercely that he escorted me down the aisle when Douglas and I wed a year and half later . We were not always so gracefully aligned . The night I met Mordred , he tried to kill me . I tried not to take it personally , as he was being a good dog protecting his Dad from the strange lady who 'd apparently come over to eat his face . It was our second date , and I was deeply enamored of the notion that in New York City , I 'd found an attractive , single , straight 30-something man with the wherewithal to be responsible for the welfare of two animals who had to be escorted outside to poop . Losing a dog : Share your tributes on iReport We were perhaps a shade distracted by frantic kissing as we arrived at his apartment , and failed to take the time to warn the four legged residents that they 'd be receiving a visitor . Douglas inched the door open , and a snarling , drooling wall of cream-colored , Muppet fur burst forth . I stood paralyzed , having never seen an animal that size in person outside a zoo -- and certainly not lunging directly at my throat . With Douglas holding him back , I could finally fully appreciate the scale of this beast . With his paws on my 6-foot-tall date 's shoulders , he still loomed a full head higher . He was couch-sized . He was pony-sized . He was the most majestic animal I 'd ever seen -- and he wanted nothing to do with me . Some dogs -- like Mordred 's little companion Morgane the whippet -- give away their full and sloppy hearts as a matter of course . They 're in love with the world and show that with enviable abandon . Mordred cared only for his Dad , and whatever bites of food he could snag from the tabletop . I was , at most , a barrier between him and the exact spot on the couch that he wished to occupy . Mordred the Irish Wolfhound helps himself to Kentucky Derby Pie But that was OK , somehow . I had Morgane  and her Dad  to curl up with elsewhere , and I enjoyed being part of Mordred 's orbit and entourage . If you 've ever walked an Irish Wolfhound through a New York City neighborhood , you 've had a small glimpse into what it 's like to be a celebrity . People stare . They gawk . They take pictures at the grossest moments possible . They ask endless , repetitive questions . "  How much does he eat ? " "  Is he a pony ? Can I ride him ? " "  How much does he weigh ? " "  How much does he poop ? " Answers : Lots , no , no , 135 pounds , why in the world would you want to know that ? He strode along the streets of New York City with us in tow , and ran through fields in upstate New York , and I fell into his strong and solid rhythm -- until one day that changed . He stumbled , walking up the steps to the apartment , and then threw up his dinner . As Douglas set about the massive task of cleaning up after that , I ran to the store to get some stomach-soothing soup for him . I warmed it up on the stove for him , then let it cool in his bowl as he stared up at me , slightly dazed , through his long , shaggy eyebrows . He lapped up every last drop and then leaned against me for the very first time . Dogs express their love and trust in many ways -- some lap at your face , knock you down with kisses as you come home , leave a half-dead animal on your pillow , or sit on your lap and sigh with contentment . The large and stoic ones tend to lean . It 's a hug . It 's the best feeling in the universe . But Mordred -- big , proud , poor Mordred -- he leaned against me the next day after losing control and wetting the carpet for the first time ever , and Douglas and I leaned onto each other , hard and sobbing , when we heard the word "  tumor " the day after that . Some violent dose of medication shrunk the squash-sized lump then , and earned him and us a year-long reprieve during which that initially jealous beast became a member of my family -- our family . The leans came more and more frequently -- and even the occasional chin lick , which made me feel like the queen of the world  or at least the new Brooklyn apartment that we all now shared  . One lazy summer Sunday , with our dogs flanked around us on the couch , Douglas asked me to be his wife , and that very autumn , I walked down the aisle toward him with Mordred at my side , and my best friend holding Morgane in the front row . Our bliss did not last long . The tumors came back with a vengeance , and cancer -- and its treatments -- hollowed my big , beautiful , lush-coated boy to a weak , wobbly , 85 pound skeleton covered in clumps of patchy fur , and unable hold his bowels or bladder . Through a small , saving grace , I had a boss who was a dog lover , himself , and did his best to accommodate my working from home sometimes so Mordred would n't have to be alone -- and because I was terrified of what we would come home to . Explaining an animal 's death to kids A colleague with whom I was working on a project did not share my boss ' point of view . I tried to convey to her what was going on at home -- that every surface was covered in plastic drop cloths , and that a person-sized creature was gasping and shuddering and dying inside my house , and that I needed to hold him up while he urinated and lift his head to the water bowl . And that while Douglas and I did n't and do n't have children , and these dogs are n't our children , they are our family -- our pack . I could not leave a single one of us alone and in pain -- and I respect that so thoroughly about Apple 's decision . My entry-level advertising job was infinitesimal compared to the fandom and expectations of a whole continent , and yet she chose to stay where she was needed and care for her own . My boss , for the record , told the unsympathetic co-worker to back off . And one day it was simply all too much . While Mordred had labored and wobbled and leaked , he had still managed to find some moments of peace . A complication from the cancer treatments left him with pneumonia in his rattling , papery lungs , and he ached through every breath . He summoned his strength to lift his head at his Dad , and we made a phone call . Mordred was too weak to walk , so Douglas lifted him into the back of the Jeep for what we knew would be the final time , and we all gathered together on the cold linoleum of the vet 's office as I bawled my heart out and Mordred laid his head on Douglas ' lap , grateful for the comfort . The shot went in , and the thing that made him Mordred simply drained out , leaving a giant , wasted husk of a dog on the floor , and I watched Morgane sniff it , trying to understand where her friend had gone . For days , she looked for him , under bushes and behind corners , sniffing in the familiar places -- and I suppose Douglas and I were doing the same thing , too . It 's impossible to have a creature that physical and spiritual size in your home and not have it leave a gaping wound when it 's excised . I suppose that 's exactly what Apple was facing when she made her bold , brave and likely costly decision , and she wanted to be there to honor her beloved friend up until the very end . Because once you get leaned on by a dog who loves you , you just ca n't help but lean right back .	Singer Fiona Apple recently canceled a tour to stay home with her dying dog CNN 's Kat Kinsman understands Apple 's motivation after enduring her dog 's death Kinsman gained a gigantic Irish Wolfhound when she married her husband She and the dog bonded after Mordred became sick with cancer
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Few political trials can boast the intoxicating mix of sex , murder and exotic meat . But that 's exactly what the case of former political kingpin Bo Xilai offered observers in China , many of whom -- more than half a million -- followed proceedings on social media courtesy of court officials in the eastern city of Jinan . It 's not clear how closely the transcripts -- posted on Weibo , China 's version of Twitter -- matched what happened in the courtroom , but the dramatic and often surreal detail that did emerge made for fascinating reading . Here are five of the highlights : 1 . Bo feared a woman scorned Bo told the court he is the target of bitter payback by his wife , Gu Kailai , who is angry over an affair he had and is trying to implicate him in her shady business deals so she can avoid the death penalty . "  I feel affectionate about Gu . She 's a fragile woman , and she would be convicted to death if she 's found involved in economic crimes . Blaming it on someone else could be an easy way out , " he said . Ouch . Gu is currently serving a suspended death sentence for murdering British businessman Neil Heywood by drugging him and pouring rat poison down his throat in a hotel room in November 2011 . 2 . The younger Bo likes Segways For people who consider walking over-rated , these two-wheeled electronic bikes are a popular way to zoom around . According to Gu , her son wanted one so she advised him to speak to wealthy businessman Xu Ming , the chairman of conglomerate the Dalian Shide Group at the time . "  Ask Xu to pay for it , " Gu said , according to her own testimony . "  He has n't given you a gift for a while . Just say this is a gift that your mum can enjoy as well . " She mentioned that her husband , who is accused of taking bribes , knew about the gift and even tried it himself -- a claim he refuted . "  I have never had any idea of who bought the scooter . No one ever spoke to me about it . " But when the prosecutor showed Bo the scooter 's picture and asked if he 'd ever seen it before , he replied : "  Yes , I 've seen it . But I had many things to worry about . How could I care about such a toy ? " 3 . Bo likes to fly ... The Segway was not the only mode of transport laid on by Xu , according to testimony from family aide Zhang Xiaojun . It got far more extravagant . Zhang -- who is also serving time for Heywood 's murder -- said he booked numerous flights for the younger Bo to and from China , the United Kingdom and the United States , where Bo was studying . The younger Bo also went to Germany in 2006 to watch the World Cup , as well as Venice , Argentina , Cuba , Paris and Africa . Not content with solo trips , Zhang said he also booked flights to China and hotel rooms for 40 of Bo 's friends from Harvard University around mid-March 2011 . Zhang said he phoned Xu 's secretary to ask him to cover the cost of hotels in Beijing and internal flights in China . The prosecution said the cost of the trip -- over 3.2 million renminbi  $ 524,000  -- was expensed to the company account . 4 . Bo was not familiar with biltong The South African snack might not be to everyone 's taste but there are certain rules and one is that it should n't be cooked . During Friday 's proceedings , Gu told the court via video that their son , Bo Guagua , bought his father some meat as a present from Africa . "  It was a large chunk of meat , of a rare species . I could n't remember what animal it came from , " Gu said . Gu revealed that her son got very upset when his father insisted on steaming it . The snapshot of mealtime at the Bo 's house set off a flurry of online speculation as to what the mysterious meat could be . After many netizens settled on biltong -- a type of cured meat including beef and game -- enterprising vendors listed the meat for sale online as "  Guagua 's choice . " By Sunday , the ads had been pulled . 5 . Some Chinese policeman are tall Before some of the more intriguing details of trial emerged , the stature of the policemen guarding Bo became a subject of fevered online speculation . Where on earth did Chinese officials find officers tall enough to tower over Bo , who himself stands over six foot ? That mystery remains unsolved . CNN 's David McKenzie and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Bo Xilai awaiting verdict on charges of corruption , embezzlement , abuse of power The trial ` veered off script ' with Bo 's bold defense , according to many observers Bo said his wife was bitter after she found out about an extramarital affair The court has also heard details of the "  gifts " reportedly given to the Bo family
CNN  -- Sudan has arrested foreigners in the disputed region of Heglig , its defense ministry said Saturday , the latest in the spiraling conflict between the Sudans . Those arrested were identified by the defense ministry as British , Norwegian , South African and South Sudanese . "  They were engaged in suspicious activities , collecting war debris , " it said . Meanwhile , a South Sudanese military spokesman reported ongoing clashes and bombings -- though a Sudanese military spokesman denied any such attacks . Col. Philip Aguer , a spokesman for the Sudan People 's Liberation Army of South Sudan , said eight bombs were dropped in Unity state Saturday . Friday , "  Khartoum-supported mercenaries " attacked an SPLA position in a town called Wau , causing 21 deaths , he said . Three fighters were captured alive , he added . The SPLA seized three trucks , which are said to belong to the Sudanese Armed Forces , said Aguer , vowing to retaliate against "  all these acts of aggression . " But Al-Sawarmi Khalid , a spokesman for the Sudanese Armed Forces , said , "  We have not bombed Wau , or any other place in South Sudan . " South Sudan split from Sudan last year as part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa 's largest nation . The war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south . Despite the split in July , unresolved issues remain between the two , including status of their citizens , division of national debt , disputed border areas and sharing of oil wealth . Simmering tensions peaked this month when South Sudan seized the oil-producing region of Heglig from Sudan , raising the stakes by targeting a resource that fuels the economies of both nations . Heglig oil facilities account for about half of Sudan 's production of 115,000 barrels a day . Sudan claims ownership for the region , and lodged complaints with the United Nations and the African Union to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . A day after South Sudan withdrew from the disputed region , it accused Sudan of launching ground and aerial attacks on its territory . CNN 's Kim Chakanetsa and journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	Those arrested are British , Norweigan , South Afrian and South Sudanese "  They were engaged in suspicious activities , collecting war debris , " it says A South Sudanese military spokesman reports ongoing clashes and bombings A Sudanese spokesman says its military did n't carry out any attacks in South Sudan
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- A Hezbollah commander suspected in some of the deadliest terrorist attacks of the last 25 years and a reputed role model for Osama bin Laden has been killed in Syria , Hezbollah TV said Wednesday . Hezbollah released this undated photograph of Imad Mughniyeh . Imad Mughniyeh died in an explosion in a residential section of the Syrian capital , Damascus , said Hezbollah 's television station , Al-Manar . Hezbollah blamed Israel for the killing , but Israeli officials denied involvement . "  Israel rejects the attempt by terrorist elements to ascribe to it any involvement whatsoever in this incident , " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said in a statement . The FBI said it was awaiting official confirmation of Mughniyeh 's death and the details . "  If this information proves true , it would be good news in the ongoing fight against terrorism as one major terrorist will no longer be around to commit additional acts of terror against Americans and others in the world , " FBI Special Agent Richard Kolko said . U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack called Mughniyeh "  a cold-blooded killer , a mass murderer and a terrorist who was responsible for -LSB- ending -RSB- countless lives . " Watch the possible repercussions of Mughniyeh 's death " "  The world is a better place " without the Hezbollah commander , McCormack said . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said in a statement : "  We welcome the news that Imad Mughniyeh 's life of terror has finally come to an end . From Beirut to Dhahran , he orchestrated bombings , kidnappings and hijackings in which hundreds of American service members were killed . Hopefully , his demise will bring some measure of comfort to the families of all those military men he murdered . " Intelligence sources described Mughniyeh as one of the craftiest and deadliest terrorists in the world who managed to elude capture for decades by changing his appearance and covering his footsteps . Western intelligence agencies long suspected Mughniyeh in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , that killed 63 people . He also is suspected in the truck bombing that year of the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut , an attack that killed 241 people and preceded the U.S. military withdrawal from Lebanon . Before the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , U.S. officials blamed Mughniyeh for the deaths of more Americans around the world than any other terror suspect , CNN reported in 2001 . A month after the attacks in the United States , the FBI debuted its Most Wanted Terrorists list with Mughniyeh on it . Mughniyeh was not suspected of involvement in 9/11 , but he was a role model for bin Laden , who used the 1983 Marine barracks bombing as a standard , CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said . "  Because if you think about the attack , pretty much immediately afterwards President Reagan ordered the United States out of Lebanon , and so that 's the model bin Laden wanted to implement everywhere , attack the United States in places like Yemen or in Kenya , or in Tanzania , or even the United States itself and it will pull out of the Middle East . " Mughniyeh had been involved in training both terrorists in Iraq and some of the Shiite militia there , including elements of Moqtada al Sadr 's army , two U.S. intelligence officials told CNN . The officials were not authorized to speak for attribution . Mughniyeh also had a role in the 2006 kidnapping of the Israeli soldiers just prior to the outbreak of hostilities between Hezbollah and Israel in Lebanon , one of the officials said , and was involved in planning Hezbollah 's military operations during that conflict . Mughniyeh was involved in providing 50 tons of weapons to Palestinian terrorists in 2002 , that official said . Authorities blame Mughniyeh for the June 14 , 1985 , hijacking of TWA Flight 847 , which gripped the attention of TV viewers around the world for more than two weeks . Hijackers seized the plane as it traveled from Athens , Greece , to Rome , Italy , forcing it to land at the Beirut airport . U.S. Navy diver Robert Dean Stethem was shot and killed during the 17-day ordeal . Kurt Carlson , a TWA 847 passenger who was badly beaten , recalled that Mughniyeh "  looked like really a fanatic . " "  As he talked about Israel , the tone of his voice kept rising , until finally he was just screaming and his eyes were glassy , and we did n't know what he was going to do , " Carlson said . "  I mean , I thought he was just going to pull out a gun and start shooting . " Flight 847 may have been the one careless move that the man in the shadows made . Mughniyeh reportedly left a fingerprint on the plane , gaining him a place on the FBI 's most wanted terrorist list with a $ 5 million bounty on his head . Western intelligence agencies also suspect Mughniyeh in the early '90s bombings of the Israeli Embassy and a Jewish cultural center in Argentina that killed 119 people ; and the kidnapping of Western hostages -- two of whom were killed -- in Lebanon in the 1980s . Israel had come close to finding Mughniyeh before and killing him , said Yossi Melman , an intelligence reporter for the Israeli newspaper Haaretz . In 1992 , intelligence agents tracked him and his brother to a Beirut garage . "  They shadowed his brother and planted the bomb in the garage , knowing that Imad Mughniyeh would arrive there , but he was late and the bomb exploded and the brother was killed . Probably they missed him by a few minutes , " Melman said . A former head of Israel 's intelligence agency said Mughniyeh 's unseen hand apparently struck the first blow in the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah , a militant group based in Lebanon that seeks to establish a fundamentalist Muslim state . Former Mossad chief Danny Yaton said Mughniyeh appeared to be responsible for the attack that killed eight Israeli soldiers and the abduction of two others , triggering Israel Defense Forces operations in Lebanon . U.S. authorities tried to seize Mughniyeh on at least two occasions -- in France in 1986 and in Saudi Arabia in 1995 , CNN reported . Former CIA officer Robert Baer said Mughniyeh was "  head and shoulders above any other terrorist in the world . " Mughniyeh reportedly destroyed all records and documents describing his past . He was believed to have been born in 1962 , growing up in the Shiite neighborhoods of Beirut . Palestinian militants recruited him as a teenager , and he eventually was in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's elite guard . The 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon apparently further inflamed Mughniyeh 's hatred for the Jewish state . E-mail to a friend	State Department , FBI welcome news of militant 's death , await confirmation Terror experts call Imad Mughniyeh a role model for Osama bin Laden Mughniyeh dies in Syrian blast , according to Hezbollah TV Mughniyeh suspected in 1983 Lebanon bombings , 1985 plane hijacking
CNN  -- A new poll this week claims the thing people most want to see in an airport is a cinema . Not automated , super-fast security checks , not complimentary Michelin-star dining options , not even Star Trek-style transporters to your destination  presumably those questioned could have chosen anything ?  . No , it seems people are resigned to the fact that airports must be endured rather than enjoyed , and a good movie is the most we can even wish for , let alone expect . Kudos to Hong Kong , Seoul and Singapore , which all have cinemas in their international airports already . Flight comparison site Skyscanner asked 10,000 people what they would most like to see in an airport . Responses ranged "  from a gym to a beach , " the site said . Nearly half chose cinemas as their top airport wish , followed by "  sleep pods "  36 %  and a library  32 %  . Other items included a park , a pool and a "  vanity area . " But who has time for all these activities ? Can you have fun in an airport ? Are n't airports most often sites of flustered , sweaty travelers rushing between gates , or tense mothers squawking at their children to "  sit still ! " or irate latecomers having melt downs ? Perhaps these enjoyable amenities would make us all arrive earlier and feel happier . No doubt frequent flyers spending several hours each month wondering what to do between Dallas/Fort Worth and Heathrow would appreciate the distraction . Hong Kong International Airport was the first airport to have an IMAX cinema within . It 's a behemoth 358-seater with a 22-meter-high screen . But despite being open to the general public , not just fliers , up to 40 % of the audience are airport and airline staff , says Kathe Lin , deputy marketing manager at UA Cinema Circuit , which operates the IMAX in Hong Kong . And anecdotal evidence from travelers suggests the place is rarely full , or even close to it . Singapore 's Changi airport has two cinemas , only accessible to passengers , but they are relatively modest at 13 seats and 55 seats . Korea 's Incheon International Airport was built with a specific audience in mind : "  We opened a theater at the airport to target the massive number of hallyu  Korean Wave  fans who come to the airport , " says a CGV Theaters representative . These include local residents as well as international travelers who flock to see their favorite K-Pop artists and Korean movie stars as they travel through the airport . CGV is catering to an eager crowd , but the spokesperson admits days are usually pretty quiet . Do we want what we say we want ? The evidence seems to suggest that despite the professed wishes of cinema-deprived travelers , where airport cinemas exist already , people are n't really that bothered . Figure in the amount of space a cinema takes up , the logistics , the cost , the maintenance and other bits and pieces that go into managing the space , and it 's probably just as well most airports concentrate on other things . What do you think ? Would you use an airport cinema if you had the time ? Tell us below	Nearly half of those surveyed say they would like a cinema in airports But where airport cinemas already exist , few people reportedly use them Hong Kong International Airport 's IMAX cinema is the biggest in the city
CNN  -- Perhaps Tim Meadows ' invitation back to "  Saturday Night Live " got lost in the mail . The actor , who appeared on "  SNL " from 1991 to 2000 , initially seemed upset to see the show bring back its Bill Brasky sketch without him on Saturday . Written by "  SNL " alums Will Ferrell and Adam McKay , the sketch revolved around guys recalling the daring feats of legendary businessman Bill Brasky . At the heart of it was Ferrell who , with teeth too large and a drunken slur , would join his compatriots in toasting Brasky 's awesomeness . With Ferrell back on the show Saturday , "  SNL " resurrected the sketch and tapped his "  Anchorman 2 " co-stars David Koechner and Paul Rudd , host of the night 's episode , to join him . Most viewers were probably thrilled to see the sketch return , but Meadows apparently was shocked . "  They did Brasky without me ... , " he posted on his Facebook page . "  Not even a ` hey would you want to come to do one line and bring your kids to see  One Direction  ... ? ' Nothing ... Wow ... I guess I know my place . " Meadows said he 's "  grateful for what they did for me " but it "  stings a little to not even be considered as someone they would like to come back around . ... Sorry  ` The Ladies Man '  bombed . ...  I  f it would have done better they would n't treat me like a red-headed stepchild . " Other Brasky sketch regulars from the old days , such as Alec Baldwin and John Goodman , were also missing in action , and Meadows suggested the bit appeared to double as an "  Anchorman 2 " promo . "  I 'm sure it 's economics and budget , " he said Sunday morning . "  I 'm not in ` Anchorman ' and I 'm not promoting a show so who would want to pay for me to fly to NYC . I 'm nobody . " Later , after encouraging words from fans  "  The Ladies Man " may not have done well at the box office , but at least one person considers the 2000 movie a classic  and learning the sketch was a last-minute deal , Meadows seemed to have made peace with being left out . "  Thanks everyone for all your kind comments . I 'm not mad at the show , " he shared . "  I know what it takes to produce those sketches in a short amount of time . I talked to a friend on the show who said it WAS a last-minute sketch . I acted like a baby . I 'm happy for all of my friends ' success and will always be grateful and proud to have been a part of ` SNL . ' That being said do n't forget to see ` Anchorman 2 ' coming soon to a  theater  near you . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  Saturday Night Live " alum Tim Meadows did n't seem happy to see sketch return without him The NBC series resurrected the Bill Brasky sketch on Saturday Will Ferrell , David Koechner and Paul Rudd took part in sketch Meadows later said he understood it was a last-minute addition
CNN  -- An Arizona police department will conduct an investigation into the bloody arrest of a 54-year-old grandfather during a Black Friday sale at a Walmart , an assistant police chief said Saturday . Jerald Newman , 54 , was released Saturday from a Maricopa County jail , his wife , Pamela , told CNN . He has been charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting . "  He is  as good as expected ... but he is emotionally and mentally a wreck , " she said . Newman was among a throng of shoppers crammed into a Buckeye , Arizona , Walmart soon after it opened late the night of Thanksgiving . "  They were just letting people in ; there was nowhere to walk , " said his daughter , Berneta Sanchez , who was also in the store . "  Teenagers and adults were fighting for these games , taking them away from little kids and away from my father . " The suspect 's grandson , Nicholas Nava , told CNN affiliate KNXV that Newman had grabbed one video game and put it under his shirt so that others jostling for the game did n't take it from him . One person alerted a police officer , who then approached Newman . David Chadd , a CNN iReporter from Las Vegas , was among the crowd shopping for video games set up in the Walmart 's grocery section . He said Newman "  was not resisting " arrest as he was led away from the crowd by a police officer . That officer , Chadd said , then suddenly hooked the suspect around the leg , grabbed him and "  slammed him face first into the ground . " "  It was like a bowling ball hitting the ground , that 's how bad it was , " he said . Video , recorded by Chadd and later posted on CNN 's iReport , shows an apparently unconscious Newman head-down on the floor in a pool of blood . As he 's turned over , Buckeye police officers appear to try to revive him -- at which point his face , covered mostly in blood , is revealed . Several voices , apparently those of fellow shoppers , are heard saying , "  Why would you throw him down so hard ? All he did was shoplifting and you threw him down like that ? " Another person says , "  They threw him down . He was n't doing anything wrong . " Two citizens then appear to come to Newman 's aid by applying paper towels to the man 's nose . Chadd estimated Newman was knocked out for about 10 minutes , all the while gushing blood and handcuffed . Buckeye Assistant Police Chief Larry Hall said Saturday that Newman 's case is "  basically in the court 's hands right now , as far as the resisting arrest and shoplifting goes . " The department will conduct an investigation to assess whether the actions of the police officer involved in the arrest were "  within reason , " based on "  our policy and also the law . " He said that probe would happen soon , adding it was "  days away . " "  We may have an independent agency conduct the inquiry , just to show transparency , " Hall said . As to the criminal charges , Todd Nolan -- the attorney representing Newman -- said his office will conduct discovery procedures Monday with police "  to gather evidence proving my client is innocent . " The suspect himself plans to speak to the media later next week , his lawyer said . Walmart spokeswoman Ashley Hardie said the retail giant was aware of the incident . "  We are concerned whenever there is an incident involving a customer at one of our stores , " Hardie said . "  We are in contact with the local police and are sharing any information we have with them . " Sanchez described her father as "  a really nice man , " saying he is a custom furniture maker who preaches through the California prison system . He has raised his grandson from birth and , even while in the hospital , Sanchez said the boy was her father 's chief concern . Whatever happens , Sanchez vowed that next year she wo n't be shopping in the wee hours of the Friday morning after Thanksgiving . "  I will never leave my house again on Black Friday , because I do n't want to put my daughter through that again , " she said , noting her daughter was there to see police standing over her bloody grandfather . "  I 'd rather stay home . And if they have Black Friday , they need more security . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Jerald Newman , 54 , is out of jail after being arrested at an Arizona Walmart , his wife says A witness says a police officer upended the man , leaving him bloodied on the floor Newman was later charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting A police official says an investigation will be conducted into the officer 's actions
Just a few hundred yards from the podium where Paul Ryan spoke to the roaring Republican faithful , 27 undecided Florida voters listened intently to his words . In their hands , they held electronic audience reaction dials , twisting them back and forth to record their approval or disapproval second by second , giving instant feedback and real-time ratings of the speech . This is the battlefront that will determine the election : The candidate who can win the holdouts -- the voters who have yet to make up their minds -- will likely win the whole race this fall . The group of voters was convened by CNN with the assistance of Southern Methodist University in Dallas communication professors Dan Schill and Rita Kirk . CNN hired the university to conduct the tests but the voters were not compensated . ` Gen Xer ' Paul Ryan takes up torch , makes case to young voters Though the group members declared themselves undecided , they were not neutral . In a series of dial test questions before the speech , the participants made it clear they are generally conservative , moderately religious and -- while most called themselves independent -- more leaned Republican than Democrat . Seventy-eight percent of the people in the group rated the economy or the budget deficit as the top issue in the race . Eighty-five percent indicated they believe the country is going in the wrong direction . In short , most of the dial-testers are ready to see a change in Washington 's ways , but while they decidedly disapprove of President Barack Obama 's performance , they are ambivalent about whether Mitt Romney can or will do better . Ryan 's speech , however , seemed to give many of them at least a mild nudge in Romney 's direction . Nearly one in six Americans is living in poverty , the Republican congressman from Wisconsin said to the cheering crowd in the convention hall . Roundup : How did Paul Ryan do ? "  Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency , ready to use their gifts and get moving in life . Half of them ca n't find the work they studied for , or any work at all . " In the focus group , the men ate it up . The women lagged below the men in their approval until about halfway through the speech , when Ryan began talking about his mother 's struggles to work and raise the family following the sudden death of Ryan 's father . "  It was n't just a new livelihood . It was a new life . And it transformed my mom from a widow in grief to a small businesswoman whose happiness was n't just in the past . " By and large , all the dial testers responded strongly to Ryan 's references to hard work , initiative , and maintaining the American dream . The men and women split when he talked about rolling back health care reform ; men liking that idea more , women liking it less . But here is the tough truth for Team Romney : More than half the dial testers came into the evening indicating that if they had to vote right now , "  undecided " would still win by a landslide . Paul Ryan a true son of Janesville , Wisconsin	The candidate who can win undecided voters will likely win the election Most of the dial-testers are ready to see a change in Washington 's ways The testers respond strongly to Ryan 's references to hard work and initiative
CNN  -- It may have more than a half-billion dollars in the bank and the backing of tech titans like Google , as well as the investors with some of Silicon Valley 's deepest pockets . You 've probably never heard of Magic Leap , a startup so secretive they 're not even telling the public who is on their team . But they 're promising to change the world -- or at least how we experience it . What 's clear is that Magic Leap is working on augmented-reality technology . And they 're claiming that the product they 're keeping tightly under wraps will trump anything that 's been offered by existing companies like Oculus , the virtual-reality company Facebook bought this year for $ 2 billion . Magic Leap is making "  what we believe will be the most natural and human-friendly wearable computing interface in the world , " said CEO Rony Abovitz in a written release from February , when the company secured $ 50 million in investments . Now , Google and other major tech investors are preparing to pour $ 500 million into the Florida-based company , according to tech blog Recode . "  What is remarkable is how well the human body and mind respond when technology respects biology , so truly magical experiences become possible , " Abovitz said . "  Our technology exists to unlock the creative spark found in all of us . " Not surprisingly , a company spokesman declined the opportunity to comment for this story . Abovitz was the co-founder of MAKO Surgical , a company that made a robotic arm that can be used to perform orthopedic surgery . That company sold for a cool $ 1.65 billion in December . But , as staffing at Magic Leap goes , we do n't know much more . On the website 's "  Team " page , where most startups brag about the experience and talent of their employees , Magic Leap lists no names , just offbeat titles like "  artificial intelligence gurus , " "  software ninjas " and "  computing hobbits . " Those who have gotten a peak behind the curtain , though , are impressed . "  What Rony and the Magic Leap team have created is nothing short of remarkable and will forever change the way we interact with images and information , " a member of the startup 's board of directors and co-founder of special-effects and props company Weta Workshop . Visitors to Magic Leap 's website are greeted by a high-definition , point-of-view video that shows a tiny elephant appear to stand in the user 's hand before leaping into the air and floating . In July , the New York Times reported that one tool Magic Leap is using is called a "  digital light field . " The technology is more complex than existing augmented-reality tools and would create , in effect , 3D light sculptures before the user 's eyes . Based on its website , Magic Leap appears to have trademarked the term "  Cinematic Reality " for its technology . With Google reportedly investing so heavily , it 's not hard to imagine Magic Leap being paired with Google Glass , the tech giant 's entry in the wearable tech field that could hit the market as early as this year .	Mysterious Magic Leap plans "  magical " augmented reality Florida startup reportedly got $ 500 million from Google and others Wearable device being built by "  software ninjas , " "  computing hobbits "
CNN  -- Mexico City , home to 20 million people , represents the paradox of the modern Mexico , the side-by-side juxtaposition -- in everything from politics to architecture -- of old and new . Turn a corner , and you 'll see a church that is 300 years old . Turn another , and you can get Wi-Fi in a Starbucks . The Distrito Federal , also known as Mexico City , serves as a constant reminder that Mexicans are about maintaining tradition , except when they 're sidestepping it . They 're about moving forward , except when they are unable to let go of the past . They 're about preserving memory , except when they have amnesia . For example , when it comes to forgiving the corrupt Institutional Revolutionary Party  also known by its initials , PRI  , whose leaders brutalized the Mexican people and plundered the country for much of the 20th century , they have short memories ; they recently returned the PRI to power by electing Enrique Pena Nieto to the presidency . He takes office December 1 . But when it comes to the aftermath of the U.S.-Mexican war , which lasted from 1846 to 1848 and resulted in the United States seizing half of Mexico 's territory -- the modern-day U.S. Southwest -- Mexicans ' memories are long , and forgiveness is n't easy to find . Even after all these years , in diplomatic circles , you still hear talk of the "  sovereignty " issue -- which , loosely defined , means the constant effort by Mexico to keep the United States from meddling in its domestic affairs and the need for the U.S. to tread lightly . News : In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire I went to Mexico City recently as part of a delegation of Mexican-American and American Jewish leaders organized by the Latino and Latin American Institute of the American Jewish Committee . For the global Jewish advocacy organization , the goal of the trip was to strengthen relations between Mexican-Americans and Jews in the United States . Although my grandfather was born in Chihuahua and came to the United States with his family as a boy during the Mexican Revolution , I 'm hopelessly American . This is my fourth trip to Mexico City in the past 15 years , and I still feel like a foreigner . With each visit , the place reinvents itself . As becomes clear when one spends any length of time here , this beautiful city is also the place where taboos disappear -- except when they do n't . A liberal island in this overwhelming Roman Catholic country , the city legalized early-term abortion in 2007 and gay marriage and single-sex adoption in 2010 . Pena Nieto has even broached a topic that would have been heresy just to mention 20 years ago : amending the Mexican Constitution to allow foreign companies to enter into contracts with the Mexican government and drill for oil on land and in the Gulf of Mexico . And yet , even with all the progress and openness in Mexico over the past few years , there is still one subject that no one talks about , one that is still off-limits : race . The enduring taboo subject is skin color , whether an individual 's complexion betrays an allegiance to the Spanish who conquered the Aztec empire in 1521 or the Aztecs who were conquered . It 's no exaggeration to say that , in this country and especially in this city , the best , highest-paying , most important jobs often seem to go to those who , in addition to having the best education and the strongest connections , have the lightest skin . On television , in politics and in academia , you see light-skinned people . On construction sites , in police forces and in restaurant kitchens , you 're more likely to find those who are dark-skinned . In the priciest neighborhoods , the homeowners have light skin , and the housekeepers are dark . Everyone knows this , and yet no one talks about it , at least not in elite circles . Nor do Mexicans seem all that eager to discuss the larger dynamic that race feeds into : the fact that this is , and has always been , a country of deep divisions . In the 100 years since the Mexican Revolution , one part of Mexico has often been at war with another : urban vs. rural , rich vs. poor and , yes , dark-skinned vs. light-skinned . It 's one reason that institutions such as the economy , the political system and the social structure have n't matured as quickly as they should have , given Mexico 's advantages . This country of 120 million people has ports , highways , airports and skyscrapers . It takes in billions of dollars every year in revenues from oil and natural gas , and billions more from tourism and remittances from Mexican migrants living abroad . Mexico 's economy is growing faster than the U.S. economy , and investments are flowing in from Asia and Europe . It 's consistently within the top three of trading partners for the United States . But what good is all that when only a small number of the population can live up to their full potential ? Prejudice kills progress . The hour is late . It 's time for Mexico to confront the color line and free itself of its past . Or it wo n't have much of a future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : In Mexico , the old and new are juxtaposed in everything Navarrette : Issues break down into urban vs. rural , dark-skinned vs. light-skinned Light-skinned Mexicans have the advantages , he says , but nobody talks about this bias Many Mexicans ca n't achieve their potential , he says , and prejudice kills Mexico 's progress
CNN  -- Nearly 2.1 billion people -- about 30 % of the world 's population -- use the Internet , according to the most recent data compiled by internetworldstats.com . That 's more than five times the amount of people who were online at the end of the year 2000 . The most Internet users are in China and the United States , but China 's 485 million users account for only 36.3 % of the country 's population . The Internet is much more common in the U.S. , where its 245 million users make up 78.2 % of the population . The most wired countries in the world are Monaco and Iceland , where at least 97 % of people are online . Nordic countries , in general , stand out for their high online presence . Norway is third on the list , behind Iceland with 94.4 % . Sweden  92.4 %  , Greenland  90.2 %  , Denmark  85.9 %  and Finland  85.2 %  are also in the top 10 . At the bottom of the list are mostly poor African countries , including Liberia , Ethiopia and Somalia . More comparisons : Where are the undernourished ? Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Nordic countries dominate the top 10 list for highest online presence At least 97 % of people in Monaco and Iceland are online , according to Internet World Stats China has 485 million Internet users , but that 's only about a third of its entire population
CNN  -- DNA has linked the slayings of three women , Philadelphia police said Tuesday night in announcing they are looking for a serial killer . Authorities are offering a $ 30,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in recent homicides and assaults on women . "  We now know that this predator is responsible for three murders in this area , " task force Capt. James Clark said at a news conference . The reward offer comes as police and federal agents petition neighborhood residents for information in their joint investigation of the three killings and three other attacks on women in the Kensington area of Philadelphia . The partially clothed body of the latest victim , Casey Mahoney , 27 , was discovered December 15 , according to police spokeswoman Jillian Russell . Mahoney had been sexually assaulted and strangled . Police say Elaine Goldberg , 21 , and Nicole Piacentini , 35 , were killed in strangulation attacks in November . Analysis showed the three were killed by the same assailant , Clark said . Previously , DNA from the scene of the two earlier homicides was found to be from a single person , police spokesman Ray Evers said . Authorities believe the attacker likely is still in the 10-block radius where the attacks occurred . "  We have detectives working day and night , following every tip , " Clark said . "  It 's time to bring this offender to justice , " said Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey . "  Help us stop this brutal violence from occurring in the future . " The location , the similar nature of the attacks and the descriptions of the attacker led police to suspect they are connected . The victims all were choked , police said . But authorities say they lack corroborating DNA evidence linking the assaults to the homicides because too much time had elapsed between the initial two assaults in October and when the victims notified police . "  The assault victims did not come forward until police began combing the Kensington  neighborhood  for suspects and potential victims following the November homicides , " Evers said . Federal agents joined the investigation earlier this month , bringing in resources from the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit , violent criminal apprehension program , and National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime . "  The investigation appears to be limited to Philadelphia , " said FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver . "  This could change if there are any indications that the subject or subjects responsible for the crimes ... are linked to similar crimes elsewhere . " The assault victims described the attacker as an African-American male in his early 20s , weighing between 160 and 170 pounds . Police said a third assault victim was pulled into an alley earlier this month . Despite being choked , punched and hit on the head with a brick , the 33-year-old woman escaped , and her assailant fled the scene , according to a police report . All victims were white females involved in prostitution and narcotics , police said .	NEW : DNA links three killings , police say Authorities are offering a $ 30,000 reward in recent homicides and assaults Police are investigating three killings , three assaults they believe are connected All six victims were choked , police say ; survivors gave similar descriptions
As we all know , Thanksgiving is n't always the harmonious holiday it 's sometimes made out to be . Stick a bunch of relatives together in the same house , add menu planning and alcohol , and things can get a little snippy . Many people have strong opinions about how to cook the turkey , what side dishes to serve and who has to clean up . Family traditions die hard and new ideas are n't always welcome . "  I know you do n't like creamed pearled onions , but we 've had creamed pearled onions at our Thanksgiving table since I was a little girl and we 're not about to stop now . I had to suffer , so we 're all going to suffer . " And do n't get us started on the potatoes . Your Thanksgiving do-ahead list Then there are broader questions of Thanksgiving Day etiquette . Some families break out the fine china and dress up for dinner , while others eat on paper plates in front of the TV . Some of us watch football , while others hold annual viewings of "  Planes , Trains and Automobiles . "  Those are n't pillows ! Still funny every time . And , as stores open earlier and earlier to chase those Black Friday dollars , there 's even a formerly unheard-of question for families to grapple with : Is it OK to go holiday shopping on Thanksgiving ? Nobody wants to squabble on a holiday , but some family feuds are inevitable . See our gallery above for the things you 're most likely to bicker about on Thursday . And no , you should n't ever go holiday shopping on Thanksgiving . Do n't fear the vegan at your Thanksgiving table	Many people have strong opinions about how things should be done on Thanksgiving Nobody wants to squabble on a holiday , but some family feuds are inevitable
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- The long , complicated legal road for NFL players and owners kicked off in a federal courtroom Wednesday , as both sides made their case for and against lifting a lockout that could delay the start of the football season . At the conclusion of the hearing , Judge Susan Richard Nelson said she expected to make a decision in a couple of weeks . The lockout is the result of an ongoing dispute between the NFL owners and the players who failed to reach a collective-bargaining agreement last month . Tom Brady , Drew Brees , Peyton Manning and seven other players have filed a lawsuit on behalf of other current and eligible NFL players against the league to halt the lockout , which could affect the start of the 2011-12 season scheduled for September 8 . What to expect from Brady v. NFL They want a preliminary injunction to block the lockout . The players also want a future trial to determine if the NFL lockout is in violation of federal antitrust laws . In his opening statement to the judge , the players ' attorney James Quinn stressed the players face "  irreparable harm " to their careers , income and health , if a preliminary injunction is not granted . NFL attorney David Boies disagreed with that position . "  They say there is irreparable harm , we say there is not , " Boies told the judge . "  There are numerous factual disagreements between the parties . " Nelson asked several times whether an evidentiary hearing is necessary to resolve the factual disputes . But Quinn said , among other things , that would only "  delay " this process . The players present in the courtroom were Vincent Jackson of the San Diego Chargers , Ben Leber and Brian Robison of the Minnesota Vikings , Mike Vrabel of the Kansas City Chiefs , draft-eligible Texas A&M linebacker Von Miller and retired NFL player Carl Eller . On Monday , Nelson agreed to combine Brady v. National Football League with another class-action lawsuit , Eller v. NFL , filed in March by a group primarily made up of retired NFL players . That second lawsuit is "  potentially more threatening " because the plaintiffs in Eller v. NFL are not bargaining members of the NFL 's players union , the National Football League Players Association , or NFLPA , and the NFL can not argue that they engaged in bad faith during collective-bargaining discussions , according to SI.com 's legal analyst Michael McCann . "  The NFLPA may be removed from the picture in Eller v. NFL , a point which would take away a key defense the NFL enjoys in Brady v. NFL , " McCann said . Last month , negotiations between the NFL and players union aimed at preventing a work stoppage broke down . The union decertified itself . By giving up their collective-bargaining rights , the players could file individual antitrust suits against the league and the owners . That move set the stage for a lengthy legal battle with owners . At the time , the NFL accused the union of walking away from "  a very good deal on the table . " If the players are locked out from playing in September , it would be the first NFL work stoppage since 1987 , with months of labor and legal maneuvering for football fans already confused about how a $ 9 billion industry lacks enough money to satisfy everyone . NFL prepares players for lockout The heart of the issue between the players and the owners is how to divide the league 's $ 9 billion in revenue . Right now , NFL owners take $ 1 billion off the top of that revenue stream . After that , the players get about 60 % . The owners say that the current labor deal does n't take into account the rising costs related to building stadiums and promoting the game . The players argue that the league has not sufficiently opened up its books to prove this point . In addition , the owners also want to increase the season by two games , which some players are against because of the risk of injuries . While star players earn millions of dollars each year , the median NFL salary is $ 790,000 and the average career lasts about four years . A lockout also affects the league 's employees : the receptionists , ticket salespeople and stadium workers . The New York Jets have announced that they will require all business-side employees to take a one-week unpaid leave each month during any lockout . Poll : Who do you think is to blame ? The lockout will not stop the NFL Draft , which will proceed as scheduled on April 28-30 , the league said . All other regular off-season activity would cease , threatening to delay or cancel the start of the new season . The teams might approach the draft a bit differently in the midst of a lockout , according to Steve Politi , a sports columnist for The Star-Ledger in Newark , New Jersey . "  Teams might  pick  based on needs rather than the best players available , because who knows when they 'll be able to address those needs on the free-agent market , " Politi said . It is possible for the NFL season to go forward with replacement players , but analyst McCann said that is not likely : "  Practical and legal hurdles would make doing so extremely unlikely , " he said . But it 's still a possibility . "  The NFL might argue that if NFL players wo n't accept the league 's best CBA  collective-bargaining agreement  offer , the league has no choice but to resume games with other players who are willing to play , " he added . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo reported from Atlanta , and Chris Welch reported from St. Paul .	NEW : Federal hearing on lifting the NFL lockout wraps up NEW : Judge says she will make a decision in a couple of weeks The lockout would affect the start of the next season
CNN  -- Like the moment that Harry Potter first learned he was a wizard , Raleigh Browne can vividly recall when he first heard of the adventures of the "  Boy Who Lived . " "  It was the summer between my kindergarten and first-grade years when my mom returned home from the bookstore with a copy of ` Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , ' " he said . "  She laid the paperback down on our kitchen table and told me that a number of her friends had told her that the ` Harry Potter ' books were wonderful stories , and she wanted me to try ` Sorcerer 's Stone . ' My mom offered to read it aloud to me . " He said he was instantly mesmerized once she started reading it to him . "  After a few more nights of reading with my mom , I could restrain myself no longer , and I picked up the book and began to read it on my own . " He was about to enter first grade , but the Mechanicsville , Virginia , resident soon devoured the first four "  Potter " books , and a few years later , he made that fateful journey to the bookstore to pick up the final book , "  Deathly Hallows . " He can even remember the number of the reserved copy that the store called for him to pick up : 372 . He said the dedication spoke deeply to him , and he recalls reflecting on the series after nine hours of reading the final part of the story . "  These fantastic books have made a profound impact on my life , " he said . "  These books have shaped the way I think , act and live . " He sees Harry Potter as a friend whom he knows better than some of his real friends , and Dumbledore as a mentor . Browne is one of many iReporters who said that they felt a kinship to Harry Potter , having literally grown up with the character . A lasting friendship Anna Venckus of Memphis met her best friend , Madeline Trantham , through "  Harry Potter " : "  When we were in third grade , we were hanging out in her room  I was already obsessed with ` Harry Potter '  , and I asked her if she 'd ever heard of ` Harry Potter . ' She said yes , she 'd seen a couple of the movies . Somehow I got her to read the books and she began to love it , too . We became so close so quickly -- all because of ` Harry Potter . ' " ` Potter ' fans line up for grand adieu Since then , the pair has seen every movie since "  Order of the Phoenix " together , and went on Thursday night to see the midnight showing of the final film . She describes their relationship as "  closer than sisters . " "  Her ` altar ego ' is Hermione , and mine is Ginny , " she said . "  Thank You , J.K. Rowling . Because of you , I have the best friend a girl could ask for . " The lessons of ` Potter ' For Katie Mahoney , it was an encounter with Rowling that started her on the way to making Harry a significant part of her life . The author was signing books at her elementary school , and her friend got a signed copy of one of the "  Potter " books , which peaked Mahoney 's interest . "  Once I started reading ` The Sorcerer 's Stone , " I could n't put them down , " she said . "  I loved that the hero was young and easy to relate to . Harry could be anyone , since he is grounded in the real world , but is then whisked away to the wizarding world . " The West Lafayette , Indiana , resident said she has learned many life lessons from the stories : "  The books  taught me about right and wrong , and how the ends do not justify the means . The books also taught me about human nature , how your actions can have a significant effect way down the line . " She would greatly anticipate every new installment , going to sites such as Mugglenet.com to find out anything she could about the next book . Now that the books and movies have come to an end , she does n't see them going away anytime soon . "  Certainly Harry will live on in events like Quidditch , which I do n't see slowing down anytime soon . Many colleges have already recognized it as a sport , " she said .  In fact , she took part in the 2010 Quidditch World Cup in New York . "  With bands like Draco and the Malfoys , the Whomping Willows , the Parselmouths , the Ministry of Magic and Harry and the Potters , Harry will have a place in music as well . " An ` Army ' of friends Laura Bucklin from Solon , Iowa -- who , at 21 , is the same age as Harry Potter would be now -- remembers the moment in 1998 when her friend lent her the first book . "  I 've been captivated ever since , " she said . In high school , she and a group of friends would constantly discuss the books and movies , and dressed up as "  Dumbledore 's Army " during their school 's homecoming week . This tradition extended to the openings of each film . "  I love Ron , so I tied up my long hair in a bun and stuffed it under a red wig that my mom and I cut ourselves from a ` Scooby-Doo ' Daphne wig , " she said . She said that she posted an iReport to let her friends know that she was thinking of them when she went to see the final movie since she is doing an internship out of town . More "  Potter " stories Inspired by the wizarding world Dylan Hurwitz remembers being disappointed at age 11 -- soon after he began reading the books -- when an owl did n't arrive to whisk him away to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . Instead , the books inspired him to create more art . He made a stop-motion animated film of the first book . He drew scenes from the books , or created new scenes he hoped to see in future books . He wrote fan fiction and went on to write his own 200-page fantasy story . "  I would often play the movies on TV and mute it , and watching the action onscreen , improvise new songs , " he said , adding he 's interested in a career in writing musical scores for movies . He said Rowling 's rags-to-riches success and the imaginative stories stirred a passion for artistic expression . Whether "  Harry Potter " influenced art , relationships or simply the pure joy of reading , it 's clear the books and movies wo n't soon be forgotten , especially for those who grew up with them . As Browne put it , " ` Harry Potter ' has defined my generation , and while our ` Harry Potter ' era may be drawing to a close , the series will live on forever . "	Many iReporters feel a kinship to Harry Potter , having literally grown up with the character "  These books have shaped the way I think , act and live , " Raleigh Browne says Katie Mahoney says "  Harry Potter " will live on despite books and movies coming to an end What did you think of the new movie ? Let iReport know
NEW YORK  CNN  -- With strong sales and equally powerful praise , the July issue of Italian Vogue can be judged a resounding success . Chanel Iman is one of several models of color featured in the "  Black Issue " of Italian Vogue . Dubbed the "  Black Issue , " the magazine celebrates models of color from the past and present , including Donyale Luna , Liya Kebede , Naomi Campbell , Iman and Chanel Iman . Within 72 hours , the magazine sold out in the United States and Great Britain . Blog posts and e-mails about the beauty and historical significance of the issue began to flow -- and industry insiders were equally pleased . Praising renowned photographer Steven Meisel , who shot most of the issue 's fashion pictures , The New York Times fashion critic Cathy Horyn gushed , "  I think they are some of the best he 's done . ... They are crazily , softly beautiful , plainly the work of someone who knows women and fashion . " See what all the fuss is about " Another 40,000 copies of the "  Black Issue " were recently reprinted to meet the still strong demand . But will the all the hoopla translate into tangible change for black models in the fashion industry ? Will more color be seen on the runway and in magazines ? Many observers have their fingers crossed . "  All the agents were happy about the issue because it gives us hope that other people will catch on and decide that it 's OK to use more black girls , " said Carlos Ojeda , an agent at New York Models . "  It 's OK to have more than just one , and she does n't have to always be Naomi . " "  Italian Vogue is very influential around the world on an artistic level , " said Constance White , style director at eBay . "  That is the book that all the art directors , the photographers , any fashion editor looking for inspiration turns to ... and always has . It has always been the trendsetter , so hopefully people will look at it and say using black models is both relevant and right and will start doing it too . " Bethann Hardison , a legendary model agent-manager , said she has noticed a shift in the industry since she began holding town hall meetings last September to address the lack of diversity in fashion . The packed-to-the-rafters events quickly became the talk of the industry , and Hardison is widely credited with sparking the current movement . "  I started seeing more black models on the runway back in February , " she said , pointing to the shows of designers like Diane Von Furstenberg and Michael Kors as examples . "  I have already seen change , and I know that I will continue to see change . " Not all are nearly as optimistic , and fear the diversity issue will become as passe as the skinny-model debate of a few years ago . "  I hate to sound cynical , but by January , I feel like it will be back to business as usual , " Ojeda said . "  I want to be hopeful and positive , but a part of me does not want to get my hopes up . " "  Let 's see if Italian Vogue is going to be able to live up to the standards that they 've now set , " added one prominent New York-based stylist . "  You ca n't have an issue with all black girls , pat yourself on the back and say ` that 's it for the year . ' " Hardison is working hard to make sure that does n't happen . She 's already scheduled another town hall meeting for September , and she 's also planning a mixer to introduce fledgling models of color to industry players . "  We just have to keep the bar high , " Hardison said , "  and keep showing beautiful women and pictures . " Lola Ogunnaike is the entertainment correspondent for CNN 's American Morning .	Italian Vogue recently ran "  Black Issue " highlighting women of color Issue was huge success -- sold well , earned great reviews Observers wonder if impact will last
CNN  -- Sports seasons come and go , but a long-running debate about the use of a Native American nickname and logo by University of North Dakota athletic teams appears nowhere close to a final outcome . A flurry of activity this week highlights the wide divisions over the Fighting Sioux nickname and logo . Those supporting the nickname -- including some Native Americans -- filed petitions asking for a vote this summer on the issue . The university announced Wednesday it is required to resume using it because of the filing of the petitions . The North Dakota Board of Higher Education , which agreed five years ago to retire the nickname , and the state 's attorney general will hold a conference call next week to discuss legal options in the imbroglio . The board of education and university system want an end to the whole matter . "  We 've heard from all sides . There certainly are people who said they want to keep it , " John Irby , public affairs consultant for the university system , told CNN Thursday . "  But the position again is , we should focus on education and this is robbing and stealing too much from the focus . It  education  is becoming collateral damage . " More damage comes in the form of sanctions by the National Collegiate Athletic Association , which has a policy against mascots "  deemed hostile or abusive toward Native Americans . " In 2005 , the NCAA sought to end the controversy surrounding such mascots by ordering some 20 schools whose nicknames and mascots they deemed "  abusive in terms of race , ethnicity or national origin " to either get Native American permission to use their name and likeness , or to come up with new ones . North Dakota is the last holdout in the NCAA 's campaign . The NCAA reiterated its stance on sanctions Wednesday , saying the "  university is subject to the terms of the policy if it uses the logo and nickname . " "  Those terms include not being able to host NCAA championship events and a prohibition against using the nickname and imagery on uniforms for student-athletes , along with cheerleaders ,  the  mascot or band members , in any NCAA championships , " said Erik Christianson , NCAA director of media relations , in a written statement . "  The NCAA sanctions are not a good thing , " Irby said . "  I have never seen the NCAA back down . " In 2007 , the North Dakota Board of Higher Education agreed to drop the Fighting Sioux nickname by August 15 , 2011 , in accordance with the NCAA 's policy . But that move was met with opposition . The state Legislature in early 2011 passed a law requiring the university to use the Fighting Sioux nickname . That law , however , was repealed in November 2011 when legislators approved a bill that allowed the school to stop using the moniker . North Dakotans who favor the mascot responded with a two-pronged strategy . On one had they are calling for the state constitution to be changed to stipulate the use of the Fighting Sioux name . If certified , that proposal would be on the November ballot . Supporters have until August to submit signatures to gain certification . The other effort calls for voters to decide in June whether to repeal the law that permitted the school to drop the name . Petitions backing that move were filed Tuesday with Secretary of State Al Jaeger . The state requires 13,452 certified signatures to put a law repeal issue before voters . North Dakota has about 684,000 residents . Petition supporters said they turned in more than the minimum number of signatures . "  By filing the petitions last night , the law as passed in early 2011 is now again in effect , " Jaeger told CNN on Wednesday . "  The law passed in November 2011 is now suspended . I have 35 days to review the petitions . If I find the petitions sufficient , it will be certified for the ballot . If not , the bill passed in November will again become the law . " In the meantime , university President Robert Kelley said the school , located in Grand Forks , is resuming the use of the name and logo . "  I want to reaffirm our respect for the laws of the state and the processes guaranteed under the North Dakota Constitution , " he said in a statement . There are still vestiges of the nickname on campus , including an ice hockey arena featuring a statue and hundreds of Fighting Sioux logos . While fightingsioux.com still links to the athletics department , the website now goes under a different web address and does not have the previous logo , a profile of a Sioux warrior . Doug Fullerton will be paying close attention to how the issue plays out . As commissioner of the Big Sky Conference , he is overseeing North Dakota 's ascent from Division II obscurity to the far more lucrative stage of Division I. "  When we invited  North Dakota 's football team  into the conference , this was not an issue , " he said last summer . Citing the conference 's "  close , close ties to Native American tribes " and the threat of boycotts , Fullerton said he has been on ` heightened alert ' Wednesday , North Dakota 's conference membership -- slated to begin July 1 -- could be rescinded if the college presidents within Big Sky so decide , he said . The 13 college presidents -- including Robert Kelley of North Dakota -- are scheduled to meet in early June , according to Fullerton . The NCAA requirement on Native American nicknames has resulted in varied responses among the targeted schools . The Arkansas State Indians became the Red Wolves ; the Indiana University of Pennsylvania Indians became the Crimson Hawks . Other schools satisfied the mandate by tweaking their name , such as Southeastern Oklahoma State , where the Savages are now known as the Savage Storm . Others , like the Bradley University Braves , whose name does not affiliate with a specific tribe , were allowed to keep their name so long as Native American logos and imagery were eschewed . Schools with higher-profile athletic programs fared better . The Florida State Seminoles , University of Utah Utes and Central Michigan University Chippewas each obtained permission from their respective namesake tribes to stay the course . But the North Dakota Fighting Sioux -- winners of seven national championships in men 's ice hockey -- were denied such an endorsement from the Tribal Council of the Standing Rock Sioux . But another tribal body , Spirit Lake , has expressed support for the nickname . A website , savethefightingsioux.com , calls for keeping the nickname and logo . It lists the Spirit Lake Committee for Understanding and Respect , whose members were among those who filed the petitions . "  We ask you to boldly ` Stand Up ' with us , the Dakota Sioux Nation , as we stand on principle against an injustice attempting to rid UND of its traditions and customs , " the website reads .	U. of North Dakota is the last holdout over an NCAA policy on Native American nicknames University system consultant : Education "  is becoming collateral damage " in the dispute The attorney general and higher education board plan to discuss legal options next week A move up to the Big Sky Conference may hinge on the Fighting Sioux nickname
A beam of light is supposed to shine off into infinity , but when Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker whip out their lightsabers for some spark-flying action , the light blades extrude like stick deodorant and then just stop . It 's like they 're sticks of light-matter . Hollywood may have made that stuff up , but now , scientists at MIT and Harvard have actually made that stuff -- not enough for a lightsaber , only a subatomic smidgeon . But even that much is a big deal . Light-matter existed previously only in theory , but now , for the first time , it has been observed in reality , researchers from the Center for Ultracold Atoms say . To oversimplify things , we 'll say that photons are subatomic particles that make up light . They have no detectable mass the way most matter does , and usually , they do n't stick together . You can shoot two lasers at each other , and the photons will pass right through one another . But physicists Mikhail Lukin and Vladan Vuletic recently got them to stick together to form molecules . They published the results of their work in the science journal Nature this week . Scientists create mini-brains from stem cells The newly created photon molecules do n't behave like traditional light , but more like a lightsaber , Lukin said . "  The physics of what 's happening in these molecules is similar to what we see in the movies . " But do n't picture yourself swashbuckling with a lightsaber just yet . As in the creation of pretty much all unusual matter , scientists have to produce extreme conditions in laboratories that ca n't exist naturally anywhere on Earth . They pumped atoms of rubidium , a kind of metal , into a vacuum chamber -- air would otherwise rapidly alter them . This created a metal cloud that they cooled down with lasers to about -450 degrees Fahrenheit , near what is called absolute zero . That makes atoms almost stand still . Then they fired photons into the atom cloud . The photons , elements of light , did not shoot through at the speed of light but acted a little like regular matter instead . They bumped into the atoms in a way similar to the way regular matter would . In the process , the photons slowed down enough to bump into each other and bond into molecules . It was a first . Scientists confirm new element 115 after atoms collide Though that 's fascinating , it does n't make for a handy lightsaber . But it could help in the future development of super computers known as quantum computers , Lukin said . And with some work , scientists could make whole crystals out of light . So , if Darth Vader shows up with a lightsaber , your great-grandchildren may be able to throw photon rocks at him . But do n't count on it . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more space and science news	When Vader and Skywalker whip out lightsabers , the blades look like sticks of light-matter Light usually wo n't stick together like regular matter , but scientists have made it happen The new light-matter acts like it does in the movies , scientists say But they have only created subatomic amounts of it , not nearly enough for a lightsaber
New York  CNN  -- New York police said Friday they have new video showing what they called a "  person of interest " in the case of a woman whose body was found in a suitcase earlier this week . Detectives from New York 's 23rd precinct , in the city 's Harlem neighborhood , made the video public two days after the victim 's body was found . Police had earlier released a separate , grainy video showing what they believe is the same man , rolling a suitcase down a street . The new video shows a dark-skinned man , wearing a black winter hat and a heavy jacket , at a store . He appears to be carrying several items when he enters the store , takes money from his wallet , and eventually leaves after making some purchases . Police did not detail how they got the new footage , where it came from , or at what time it was shot . On Thursday , police identified the victim as Betty Williams , 28 , from the Bronx . Williams was strangled and then stuffed into the dark-colored piece of luggage , authorities said . Blood was leaking from suitcase when it was found Wednesday night , police said . "  The cause of death is strangulation , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Thursday . "  We initially announced it was trauma to the back of the head -- that was the belief of the investigators at the scene . " Shortly after the find , the first video was released showing a man dressed in a dark knit hat and leather jacket with light-colored pants , pulling the suitcase near a stoop in East Harlem . The man pauses as three people walk by before hauling the suitcase past a dark-colored sport utility vehicle and out of the camera 's sight . The New York Police Department is seeking the public 's help in identifying the suspect in the videos , according to a police statement . Those with information are encouraged to submit tips online at www.nypdcrimestoppers.com or call 800-577-TIPS . "  We 're talking to relatives and we hope to have more definitive information about her acquaintances that will help in the investigation , " Kelly said . CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report	NEW : New video shows a "  person of interest " in case of a dead woman , police say NEW : The surveillance video shows a man , dressed in black , at a store Earlier video shows what police believe is the same man rolling the suitcase down a street The police commissioner says Betty Williams , 28 , from the Bronx , was strangled
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in the longest final in grand slam history to retain the Australian Open title in Melbourne . Djokovic has now won four out of the last five grand slams , beating Nadal in three successive finals , to underline his domination of men 's tennis , but it took him seven minutes short of six hours to see off the Spaniard in an epic final . After hitting the winning shot for a 5-7 6-4 6-2 6-7 7-5 victory , Djokovic lay on his back in triumph before ripping off his shirt , pumping his chest in triumph as he walked to the players ' box to embrace his coach . The match ended at 1.40 a.m. local time Monday and was 59 minutes longer than the previous record , the 1988 U.S. Open final between Mats Wilander and Ivan Lendl . Can anyone stop champion Djokovic ? It also broke the record for the longest match at the Australian Open , the five hours 14 minutes set by Nadal and Fernando Verdasco in 2009 . "  Rafa , you 're one of the best players ever , " Djokovic said at the trophy presentation . "  We made history tonight , and unfortunately there could n't be two winners . But I wish you all the best for this season and I hope that we will have many more matches like this and many more finals . " World No. 2 Nadal told the crowd : "  I will never forget this match . Even though I lost , it was something really special for me . " The Serbian was also involved in a near five-hour long battle to beat Britain 's Andy Murray in the semifinals and when he fell behind after an opening set lasting 80 minutes , all the omens pointed to a Nadal victory . But the 24-year-old from Belgrade was not to be denied even after a stirring recovery which saw his opponent take the fourth set on a tiebreak to force a decider on the Rod Laver Arena at Melbourne Park . It was a bitter disappointment for Nadal who , having beaten arch-rival Roger Federer in Thursday 's semifinal , was bidding for his 11th grand slam title . He had only lost once after winning the first set of a grand slam match since 2007 , but in the end he succumbed to Djokovic 's sheer persistence . Two breaks of service to one saw the Mallorcan claim the opener , but Djokovic broke in the fourth game of the second set to recover his composure . However , serving to level the match , Djokovic played a sloppy game and Nadal closed to 5-4 . But Nadal showed his first sign of fallibility in the next game as he fell behind and facing set point contrived to double fault . With the impetus now in his favor , Djokovic dominated the third set , running Nadal from side to side and taking it 6-2 with two breaks of service . Djokovic forced three break points on Nadal 's service , leading 4-3 in the fourth , but the World No. 2 showed his famous fighting qualities by retrieving them and holding for 4-4 . As the game was completed , a heavy rain shower caused a break in play as the roof on the arena was closed . When play resumed it was Nadal who came out the sharper and in the tiebreak which followed he upped his game to prevail seven points to five , pumping the air in trademark style as he leveled at two sets all . He looked set to complete the turnaround when he broke Djokovic to lead 4-2 in the decider . But it was not be be as the break was retrieved with Djokovic then looking the stronger . He finally broke through to serve for the match at 6-5 . Still he was forced to save a break point , but he closed out the match on the first championship point to claim the winner 's check for $ 2.4 million .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic wins Australian Open men 's singles title Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal of Spain in marathon five-setter Djokovic has won four of the last five grand slam titles Longest grand slam final in history at five hours 52 minutes
CNN  Pope Francis used a punch to make a point about the limits of free expression , but he ended up on the defensive because of it -- with a Vatican spokesman saying it was "  in no way intended to be interpreted as justification for the violence and terror that took place in Paris last week . " The Pope made the gesture and accompanying remarks while flying from Sri Lanka to the Philippines , where he started a five-day visit Thursday . He did n't mention Charlie Hebdo , the satirical magazine that was targeted by terrorists after it depicted the Prophet Mohammed in cartoons , something that many Muslims find offensive . The Paris magazine became a terrorist target after publishing one such cartoon years ago , and after last week 's attack , it placed Mohammed on its cover , this time showing him crying and holding a sign with the rallying cry "  Je suis Charlie , " French for "  I am Charlie . " Still , even if he did n't explicitly name the publication , the Pope was clear that he was referring to the general debate over what 's happened in France , including how people might react if they feel someone made a slight to their religious faith . Everyone has not only the liberty , but also the obligation , "  to say what he thinks to help the common good , " Francis said . However , they should not do so if it offends people . And if someone does get offended ? The Pope made reference to Alberto Gasbarri , a man who organizes papal trips and was then standing next to him on the plane . "  If Dr. Gasbarri , a great friend , says a swear word against my mother , then a punch awaits him , " Francis said . "  It 's normal , it 's normal . One can not provoke , one can not insult other people 's faith , one can not make fun of faith . " While making this comment , Vatican Radio reported that the pontiff "  gestured with a pretend punch " directed at Gasbarri -- an action many journalists interpreted as a joke . Notably , in the same conversation , Francis steadfastly denounced the terrorists ' killings and the idea that anyone -- as the France attackers apparently did -- could pretend to justify such violence in the name of God . "  One can not make war  or  kill in the name of one 's own religion , " Francis said on his way to the Philippines . " ... To kill in the name of God is an aberration . " The Vatican later responded to a CNN question about the "  punch " remark specifically . In an email , Vatican spokesman Thomas Rosica told CNN that "  the Pope 's expression is in no way intended to be interpreted " as somehow justifying last week 's violence , and he pointed out that "  the Pope has spoken out clearly against the terror and violence that occurred in Paris and in other parts of the world . " "  The Pope 's words about Dr. Gasbarri were spoken colloquially and in  a  friendly , intimate manner among colleagues and friends , " Rosica said Thursday . "  His response might be similar to something each of us has felt when those dearest to us are insulted or harmed . " Rosica explained Francis ' remarks as consistent with his "  free style of speech , " a plainspoken and conversational approach that has earned him admirers . Such remarks "  must be taken at face value and not distorted or manipulated , " the Vatican spokesman said . In fact , the Pope has been one of the world 's most outspoken advocates for peace and against war since taking that position in 2013 . And what he said on the Manila-bound plane does n't change that , according to Rosica . "  Pope Francis has not advocated violence with his words on the flight , " the spokesman said .	Pope Francis throws a pretend punch to make a point about how offended people may respond He does so while talking about the France terror attacks and the debate over free expression A Vatican spokesman says Francis ' words did n't advocate violence or justify the attacks
CNN  -- A 6.3-magnitude earthquake ripped through Christchurch , New Zealand , on Tuesday afternoon , causing multiple fatalities as it toppled buildings onto buses , buckled streets and damaged cathedrals , authorities said . New Zealand Police announced on the agency 's website that a large-scale evacuation of the central city was under way . According to the news release , the earthquake killed an undetermined number of people at various locations around the city , including passengers on two buses crushed by buildings that had fallen on them . TVNZ reported that the 147-year-old Christchurch Cathedral 's spire had toppled , Christchurch Hospital was being evacuated and the airport was closed . Laura Campbell told CNN she was at work at the bottom of a six-story building when the earthquake struck . She described seeing "  windows blowing out , bricks falling down , people screaming , the whole nine yards . " "  It was bloody serious , " said Campbell , who was trying to walk home . "  I 'm worried about what I 'm going to find down the road . " The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake struck just before 1 p.m. Tuesday  7 p.m. Monday ET  , and a 5.6-magnitude aftershock struck about 15 minutes later . The U.S.G.S. recorded a second 5.5-magnitude aftershock shortly before 3 p.m. local time . The New Zealand Herald reported that phone lines in the area were out , including the city 's emergency 111 service , roads were cracked -- in some cases lifted as much as a meter  1 yard  -- and water mains had burst , flooding several streets . Witness Philip Gregan said he was attending a joint U.S. - New Zealand conference when the earthquake struck . "  I 'm seeing a lot of damage in buildings , there are glass and bricks in the road . I 've seen one collapsed bridge and there 's a lot of water from broken water mains , " he told CNN . "  I saw one  injured  person in the back of a police car and one of our colleagues saw a person crushed by falling debris , so there are definitely dead . " New Zealand 's transit authority told TVNZ that it had been unable to reach its staff in Christchurch and at the Lyttleton Tunnel , which is near the epicenter . Christchurch police told TVNZ that the city 's 106-year-old Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament was badly damaged , and a Herald reporter said that half the building had collapsed . Camera footage aired by the station showed piles of stone lying atop crushed chairs on the floor of the cathedral with light shining through the collapsed tower above the sanctuary . Witness Gavin Blowman told CNN how he ran into the street when the earthquake struck . "  It felt like I was running on jelly , " he said . "  We saw a giant rock tumble to the ground from a cliff -- a rock that had been there for millennia . It fell on the RSA  Returned Services Association , a veterans ' association  building -- it was terrifying . " He said there were now fears that a tsunami could hit in the wake of the quake and that he and 20 other people were trying to get to higher ground . Flying out of the city currently was not an option in the hours immediately after the quake . "  The airport is currently closed until further notice , " an airport employee told CNN some two hours after the quake . All planes inbound for the airport were being diverted , and no planes were allowed to take off . No one was injured at the airport , he said . The employee did not give his name and wanted to clear the phone line to continue emergency work . The quake caused significant damage to several older buildings , a Herald reporter said . New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said he would attend an emergency Cabinet meeting in Wellington and then fly to Christchurch if conditions allow . Christchurch Mayor Bob Parker told Radio New Zealand that the rumbling tossed him across the room , that he knew of injuries in the city council building and has heard unconfirmed reports of serious injuries . "  That was , in the city central anyway , as violent as the one that happened on the 4th of September , " he said . Parker added that streets were jammed as people tried to get out of the city , and he urged people to avoid the water supply . "  We 've been through this before this once , we now need to think what we did at that time , " he said . Southern New Zealand has been plagued by a series of quakes since September , when the area was shaken by a 7.1-magnitude temblor that New Zealand authorities said was the most damaging quake to hit the region since 1931 . The earthquake struck in the predawn hours of September 4 . Authorities said the deserted streets at that time likely kept injuries to a minimum . There were no deaths from that earthquake . Both the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament and the Anglican Christchurch Cathedral were undergoing repairs after being badly damaged by the September quake . The quake struck in the "  worst possible location , " Kevin Fenaughty , data center manager for GNS Science , told the Herald . "  It 's a nightmare , " he said . "  A lot of people were just getting back on their feet after the original quake . " TVNZ also reported that its newsroom in Christchurch was badly damaged .	NEW : Police say the 6.3-magnitude earthquake caused "  multiple fatalities " NEW : Large-scale evacuations of central Christchurch are under way NEW : Witness describes "  windows blowing out , bricks falling down , people screaming " The city 's Catholic and Anglican cathedrals are damaged ; Christchurch airport is closed
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal came into the French Open with his air of invincibility punctured by recent defeats but his beaten opponent Thursday -- Austrian hopeful Dominic Thiem -- believes the eight-time champion is still the man to beat at this year 's French Open . The 20-year-old Thiem admits Nadal was "  one of his idols " growing up but showed little sign of being overawed as he detained the top seed for over two hours on Philippe Chatrier before succumbing to a 6-2 6-2 6-3 defeat in their second round match . But Thiem , the youngest man in the top 100 of the world rankings , currently occupying 57th spot , saw enough in Nadal 's game to predict he will be holding the Coupe des Mousquetaires trophy aloft on Sunday week . "  I think here in Roland Garros there are only a few man who can beat him , but yes he is the biggest favorite , " Thiem told CNN . Nadal suffered shock quarterfinal defeats in Monte Carlo , Barcelona and in last week 's Rome final to Novak Djokovic , but Thiem believes he is an altogether different proposition at the clay court grand slam . "  He 's in his element at his favorite venue and he 's really pumped up , " he said . "  His top spin is really tough to counter and he did n't make a lot of mistakes . " After his victory , Nadal was also full of praise for his young opponent and applauded him off the court . "  He has completely everything to become a champion , " he predicted . "  He as able to hit the ball very strong from the backhand and the forehand . " Thiem , who beat Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka in the second round of the Madrid Masters earlier this year , admitted to "  feeling a little bit nervous " as he walked out on to the center court at a grand slam for the first time , "  But fortunately I made a good start which helped a bit , " he added . He will now head to Queens Club in London to get grass court preparation ahead of Wimbledon , while Nadal will next play Leonardo Mayer of Argentina in the third round , seeking the 61st victory of his record breaking career at the French Open . Even though he was expected to overcome Thiem , Nadal must have been slightly relieved as several big names have exited the tournament already . They include women 's number one and defending champion , Serena Williams , second-seed Li Na and Wawrinka -- the man Nadal lost to in the Australian Open final . Elsewhere , Wimbledon champion Andy Murray , and 2013 finalist David Ferrer , advanced with straight sets wins in the men 's draw . Murray led Nadal by a break in the third set at the Rome Masters earlier this month , only for the 13-time grand slam winner to rally . They could meet again in the semifinals in Paris , although Murray must first get past Philipp Kohlschreiber in the next round . Kohlschreiber won a clay-court title last weekend in his native Germany and crushed the Scot on clay in Monte Carlo in 2010 in their lone head-to-head . In the women 's tournament , fourth seed Simona Halep of Romania , tipped by many for grand slam glory soon , beat Heather Watson of Britain 6-2 6-4 . Serbian sixth seed Jelena Jankovic , who could directly benefit from the loss of Li Na in her section of the draw , continued her fine form in Paris with a 7-5 6-0 dismissal of Japan 's Kurumi Nara . Former world number one and French Open champion Ana Ivanovic also went though while Sloane Stephens kept American hopes high in the absence of the defeated Williams with a 6-1 6-3 victory over Polona Hercog of Slovenia .	Defending champion Rafael Nadal beats Dominic Thiem at the French Open Nadal eases past the promising Austrian in straight sets at Roland Garros There were also victories for Andy Murray , David Ferrer and Jelena Jankovic The tournament has already lost Serena Williams , Li Na and Stan Wawrinka
Washington  CNN  -- The looming decision on Syria is likely to preoccupy Congress for the next couple of weeks and complicate President Barack Obama 's domestic agenda . Obama 's push for military intervention against Bashar al-Assad 's regime over alleged chemical weapons use could push aside his top priorities on immigration and health care . Because he decided to seek congressional approval and now faces strident opposition from many lawmakers and the public to his idea , Obama is having to go all-in in his sales job . His vigorous public relations campaign is all-consuming -- precious time that could have been used guiding an immigration bill through the House and informing the public about a new program to obtain health insurance under Obamacare . Need vs. want In the world of need and want , though , immigration falls under the "  want " category . The House scheduled only nine days of work this month . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said a vote on the Syria resolution might not come until next week , the second and last week the House is in session this month . What about October or November ? Good question . The House has other pressing matters to address -- issues that have deadlines . The new fiscal year begins October 1 and that 's wrapped up in a whole host of difficult topics , including the forced federal budget cuts that went into effect this year  and will have an even greater impact on defense and domestic programs next year  . If Syria takes up a good portion of the House 's work period in September and it does n't get to work on government spending , two things could happen : The government shuts down or Congress could pass a short-term spending bill to keep it running for a limited amount of time . House Speaker John Boehner has indicated he will propose a spending bill to keep the government open until December , pushing the contentious but mandatory debate to later this year . Government funding is not the only complication to immigration . The nation 's debt limit -- or its ability to borrow money to pay its bills -- will need to be raised by Congress sometime in "  mid-October , " according to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew . He said that 's when the United States will hit its $ 16.7 trillion borrowing limit and be unable to meet its credit obligations . Both raising the debt limit and passing mandatory government spending bills are common duties of Congress that have been fraught with crippling partisanship in recent years . Republicans have indicated this time will be no different . They plan to force the president 's hand on either one or both issues to force additional spending cuts or defund the president 's health care law . In other words , in addition to Syria , two complicated , political and mandatory issues are going to take far greater precedent over immigration -- an item on the president 's wish list . The immigration bill could be "  dealt a pretty serious blow , " congressional scholar Norman Ornstein with the American Enterprise Institute said . A crowded megaphone Now that he has to sell a war-weary public about an intervention in Syria , his rollout of a massive public relations campaign on Obamacare could suffer . The success of public outreach on health care is vital for the law to work . As people can start signing up for the health insurance program on October 1 , the Kaiser Family Foundation found that one-third of the country , and 43 % of the uninsured have heard "  nothing at all " about the public health care option . If people do n't know about it , people wo n't sign up for the public exchanges . A detrimental factor for the law as participation is critical for viability of the law . Obama announced that he will address the nation on Syria on Tuesday night . Also on Tuesday , the president is personally lobbying members of Congress on Capitol Hill on the resolution to authorize a limited military strike . While the president turns his full attention to Syria and the vote in Congress , previously scheduled items are falling by the wayside . Obama canceled a speech to the annual AFL-CIO conference in California , an opportunity to discuss domestic issues , including health care . The president 's complete focus on Syria not only means he will have fewer opportunities to talk to the public about domestic priorities , but the media is focused on the drama building in Congress , too , drowning out any coverage of health care . A cursory search for news stories on the health care law shows a paltry 50 articles .  That 's bad news for the president because the articles contained good news for the health care law . A report found that premiums for the government-sponsored exchanges would be much more affordable than expected .  Comparatively , a simple Internet search for news articles on Syria resulted in more than 2,000 news stories . "  There 's only a certain amount of bandwidth of issues that can be discussed on TV or voters will be talking about , " Ornstein said . Republican agenda at risk , too While the president 's fall agenda is at risk , the Republican agenda might suffer , too . Some of the most conservative members of Congress hoped to throw a massive wrench in the gears of Obamacare as they began to turn by attempting to defund the program . Senators Rand Paul , R-Kentucky and Ted Cruz , R-Texas , are among those taking part in a Tea Party Patriots rally to defund the program Tuesday in Washington . With Congress in its first week back from vacation and the agenda topped by Syria , it 's likely to get little attention -- or the message could morph into an anti-Syria rally . Congressional scholar Thomas Mann with the Brookings Institution said there could be a "  silver lining " to Syria crowding out immigration and health care . He said the seriousness of the issue could make it more difficult for lawmakers to "  engage in this kind of brinksmanship . "	Prospects for House to take up immigration reform this fall in jeopardy Efforts to inform public about Obamacare could be overshadowed Possible government shutdown over budget looms huge as end of fiscal year nears Congress must also consider raising the debt ceiling to pay nation 's bills
CNN  -- The top U.N. human rights official deplored the "  devastatingly remorseless toll of human lives " in Syria and exhorted the world community on Friday "  to take immediate measures " to protect citizens . "  The onus is on all members of the international community to take protective action in a collective and decisive manner , before the continual ruthless repression and killings drive the country into a full-blown civil war , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay , in a written statement describing a dire human rights situation in Syria . Her remarks came as protesters took to the streets Friday in various Syrian cities , a nationwide outpouring supporting the "  free army , " a reference to personnel who have defected from President Bashar al-Assad 's military and to the recently formed Syrian Free Army . At least 12 people were reported dead in the latest protests , according to Syrian Observatory , an activist group . Pillay said the government has "  manifestly failed to protect its population " and has "  ignored the international community 's calls to cooperate with international investigations , " she said . "  At stake are the universal rights to life , liberty and security of person which must never be brushed aside in the interests of realpolitik . The international community must speak with one voice and act to protect the Syrian people . " Protests erupted in Syria seven months ago , with demonstrators demanding changes to regime policies and/or an end to the regime . Opposition activists have accused officials of killing protesters , but the government has said it is going after armed groups . The Syrian Observatory For Human Rights , a London-based activist group with a network of informants across Syria , estimates that more than 3,100 people have died since the uprising began in mid-March . Most of them are civilians but some are military personnel as well . Pillay also said the death toll has exceeded 3,000 people and at least 187 of them were children . She said more than 100 people have been reported killed in the past 10 days . The government "  has consistently used excessive force to crush peaceful protests , " she said . "  Sniping from rooftops , and indiscriminate use of force against peaceful protesters -- including the use of live ammunition and the shelling of residential neighborhoods -- have become routine occurrences in many Syrian cities , " she said . "  In addition , thousands have been arrested , detained , forcibly disappeared and tortured . Family members inside and outside the country have been targeted for harassment , intimidation , threats and beatings . As more members of the military refuse to attack civilians and change sides , the crisis is already showing worrying signs of descending into an armed struggle . " Two months ago , she said there had been "  credible allegations of crimes against humanity in Syria " and urged the U.N. Security Council to refer the matter to the International Criminal Court . Countries across the globe have expressed outrage over the instability in Syria . The European Union and the United States have imposed sanctions against the regime . The Gulf Cooperation Council , six Gulf Arab states , urged an immediate meeting of Arab League states to discuss the country 's violence . The meeting should be at the foreign ministers level , the council said in a statement Thursday without providing details . Syria is a member of the Arab League . Two Obama administration officials provided testimony about U.S. efforts to deal with Syria for a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Friday . Wendy Sherman , undersecretary of state for political affairs , cited "  targeted financial measures to increase pressure on the Syrian regime and its enablers . " She added the administration "  remains committed to pursuing multilateral sanctions at the Security Council . " She said the United States is working to "  ensure expeditious , unfettered and sustained access for international human rights monitors and journalists , " Also , she said it is working with "  international partners " to keep Syria from circumventing American and European sanctions . " Noting that Iran has "  long used Syria as a strategic and logistical connection " to terror groups , she said the United States is working to break those ties with the sanctions . David Cohen , the Treasury Department 's undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence , said , "  The sanctions are having a palpable impact , " with the regime "  struggling to find buyers for its oil , to access foreign currency , and to maintain economic stability . " "  Echoing an action that we have taken , just this morning the EU announced sanctions on the commercial bank of Syria . By far the largest bank is Syria and it 's key remaining link the international financial system , " he said at the hearing . Demonstrations occur regularly in Syria , but activists mount nationwide demonstrations every Friday after Muslim prayers and those events regularly have labels , like the "  Free Army Friday " theme . The Syrian Observatory said seven civilians killed and more than 30 wounded in the city of Dael in Daraa province in the south amid sustained gunfire . A woman and a child were killed in the Daraa Province town of Inkhel . A 10-year-old was killed in Damascus , a civilian was killed during clashes in the Damascus suburb of Saqba , and another was killed in Aleppo province , it said . An activist from the Coalition of Free Damascenes for Peaceful Change said security forces fired on demonstrators , and that army defectors , including members of the Free Syrian Army , clashed with security . The activist said the person killed was a passer-by not participating in demonstrations . "  We have lost many lives and our businesses and farmlands are destroyed . We need someone to defend us and stand up for our freedom , " the activist said . Activists said security forces fired on protesters in the cities of Homs , in the west , and in Damascus , the capital , and besieged worshipers at a mosque in Banias , in the west . More than 4,000 people chanted for the Free Syrian Army in Idlib province , in the northwest . In the city of Douma , in the south , communication lines , including cell phones , were cut off after earlier demonstrations , the group said . In Hasaka in the northeast protesters outside a mosque chanted "  freedom . " The Syrian Arab News Agency , the government news outlet , said "  armed terror groups " planted an explosive device in Daraa that was dismantled by soldiers . It also reported "  10 army and law enforcement officers " were killed after they were "  ambushed by an armed terrorist group " in the Idlib province town of Binnish on Thursday . This narrative directly contradicts that of the opposition , which claims defector soldiers and civilians were killed . At least 15 people were killed Thursday , including two young children , the Syrian Observatory said . Twelve of those killed were in Binnish , which soldiers raided searching for dissidents and army defectors , activists said . Among those SANA reported killed on Thursday in Binnish was Lt. Col. Abdul-Majeed al-Misri from Daraa . But on Friday , Omar Idlibi , a Beirut-based spokesman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees told CNN al-Misri , whom he called a brigadier general , was in fact killed in the city of Hama , in the west . Idlibi told CNN that Syrian security forces fired on al-Misri 's car , killing him , after he defected from the military . An opposition video shows people marching and denouncing Bashar and Hafez al-Assad in al-Misri 's home village of Atman outside the city of Daraa . Hafez al-Assad was Bashar 's father and preceded him as Syrian president The man filming the video says at the beginning , "  This is Free Army Friday , after the burial of Abdul-Majeed al-Misri . " Thirty seconds into the video , a man holds up a martyr 's portrait , purportedly of al-Misri . The crowd is chanting "  God damn you Hafez and Bashar . " CNN can not independently confirm events in Syria , which restricts international journalists from accessing many parts of the country . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Salma Abdelaziz , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Activist group says at least 12 dead on Friday The death total in Syria includes at least 187 children , the United Nations says Activist reports clashes between military defectors and security Obama administration officials testify before a House panel
It is like many of the images of aftermath in Syria 's chaotic war -- a man being pulled from the rubble of the building . But this one is different . The panic is muted , the men dig not slowly , but leisurely . This is because they know he is a regime fighter . "  Where are your friends ? " they ask , perhaps taunting him . "  Are you from Yemen ? " But no , this is something different . As they pull his terrified , tired frame from the dust , the blood seeping from a head wound and pitted against the white coat of silt from the rubble , it becomes clear this regime fighter is Afghan . Video obtained by CNN from Syrian rebels , which we can not verify , shows this scene and the attempts by the rebels , who are engaged in a pitched battle to prevent the regime encircling the main Syrian city of Aleppo , to interrogate their new prisoner . That 's the first indication there 's something new here : he does n't speak Arabic , but mutters in Dari . Facially , he appears Uzbek or Hazara , and is terrified . Their video shows him bandaged up , and on an IV drip . He is locked in a basement and fed , then questioned further . A comparatively generous fate for a regime prisoner in this savage war . It is unclear what happened to him , but he told his interrogators : "  My name is Sayed Ahmad Hussaini . The Iranians pay people like me to come here and fight . I am from Afghanistan and I am an immigrant in Iran . The Iranians brought us to Syria to fight to defend the Zainab shrine . I do n't want to fight anymore . " He says he wants to go home , and that he was paid about $ 500 a month to fight . There are many Afghan immigrants in Iran , trying to find some shelter from the decades of war that have torn apart their land . He says he was trained and then sent to assist the regime . It is potentially a serious development in the Syrian war , and explains in some ways how the Syrian regime has gained ground in some areas after months of appearing exhausted . In the fight for Aleppo , they are fiercely contesting a hill settlement called Handarat , which is itself tiny , but vitally overlooks the main supply road into rebel held areas of Aleppo . If the regime hold Handarat , they can cut off rebel Aleppo from resupply , effectively besieging it . Seasoned Afghan fighters could assist the regime - so far letting the Coalition and moderate Syrian rebels take on ISIS -- in other battles too . CNN sent a photojournalist to eastern Afghanistan to follow up reports of recruitment by Iranian agents of mercenaries to fight for the regime . Inside Afghanistan In one village , four men who did not want their identity or location revealed , said they had just returned from training in Iran . There , they were taken to a police station , blindfolded , and taken to a training camp where they were shown tactics and light to medium weapons . The men spoke in great detail about their experiences and were able to show the Iranian bank cards through which they will be paid their $ 500 to $ 1000 salaries a month . Other villagers ratified their stories . Their motivations were complicated . Most said they sought money - a likely motivation as the NATO drawdown in Afghanistan is changing the Taliban 's dynamics and reducing the amount of money sloshing around in the country . They also wanted to fight America -- saying that fighting the moderate Syrian rebels the regime is targeting most heavily and who receive U.S. assistance - was one way of continuing this fight from Afghanistan . "  We want to go there for two reasons one is to fight against those who are being assisted by Americans in Syria and secondly Iran pays us to fight in Syria , " said one man . "  Those who fight against Assad regime are America 's slaves . That is why we want to fight them and kill them . " They said they were former Taliban who had left for Iran after disagreements in the militant group , known for its fractious and sprawling membership . "  Before this we used to be part of the Taliban in Afghanistan , but after our disagreements caused tensions among us , we left the Taliban and went to Iran . We are going there to fight . Either we will be killed or will be back with the monthly salary that the Iranian have promised to give us . " ISIS Yet their limited knowledge of the Syrian conflict exposed a complex issue over which their loyalties to their paymasters , Iran , may be tested . Asked about ISIS , a predominantly Sunni group like the Taliban , the men said they knew little about them , but "  if we see them in Syria , we will definitely sit with them , talk to them and if our thoughts were similar , we would become friends with them . " That would be one unexpected outcome for the Iranian agents accused of assisting these men . Syria 's war has local regime militia , joined by Hezbollah from Lebanon , Iraqi Shia militia , on one side . ISIS and its array of global radicals on another . And Syrian rebels , spanning the width of al Qaeda , to moderates with foreign backing . Syria 's chaotic , intractable , and hopelessly unnegotiable war , just got another complex and battle-hardened actor .	Unverified video from Syrian rebels shows them pulling an Assad regime fighter from rubble The man appears terrified and is unable to speak Arabic , it becomes clear that he is Afghan The man tells interrogators that he is an immigrant to Iran , which has paid him to fight in Syria CNN went to Afghanistan and met other men recruited by Iran who had returned from Syria
Valdosta , Georgia  CNN  Relatives and former schoolmates of a south Georgia teenager who was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat at his school in 2013 appeared under subpoena Wednesday before a federal grand jury looking into the case . The parents of Kendrick Johnson have been unwavering in their belief that their son was murdered , even after the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office ruled the death accidental and closed the case in May 2013 . In October 2013 , the Department of Justice launched a federal investigation into Johnson 's death . Several members of Johnson 's extended family and current Lowndes High School students were seen walking into the federal courthouse in Macon Wednesday . This was at least the third convening of the grand jury . Witnesses were subpoenaed to testify in the case on at least two dates in 2014 , according to documents reviewed by CNN . "  While our investigation has proven to be more complicated and taken longer than I had originally anticipated , we remain committed to following the facts where they may lead , " U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , Michael Moore told CNN Friday . The Department of Justice has taken possession of the gym mat where Johnson 's body was found and other evidence , according to the records released by the sheriff 's office to CNN . Despite concluding there was no foul play in Johnson 's death , the local sheriff 's office conducted additional interviews on the case as recently as December . The details of the recent interviews , conducted by the sheriff 's office between November 24 and December 23 , were provided to CNN in response to a public records request . The sheriff 's office interviewed about two dozen current and former Lowndes High School students who were on the school 's wrestling team on January 10 , 2013 , the day Johnson disappeared . His body was found the next day . The additional interviews appear to be related to a video released by attorneys for Johnson 's family that challenged the whereabouts of one particular former student who was on the wrestling team . Coroner slams handling of Kendrick Johnson case According attorneys for Johnson 's family , the former student confronted Johnson and told him "  it ai n't over " regarding a confrontation Johnson had with the former student 's younger brother . CNN is not naming the former student because he has not been called a suspect or been charged with a crime . The former student would have been at a wrestling match in another city at the time Johnson is believed to have died , but lawyers say the bus did not leave Lowndes High School until after Johnson 's death . An attorney for the sheriff 's office confirmed the recent interviews , but did not respond to a question about whether the case has been reopened . "  The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office initiated the interviews of the Lowndes High School wrestling team coach , the bus driver and wrestling team members in response to claims made known to the sheriff 's office that the wrestling team was still on the school 's campus when Kendrick Johnson was last known to have been alive , " according to a statement provided by the department 's attorney . "  Investigators have tried unsuccessfully to contact some wrestling team members and will continue to attempt to reach those team members . " The statement added that the interviews so far have not changed the facts believed by the sheriff 's office . "  The information gathered thus far indicates that the bus carrying the wrestling team had left the school 's campus prior to the time that Kendrick Johnson was last known to have been alive , " it said . Scene pics point to foul play , expert says Several of those interviewed said the former student was on a school bus en route to a state tournament in Macon , Georgia , the day Johnson disappeared . Others could not say for sure . However , there are inconsistent accounts about when the bus left the school . Some of the current and former students told investigators the team left campus before 10 a.m. . Other students said the team left just before noon . The bus driver told investigators the team left at 12:30 p.m. , according to incident reports . According to a school bus schedule provided to CNN by an attorney for the school , the bus left for the tournament at 4 p.m. , hours after Johnson was last seen alive around 1:30 p.m. . The wrestling coach told investigators the school bus schedule was inaccurate , as it reflected a request made by him at the beginning of the wrestling season , and not the time the bus left on the actual day of the wrestling meet . Analysis of the coach 's cell phone bill showed the last call that accessed a tower in the Valdosta area that day occurred at 11:28 a.m. . At 1:53 p.m. , the phone accessed a tower in Cordele , Georgia , nearly 90 miles outside of Valdosta . An employee at Candlewood Suites in Macon told investigators the coach checked in for the team at 4 p.m. , according to incident reports . One student told investigators that the weigh-in for the team began at 4 p.m. , according incident reports . According to a document included in the investigative file , the former student participated in the weigh-in on January 10 , but when that weigh-in occurred is not indicated . Previously released documents showed that the former student and his brother were advised by their attorney in 2013 not to speak to investigators or provide them any statements . In August , the brothers ' parents filed a $ 5 million libel lawsuit in federal court against the publishers of Ebony magazine and writer Frederic Rosen . The suit claims stories written by Rosen and published in Ebony magazine and on Ebony.com imply that the brothers played a part in Johnson 's death and their father was involved in a conspiracy to cover it up . The claim that the brothers played any part in the death "  is completely untrue , " according to the lawsuit . The interviews come more than 18 months after Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office closed its investigation into Johnson 's death . Sheriff 's office investigators concluded Johnson got stuck while reaching for a shoe at the center of the rolled mat . The state medical examiner determined Johnson died as the result of accidental "  positional asphyxia . " Johnson 's parents , Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson , believe the story about the shoe is a coverup and that their son was murdered . A forensic pathologist hired by Johnson 's family later found evidence of "  unexplained , apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the neck . He concluded Johnson 's death was the result of a homicide .	Relatives and schoolmates of Kendrick Johnson testified at grand jury Wednesday Johnson 's parents have said they think their son was murdered Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office ruled the death accidental and closed the case in May 2013
CNN  -- Australia said Wednesday that it has chosen a Dutch company to carry out the next phase of the underwater search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which mysteriously disappeared five months ago this week . Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss announced at a news conference that Fugro Survey will use two vessels for the search in the southern Indian Ocean , where the Malaysian plane is believed to have gone down after it flew off course and dropped off radar . The two ships will be equipped with towed deep-water vehicles and will also use side-scan sonar , multi-beam echo sounders and video cameras in the search , Australian authorities said . Fugro , which has operations in the Western Australian city of Perth , is engaged as a single , private contractor to search for the missing plane -- and if it successfully locates it , to positively identify and map the wreckage . The operation , which is expected to begin in September and last as long as a year , will slowly scan some 60,000 square kilometers  23,000 square miles  of the ocean floor , looking for any sign of aircraft debris . ` No simple answer ' It 's not yet clear exactly how the deep sea search will play out . While the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which is overseeing the underwater search at Malaysia 's request , has developed the overall strategy , the independent contractor will be responsible for day-to-day operations in the search zone . "  We are still ... working out the details of the techniques to be used , which will vary depending on the topography of the ocean floor , " ATSB Chief Commissioner Martin Dolan said Wednesday . "  So there 's a range of possibilities . We have n't gotten the full detail of our search plan because we have to do that on a collaborative basis with Fugro . So there 's no simple answer . " Australia now estimates a yearlong underwater search will cost $ 48 million . According to Truss , the amount of money Malaysia will contribute to the next phase is yet to be agreed . He said he expects to discuss that with his Malaysian counterpart later this month . When asked if China , which had the greatest number of passengers on board the flight , would contribute financially to the next phase , Truss said Beijing has n't "  indicated an intention to assist in that way . " Mapping the ocean floor Some 1,800 kilometers  1,100 miles  off the coast of Western Australia , a pair of survey ships continue their efforts to give search teams a better understanding of what lies thousands of meters below the surface in one of the most uncharted , remote places on the planet . The Chinese Navy 's Zhu Kezhen and the Australian-contracted Fugro Equator have covered roughly 60 % of the priority search area , which the ATSB says is the most likely resting place of MH370 . A Malaysian survey ship is on schedule to join them this month , and underwater mapping is expected to wrap up in September . According to the ATSB , the data collected by survey ships is being converted into detailed topographical maps . So far , it says , those maps show ocean depths ranging from 1,500 meters to nearly 5,000 meters  roughly one to three miles  , and wide-ranging terrain that includes everything from flat , sloping surfaces , to rugged terrain like mountains , ridges and cliffs . David Gallo , an oceanographer and director of special projects at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , who was involved in the search for Air France Flight 447 , said that a high level of detail is critical to make sure the search is carried out effectively and safely . "  You have to know where you 're going or you 'll end up impacting the bottom , " he said . "  We 're looking at less than a handful of tools that can work in this depth and that are available , so you really do n't want to risk anything . " One of the most challenging spots , Gallo pointed out , is at the southern end of the search area , where he expects to see pockets of terrain up to 7,000 meters deep  four miles  . "  The south side of that Broken Ridge is a monstrous wall ... almost two miles top to bottom , almost vertical , " Gallo explains , adding that there are only a few pieces of equipment worldwide that would even have a chance of reaching such extreme depths . A slow , painstaking search According to ATSB tender documents , Fugro is required to begin the search no later than one month after signing the contract , and will be required to search all 60,000 square kilometers within 300 days . The towed side-scan sonar devices will each be attached to one of two ships , the Fugro Equator and Fugro Discovery , with a cable , and will be capable of transmitting some data to the surface in real time . According to the ATSB 's Dolan , that data will be analyzed by experts on the survey ships and on shore in Australia . Woods Hole 's Gallo said each type of search system has its strengths and weaknesses , noting that towed systems work well on flat terrain and cover ground quicker . In more rugged areas , a drone which hugs the bottom will likely do a better job , albeit at a slower pace of around 65 square kilometers  25 square miles  a day . For the most extreme terrain , Gallo said , search teams may need a remotely operated vehicle  ROV  , steered from a surface ship with a tether . Malaysia has already partnered with American and Australian contractors to supply additional search equipment , including a towed side-scan sonar and ROV . It 's not yet clear how these will be integrated into the larger , Australian-run operation . Where to start ? Where the search teams begin their work will depend on what the underwater maps show . "  If there 's a chunk of fairly smooth terrain and fairly shallow , you could get a lot of ground covered early on , which raises spirits a little bit , " Gallo said . But there 's a lot of ground to cover . The area search teams hope to tackle over the next year is four times the size of the search zone for Air France 447 , which went down in the mid-Atlantic in June 2009 . And with a greater area to search , and multiple search assets involved , the operation becomes far more complex . "  The worst thing that we could do is have a ship show up with technology , have them go over the spot ... and you write that spot off forever , " Gallo said . But he added that he is completely confident in the ATSB 's ability to manage the overall operation , saying that if the wreckage of MH370 is in the designated search zone , it will be found . Are they looking in the right place ? There is far less confidence about whether search teams are looking in the right spot . The search for MH370 continues to focus along the seventh arc , the so-called "  partial handshake , " which experts believe was the last signal sent between the Malaysia Airlines plane and a communications satellite operated by Inmarsat . "  What I 'm a little concerned about ... is that there still seems to be some confusion about Inmarsat data and how it 's being interpreted , " said David Soucie , a former safety inspector at the U.S Federal Aviation Administration and author of "  Why Planes Crash . " In late June , the ATSB announced it was moving the priority search area several hundred kilometers southwest , the second major shift of the search zone along the arc . That move was based on analysis of the satellite data and a review of aircraft performance limits , including speed and altitude , by an international group of experts . That analysis also made a series of assumptions , "  in order to define a search area of practical size , " the ATSB 's June report said , including that the plane was flying on autopilot for a long period of time until it eventually ran out of fuel and crashed . Not making that assumption , the report said , "  would result in an impractically large search area . " No guarantees The ATSB has said that the Inmarsat data will continue to be reviewed during the next phase of the search , acknowledging that there is still a chance the hunt may be extended outside the 60,000 square kilometers designated as the priority area . "  The haystack is a big chunk of terrain in the Indian Ocean , " Gallo of Woods Hole said . "  And even though the haystack is huge there 's no guarantee that the needle is in that haystack . " Soucie agreed , however , he adds the ATSB is going about the search in a smart way : "  Am I confident they will find the airplane in that area ? No . But if it were my search , I would be doing exactly what they 're doing . " Despite a potentially vast search zone , Dolan said late last week that he 's cautiously optimistic that search teams will find the missing plane . "  We 're doing this , in a large part , because we want to give some certainty to those who are grieving the loss of their loved ones , " he said . "  And we 're fully committed to doing that . " MH370 departed Kuala Lumpur for Beijing early on the morning of March 8 carrying 239 passengers and crew members . On March 24 , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak announced that the flight had ended in the southern Indian Ocean . To date , no trace of the plane has been found . Australia : MH370 likely on autopilot with unresponsive crew in flight 's final stage For families of the missing , a hole in the clouds , an empty space on earth MH370 families seek $ 5M for investigation , reward	NEW : Australia says amount of money Malaysia will contribute not yet agreed Authorities choose the Dutch firm Fugro Survey to carry out the Indian Ocean search The firm will use two vessels to scour 60,000 square kilometers of ocean floor MH370 disappeared from radar five months ago ; wreckage has n't been found
CNN  -- ESPN says it has severed its relationship with singer Hank Williams Jr. . "  We have decided to part ways with Hank Williams Jr. . We appreciate his contributions over the past years , " the network said in a statement released Thursday . The success of ` Monday Night Football ' has always been about the games and that will continue . " Williams , the 62-year-old son of the legendary country singer Hank Williams and a widely popular entertainer himself , compared President Barack Obama to Adolf Hitler , a remark that prompted controversy and resulted in "  Monday Night Football " pulling his popular musical introduction from this week 's game . The song "  All My Rowdy Friends " had been the "  Monday Night Football " theme on both ABC and ESPN since 1991 . Williams issued a statement giving a very different version : "  After reading hundreds of e-mails , I have made MY decision . By pulling my opening Oct 3rd , You  ESPN  stepped on the Toes of The First Amendment Freedom of Speech , so therefore Me , My Song , and All My Rowdy Friends are OUT OF HERE . It 's been a great run . " In an appearance on Fox News ' "  Fox and Friends " on Monday morning , Williams referred to a June golf game in which Obama and House Speaker John Boehner were on the same team , against Vice President Joe Biden and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , as "  one of the biggest political mistakes ever . " Asked what he did n't like about it , Williams said , "  Come on , come on . That 'd be like Hitler playing golf with  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu . OK . Not hardly . " When one of the Fox News interviewers later pointed out that Williams invoked "  one of the most hated people in all of the world to describe ... the president , " Williams responded : "  That is true , but I 'm telling you like it is , you know . That just was n't a good thing . It just did n't fly . So anyway , like Fred Thompson said , you do n't want to ask me a question because I 'm going to give you too straight of an answer . So talk about something else . " The singer apologized on Tuesday , saying , "  My analogy was extreme -- but it was to make a point . "  I have always been very passionate about politics and sports and this time it got the best or worst of me . "  The thought of the leaders of both parties jukin ' and high fiven ' on a golf course , while so many families are struggling to get by , simply made me boil over and make a dumb statement , and I am very sorry if it offended anyone . I would like to thank all my supporters . This was not written by some publicist , " Williams wrote . The Anti-Defamation League condemned Williams ' comments on Tuesday and praised ESPN for pulling his "  Are You Ready for Some Football ? " musical recording that has opened "  Monday Night Football " for years . "  The Holocaust was a singular event in human history , and it is an insult to the memory of the millions who died as a result of Hitler 's plan of mass extermination to compare the Nazi dictator to any American president , " said Abraham H. Foxman , the league 's national director and a Holocaust survivor . "  Hank Williams Jr. should know better . He owes an apology to Holocaust survivors , their families , and the brave American soldiers who gave of themselves to fight the Nazi menace during World War II . The last thing we need is to enter another election cycle on a sour note tainted with inappropriate , tired and over-the-top analogies to the Nazis , " he said . Williams has criticized Obama in the past , when the Democrat was running for the presidency . In 2008 , Williams was even mentioned in some media outlets as saying he was considering running for the U.S. Senate as a Republican in the next election cycle , but those plans never materialized . Williams , who supported the Republican ticket in 2008 and even penned a song called "  McCain-Palin Tradition , " said during that campaign that candidate Obama did n't like the national anthem . The "  McCain-Palin Tradition " song , which is a riff on the Williams tune "  Family Tradition , " included a line suggesting that Obama has "  terrorist friends . " . Williams was born May 26 , 1949 , and his iconic father nicknamed him "  Bocephus " after a ventriloquist dummy used by Rod Brasfield , a country comedian , Williams ' website says . He debuted on the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee , at age 11 . In addition to "  All My Rowdy Friends , " his other hits include "  Long Gone Lonesome Blues , " "  Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound , " "  Old Habits , " "  Born to Boogie , " and "  A Country Boy Can Survive . " The bearded Williams , who wears a hat and sunglasses during performances , suffered facial and head injuries in a 1975 mountain climbing accident . "  Those familiar with Hank Jr. 's legend know it has n't been an easy road . Every life and career has its peaks and valleys , but Williams has had more than his share . When he sings "  A Country Boy Can Survive , " there 's an authority in his voice , because he 's done just that . He literally fell from a mountain top , yet lived to tell the tale . He 's battled his own demons and now on the other side of 50 , it 's obvious he has been the victor , " his website bio says .	NEW : "  All My Rowdy Friends " has been the MNF intro since '91 Williams slammed the Obama-Boehner golf outing with a comment referring to Hitler Williams says ESPN "  stepped on the toes of the First Amendment "
CNN  -- An American Airlines plane en route from Seoul , South Korea to Dallas-Fort Worth , Texas diverted to Narita , Japan , Tuesday after several passengers and crew were injured by turbulence during the flight . American Flight 280 departed Incheon International Airport near Seoul in route to Dallas-Fort Worth when an intense winter storm shook the cabin and caused injuries that forced the aircraft to divert . Medical personnel have been able to evaluate the 14 passengers and crew members who asked for medical attention , said American spokeswoman Andrea Huguely in statement . What is turbulence ? "  Four passengers and one crew member have been transported to local hospitals for further observation and treatment , " she wrote . None of the injuries were life threatening . The flight will not continue on to Dallas-Fort Worth on Tuesday , Huguely said . "  Passengers have been transported to hotels and will continue their travel to DFW tomorrow  Wednesday  , " she wrote . "  Our team in Tokyo will continue to provide all necessary support to take care of our passengers and crew . " American Airlines said the plane is a Boeing 777 carrying 240 passengers and a crew of 15 . The Weather Channel reports that an intense winter storm is developing over Japan , with blizzard warnings in northern and western sections of the country . "  Note there is a very strong storm , similar to a Nor'easter , just east of Japan which is causing severe turbulence in the region , " said Brandon Miller , Senior Meteorologist for CNN International . . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	American Flight 280 was heading from Seoul to Dallas/Fort Worth Turbulence caused injuries and forced the plane to divert The aircraft made an emergency landing in Japan
CNN  -- "  Everything happens for a reason , " the saying goes . But when the little old lady who cuts in front of you in the lottery line wins the biggest Powerball jackpot ever , what good reason can be behind that ? Mindy Crandell has an answer because that 's what happened to her . The 34-year-old mother found out Wednesday that the old woman who stepped in front of her in the lottery line at the Zephyrhills , Florida , Publix supermarket last month bought the winning ticket for the $ 590 million jackpot . The jackpot winner , 84-year-old Gloria Mackenzie , thanked Crandell in a statement read by a Florida lottery official Wednesday . "  While in line at Publix , another lottery player was kind enough to let me go ahead of them in line to purchase the winning quick-pick ticket , " Mackenzie said . In fact , when Mackenzie got to the front of the line , the ticket clerk offered Crandell her spot back , according to a report from ABC News . But Crandell refused the offer . Mackenzie bought one computer-generated ticket that had the winning numbers : 10 , 13 , 14 , 22 and 52 with a Powerball of 11 . Mackenzie passed up a payout spread over 30 years for a somewhat smaller one-time lump sum , pocketing $ 370.9 million before taxes , lottery officials said . Friends later chided Crandell that she probably let the Powerball winner buy a ticket that should have been hers , ABC reported . Why you keep playing the lottery "  The joke was , that 's the lady that 's going to win it . I was like , ` Yeah right . No one is going to win from little Zephyrhills , ' " Crandell , of nearby Dade City , is quoted as saying . So what one good reason beats out 590 million other ones ? Crandell 's 10-year-old daughter Mallory , who was in line with her mom at the Publix , found it . "  Sometimes it 's better to be patient than rich , " Crandell said Mallory told her . There 's also a lesson for lottery players here . If the line jockeying changed the time when the clerk would have hit the button to buy the ticket even by a split second , the numbers would have come up differently . "  Each lottery terminal has its own random number generator , and there are a lot of factors , " the Times quoted Florida Lottery spokesman David Bishop as saying . "  If there was even a millisecond difference in the time between key strokes at the terminal , it would have changed the numbers . " So when the next big payout comes up and you 're in a long line for a ticket , think about that . And maybe let someone have your place in line . Or not .	$ 590 million Powerball winner thanks person who let her cut in line Friends earlier chided woman that she 'd let likely winner cut in front of her "  Better to be patient than rich , " woman 's daughter says
For a country that ditched monarchical rule , America has some of the most intriguing "  castles " in the world . OK , maybe not castles in the classic sense . To visit a fortress where ancient monarchs slept on stone pillows and knights bickered about grails , you 'll still have to fly across the pond . But for a different sort of castle -- the kind redefined by Gilded Age names such as Vanderbilt and Ringling , by proud Polynesian monarchs or by the occasional heartbroken Latvian-Floridian stonemason -- the United States is home to a melting pot of historic domiciles that would blow an 11th-century Scottish king 's mind . Here we crown seven favorites whose gates are open to gaping plebeians . King of Cottages : The Breakers  Newport , Rhode Island Story : In 1893 Cornelius Vanderbilt II , heir to the New York Central Railroad , commissioned Richard Morris Hunt to design this palatial summer home inspired by 16th-century Genoan palazzos . The largest and grandest of Newport 's famous "  cottages "  colossal leisure homes erected by America 's turn-of-the-century baron class  , the Breakers was created in just a few years by a team of 2,500 craftsmen from around the world . Specs : Located on a 13-acre cliff-side estate overlooking the Atlantic Ocean , the 70-room house covers 126,000 square feet from attic to basement to mezzanine . Standout rooms include a 22-carat gold-leaf-adorned Great Hall stretching 50 feet in every direction  including overhead  and a two-story , alabaster-columned dining room featuring enormous Baccarat crystal chandeliers and a table for 32 . Stopping by : Now in the hands of the Preservation Society of Newport County , the Breakers is one of the five most-visited homes in the country . One-hour audio tours cover about 20 rooms on the first and second floors . The Breakers , 424 Bellevue Ave. , Newport , Rhode Island ; +1 401 847 1000 ; admission $ 19.50 Little Brother Complex : Biltmore  Asheville , North Carolina Story : George Washington Vanderbilt II clearly had bigger ideas than simply one-upping older sibling Cornelius  of the Breakers  with this massive , 1890s French chateau plunked on the edge of North Carolina 's Smoky Mountains . But when you use the same architect to dwarf your big brother 's Newport fortress , there 's probably some family competition etched into the blueprints . Specs : America 's largest privately owned residence occupies 175,000 square feet  or more than four acres  of floor space -- with 250 rooms , 43 bathrooms , 65 fireplaces , three kitchens , an indoor swimming pool , gymnasium and a bowling alley in the basement . Estate holdings include original Renoir paintings , Napoleon 's chess set , a 25,000-volume library and a pair of John Singer Sargent portraits of the Hunt and Biltmore landscape designer Frederick Law Olmsted , the man behind New York 's Central Park . Stopping by : The 8,000-acre estate receives more than a million annual guests . Five specialty tours of the house include a "  behind the scenes " glimpse at some of its lesser-visited areas -- including the butler 's pantry and Biltmore 's catacomb-like sub-basement . Private bus rides through the property are also available . Biltmore , One Lodge St. , Asheville , North Carolina ; +1 800 411 3812 ; admission varies seasonally from $ 44 to $ 69 Forlorn Fortress : Coral Castle  Miami Story : Heartbroken 26-year-old Edward Leedskalnin would never love another woman after 16-year-old Agnes Scuffs broke off their engagement a day before their wedding . Over the next 28 years , the eccentric Latvian-American artisan would -- as a testimony to lost love , it 's been said -- dedicate his life to single-handedly sculpting a massive castellated compound comprised of locally harvested coral rock . Now on the National Register of Historic Places , the place has been called "  America 's Stonehenge " and still leaves engineers wondering how a short , 100-pound fellow with a fourth grade education did all this using homemade hand tools and unrequited love . Spect : Within its eight-foot-high , three-foot-thick walls , Coral Castle uses approximately 1,100 tons of coral rock -- including a stone sculpture garden with Flintstones-style furniture  500-pound rocking chairs that work  , a nine-ton gate that moves with ease and a home-carved Polaris telescope . Stopping by : Just north of Homestead in South Miami , the Coral Castle Museum is open every day , with audio stands that broadcast in several languages and guided tours also available . Coral Castle , 28655 South Dixie Highway , Miami ; +1 305 248 6345 ; admission $ 15 Auto Heir 's Opus : Edsel & Eleanor Ford House  Grosse Pointe Shores , Michigan Story : Edsel Ford , lone son of auto titan Henry , would become president of Ford Motor Company by age 25 , posing him the challenge of living up to his father 's hulking legacy while setting his own bar over the next quarter century . In addition to legendary cars like the Lincoln Continental , Edsel would build an English Cotsworld-style family estate that -- for sheer style , taste and grandeur -- tops dad 's Fair Lane digs in nearby Dearborn . Specs : A bold blend of classic European and modern  1930s  styles , the 60-room , 20,000-square-foot house designed by famed architect Albert Kahn is set on 87 lakefront acres in the heart of southeast Michigan 's Gold Coast . An extensive collection of art , period furniture and antiquities includes two Cezanne oil paintings , an original Diego Rivera and stained-glass window medallions dating to the 14th century . Stopping by : Standard 50-minute guided tours explore the home 's major rooms , including the English-baronial-style gallery and a contrasting art deco room done by eminent industrial designer Walter Dorwin Teague . Behind-the-scenes and special interest tours delve deeper into the property and its stunning grounds . Edsel & Eleanor Ford House , 1100 Lake Shore Road , Grosse Pointe Shores , MI ; +1 313 884 4222 ; admission to all areas $ 15 California Headliner : Hearst Castle  San Simeon , California Story : Hearst Castle 's predecessor was Camp Hill , a tract of ranchland on the central California coast acquired by 19th-century mining magnate George Hearst for family campouts . After inheriting the property in 1919 , George 's son -- newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst -- reportedly told noted architect Julia Morgan , "  We 're tired of camping out in the open ... I would like to build a little something . " Specs : More than 28 years and 80,000 square feet later , the estate boasted the 115-room Casa Grande and three Mediterranean Revival-style guesthouses , with 27 acres of gardens . Borrowing from just about every classic European style , castle highlights include the spectacular Neptune pool , an indescribably ornate main library  one of two on the property  , Mr. Hearst 's private Gothic suite and one of the world 's most extensive  and manically collected  stashes of art and artifacts . Stopping by : Now a California State Park , the property offers four separate tours covering various floors of Casa Grande and the areas of the estate . A special Evening Tour  spring and fall only  lets visitors experience the mansion at twilight while docents play out the roles of 1930s houseguests and staff . Hearst Castle , 750 Hearst Castle Road , San Simeon , California ; +1 800 444 4445 ; admissions start at $ 25 Greatest Showpiece on Earth : Ca ' d'Zan  Sarasota , Florida Story : Inspired by their favorite Tuscan villas and Venetian palaces , circus tycoon John Ringling and his wife , Mable , built a 1920s Mediterranean Revival-style dream home that would become known as "  the last of the Gilded Age mansions " -- and the best place for a Gatsby-style party in southwest Florida . Falling into state hands  and some neglect  after Ringling 's death in 1936 , the huge waterfront mansion overlooking Sarasota Bay entered its second heyday with a recent $ 15 million restoration effort . Specs : The 36,000-square-foot , five-story  plus full basement  property totals 56 rooms , including 15 bathrooms . It 's adorned with Gothic arches , Mexican onyx columns , priceless 17th-century tapestries and a custom-made 1892 Steinway piano in the two-story great court , dolloped with an 81-foot Belvedere tower . Stopping by : Docent-led tours of the mansion 's main living space and a special Private Places tour through less frequented areas run daily . After the house tour , you can see the estate 's famous art museum , which houses one of the nation 's finest collections of 17-century Baroque works . Ca ' d'Zan , 5401 Bay Shore Road , Sarasota , Florida ; +1 941 359 5700 ; admission $ 25 Royal Relic : ` Iolani Palace  Honolulu Story : The only former official residence of a reigning monarch on U.S. soil , ` Iolani Palace was Hawaii 's grandest symbol when it was completed in 1882 . Occupied by Hawaii 's last two monarchs before American annexation , the palace would subsequently be used as a Red Cross dressing station and the state 's first capitol building . Today , the National Historic Landmark is a museum open to the public . Specs : Filled with imported furnishings , royal gifts and art from around the world , the 34,104-square-foot royal abode featured late-19th-century technological luxuries like electric lighting  installed in 1887 , four years before the White House  and telephones . Highlights include the Grand Hall , lined with portraits of Hawaiian monarchs , the crimson-gold Throne Rome where King Kalakaua hosted grand balls and state dinners , and the Blue Room , which features a giant portrait of King Louis Philippe of France received in 1848 . Stopping by : Docent-led and guided audio tours let guests explore ` Iolani Palace 's first and second floors . Guests can peruse Hawaiian regalia exhibits in the basement gallery and explore the spacious grounds , which include the old royal barracks and Coronation Pavilion where Kalakaua was crowned king in 1883 . ` Iolani Palace , 364 S. King St. , Honolulu ; +1 808 522 0822 ; guided tours $ 21.75 , self-led tours $ 14.75	The U.S. is home to a melting pot of "  royal " domiciles All these palatial estates are open to the public Edsel Ford 's home is a 60-room , 20,000-square-foot masterpiece on Michigan 's Gold Coast ` Iolani Palace is the only former official residence of a reigning monarch on U.S. soil
CNN  -- Britain 's Andy Murray gained revenge for his Wimbledon singles defeat to Roger Federer by demolishing the world No. 1 to claim Olympic gold for Team GB . The Scot brushed aside the 16-time Grand Slam winner from Switzerland in straight sets , winning 6-2 6-1 6-4 , in front of a rapturous crowd on Centre Court . It was the first time ever the 25-year-old had beaten Federer in a best of five set match and marked his first major tennis title , albeit outside the four major championships . Murray has a chance to claim another gold medal in the mixed doubles final when he and Laura Robson take on Belarusians Victoria Azarenka and Max Mirnyi barely 45 minutes after his victory in the singles . Follow all the action at the Olympics with our London 2012 live blog But he seized his opportunity to avenge his painful defeat at the same venue less than a month ago with some blistering ground stokes to take Britain 's first Olympic singles gold since Josiah Ritchie in 1908 . Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro took the silver medal , beating Novak Djokovic 7-5 6-4 , after he was defeated by Federer in the semifinal . An emotional Murray clambered into the stands to celebrate with his family and coaching team after his emphatic victory , and later told the host broadcaster it was one of the biggest wins of his life . "  I have had a lot of tough losses in my career and this is the best way to come back from the Wimbledon final , " he said . "  This week has been incredible for me , the support has been amazing at all of the Olympic events . "  I watched the athletics last night and the way Mo Farah won gave me a boost coming into today . "  I did n't expect that -LSB- being crowned Olympic champion -RSB- at the start of the week . I thought I 'd go deep into the tournament but I felt so fresh today . It 's amazing . " After an even start Murray took complete control of the match in the first set and never looked back . Federer , who admitted to being drained after his marathon semifinal victory over Del Potro , could n't keep pace with his opponent . Murray broke twice in the opening set to take it 6-2 and stepped up a gear in the second as he surrendered just one game . The final set was a more even affair , but Murray secured a decisive break in the fifth game and held his nerve to close out the match with an ace . Federer said : "  He was better , much better than I was today but I 'm happy with silver . I had a very emotional tournament . "  Maybe I was emotionally drained but , nevertheless , I did n't think I played too badly , but things did n't go my way . It 's unfortunate , but still a great day for me . "  Andy looked like he was never doubting himself and he was able to come through this time around . He 's had a wonderful career already and I 'm happy for him . "	Andy Murray defeats Roger Federer to win Olympic gold for Team GB Murray beats the Swiss world No. 1 6-2 6-1 6-4 to claim first major tennis title The Scot avenges his defeat by Federer in Wimbledon final back in July Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro takes silver after beating Novak Djokovic
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's troubled central bank introduced $ 100 billion banknotes Saturday in a desperate bid to ease the recurrent cash shortages plaguing the inflation-ravaged economy . A shopper displays a $ 500 million Zimbabwean bank note . The bills officially come into circulation Monday , although they were on the foreign currency dealers market Saturday . As high as they are , though , the bills still are n't enough to buy a loaf of bread . They can buy only four oranges . The new note is equal to just one U.S. dollar . Once-prosperous Zimbabwe has seen an unprecedented economic meltdown since it gained independence in 1980 , with the official inflation rate now at 2.2 million percent . Gideon Gono , governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe , said the new notes are for "  the convenience of the banking public and corporate sector " in light of price hikes . "  The RBZ has noted with concern the unjustifiable and incessant general increases in prices of goods and services . It is therefore appealing to the business community to follow ethical business practices as well as take an interest in the plight of the general public , " Gono said in a statement dated Friday . Zimbabwe started issuing large bank notes in December , starting with denominations of $ 250,000 . In January , the government issued bills in denominations of $ 1 million , $ 5 million , and $ 10 million -- and in May , it issued bills from $ 25 million and $ 50 million up to $ 25 billion and $ 50 billion . The new bills are actually bearer checks and have an expiration date of December 31 . Zimbabwe has not had formal currency since the introduction of bearer checks as a temporary measure in 2003 . "  The RBZ is fighting a losing battle , " economist John Robertson said in Harare . "  As long as the inflation remains high , cash shortages will persist . There is need to address the inflation by increasing production so that too goods do not -LSB- cost -RSB- a lot of money . "	New bills officially come into circulation Monday Bills are n't enough to buy a loaf of bread . They can only buy four oranges Gideon Gono : Notes for "  convenience of the banking public and corporate sector " The new note is equal to just one U.S. dollar
CNN Student News  -- May 24 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Panama City , Florida • Shanghai & Beijing , China • West Point , New York Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : May 24th , 1844 : The first telegraph message was sent . May 24th , 2010 : You can watch CNN Student News on TV , online and on iTunes . A lot changes over 150 years . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's do this . First Up : Gulf Coast Oil Spill AZUZ : Construction delays , permit problems , the threat of hurricanes : Officials in Panama City , Florida have dealt with a lot of problems to open up a new airport . Here 's a new one : a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . We 've talked about some of the different industries that this thing is affecting . Tourism is a big one , especially in Panama City . This new airport is expected to bring in millions of dollars . The problem is , people are worried about how clean the water is , and those concerns might keep them away from the region . The spill is more than 100 miles away from Panama City 's coastline , but officials are keeping a close eye on it . RANDY CURTIS , PANAMA CITY BAY COUNTY AIRPORT : Well , certainly it 's something we 've watched very closely . And fortunately , we 've not had any impacts in this part of Florida and the Gulf with the oil itself . So , we are open for business . DAN ROWE , PANAMA CITY BEACH VISITORS BUREAU : This airport is a great opportunity for us to showcase the region . And you know , we will get through the oil spill . There 's no oil on Panama City beach or any of the beaches in northwest Florida now , but we do need to continue to get the word out that this is a great place to come to visit and the airport is a means to get there . AZUZ : Last week , we told you about something called a "  top kill . " This animation shows how it would work . Engineers would pump this special mud into the leaking well . They hope that would stop the flow of oil . Then , they can seal the whole thing with cement . Officials had hoped to try that yesterday . Did n't happen . They 're now looking at giving it a shot tomorrow or Wednesday . Recently , some CNN iReporters sent in their ideas about how to deal with this spill . CNN asked Bill Nye the Science Guy to take a look at their suggestions . He 's is , as we said , the science expert . He actually used to deal with oil spills . Check out his reaction to the iReports . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE , CNN IREPORTER : You slide this in place on the hole 's stopper , going up the pressure which will plug that gap . You then drill several fastening bolts to fasten it in place . And at this stage , basically , all you need do is either tap into the pipe through the dam and pump in the golf balls , the rubber , the crap that will flow down and block . NYE : As soon as somebody says drill through here , you 're really in trouble . The stuff is unbelievably hard and it 's broken . It 's brittle . I mean , when you start to drill through it , it will just crack and you 'll have this crack propagate up and down the pipe . And the leak will actually get even more difficult to deal with . UNIDENTIFIED MALE , CNN IREPORTER : As you can see , this is simulating an oil spill in the water . And you just sprinkle some sand on it . As you can see , immediately the sand is absorbing the oil and bringing the oil down to the bottom , which makes the top very clear . NYE : Yes , yes , this is great . UNIDENTIFIED MALE , CNN IREPORTER : It does n't take the sand for it to absorb . NYE : So , here 's the problem . A lot of people do n't want tar on the bottom of the ocean either . And the amount of sand involved , when you have an oil spill that 's 10 nautical miles by 20 nautical miles , ends up to be a very large amount of sand . UNIDENTIFIED MALE , CNN IREPORTER : You got two scenarios here . We think , first of all , you can actually disperse this on the spill that 's out there now . You soak up the oil that 's out there now . You 've got skimmers coming along and skim up the hay or use the shrimp boats with their nets , something along that line . Or if it washes up on shore , it 's going to be just like seaweed , and you can take traditional beach cleaning equipment and just pick it up . NYE : Hay . They 're suggesting hay . Hay might work pretty well too . And oil just sticks to that material . Just sticks to it . If you can get that stuff out there and that 's what , when I worked on oil slick skimming boats , that 's what we used . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Estrada 's language arts classes at Summerour Middle School in Norcross , Georgia ! What U.S. government position have John Negroponte , J.M. McConnell and Dennis Blair all held ? Is it : A  Ambassador to the U.N. , B  Director of national intelligence , C  Secretary of state or D  Attorney general ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Those are the first three directors of national intelligence . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Intelligence Director Resigns AZUZ : Well now , President Obama is looking for the fourth director of national intelligence . Dennis Blair , who 's held the job since January of 2009 , resigned late last week . The director of national intelligence -- the job itself -- has been around for about 5 years . It 's the person responsible for collecting information from a bunch of government agencies -- including the CIA , the FBI and the Homeland Security Department -- and using all that information to create a single National Intelligence Program . Mr. Blair announced his resignation last Thursday . His office had been criticized recently for not coordinating intelligence efforts well enough and not stopping an attempted terrorist attack in advance . Blair 's resignation will be effective at the end of this week . Clinton in China AZUZ : Some other big names in the Obama administration are over in China . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is leading a group of more than 200 officials to Beijing for talks with the Chinese government . They 're going to be going over a lot of topics , the biggest one is trade . It 's something that Secretary Clinton talked about yesterday when she met with Chinese business leaders in Shanghai . That city is hosting the World Expo . It 's kind of like the Olympics for economics , science and technology . Secretary Clinton is urging China to allow American companies more freedom to compete with Chinese companies in China . She says that when there 's a level playing field , both countries win . Spoken Word U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The threat will not go away soon . But let 's be clear : al Qaeda and its affiliates are small men on the wrong side of history . They lead no nation . They lead no religion . We need not give in to fear every time a terrorist tries to scare us . We should not discard our freedoms because extremists try to exploit them . We can not succumb to division because others try to drive us apart . We are the United States of America . West Point Graduation AZUZ : The president , speaking there during the graduation ceremonies at the United States Military Academy in West Point . During his speech to the cadets , the president talked about some of the challenges that they and the country face in the fight against terrorism . This is the 9th West Point graduation since the 9/11 terrorist attacks . President Obama says that while the war on terror has changed in that time , it 's still just as important , and he pointed out that the country is united in its support of its troops . The president also talked about diversity at West Point . This year 's graduating class marked a milestone at the academy . It 's the first time that the number one overall cadet and the valedictorian are both female . Teen Climbs Everest AZUZ : Another milestone to tell you about now . Jordan Romero , the guy you see over my shoulder , is on top of the world ! He made it the top of Mount Everest on Saturday -- you do n't get any higher than that -- and he 's just 13 years old ! That is the kicker . Jordan has already climbed six of the so-called "  Seven Summits , " the tallest mountains on every continent . During his climb up Everest , he stopped to talk about the experience . JORDAN ROMERO , 13-YEAR-OLD CLIMBED MT. EVEREST : It 's Mount Everest . It 's a tough mountain and the altitude is tough ; it 's so physically and technically hard . And there 's a lot of new things I 've been wanting from this whole trip . I 've been able to see Mount Everest from wherever I go . I 'm already happy with that . I 've been learning a lot about culture , politics , religion , people , everything about Nepal and China . So , it 's been such a great trip and I 've learned so much from it . Before We Go AZUZ : Including how to wear incredibly heavy coats . Now before we go , a lot of world championships are decided out on the field . This one is played out in a barn . Still , the competition is fierce at the World Pinball Championships . Every contestant has a different approach . Some are smooth and steady . Some like this guy turned the whole thing into a dance recital . The guy 's been playing this for 35 years , so who are we to question the pinball wizard . When it comes to the player with the best technique ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... we could n't really pin it down . Time for us to stop flapper-ing our gums and tilt on out of here . If you do n't get those pinball references , your teachers might . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see ya tomorrow .	Soak up some analysis of what may and may not help clean up an oil spill Look into some of the reasons why a government intelligence chief resigned Step up your knowledge about the youngest person ever to climb Mount Everest Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece the "  Mona Lisa " was attacked with a mug earlier this month , but the world 's most famous painting -- protected by thick glass -- emerged with its enigmatic smile undimmed . The "  Mona Lisa " sits behind bulletproof glass in the Louvre gallery . French police say a woman "  not in her senses " lobbed the mug at the 500-year-old painting , which hangs in the Louvre gallery in Paris . The woman , a tourist , was later transferred from police custody to a psychiatric unit , a police spokesman told CNN . The spokesman declined to be identified , and did not say where the woman was from . The "  Mona Lisa , " considered one of the world 's most valuable paintings , sits behind bulletproof glass in a special wing of the Louvre , attracting visitors in their millions . The Italian Renaissance masterpiece , which depicts a dark-haired young woman with an aloof facial expression , has been the target of attacks in the past . In 1956 the artwork was damaged when acid was thrown at it . A rock was also thrown in a separate incident in the same year . In 1911 it was stolen from the Louvre but was returned two years later . CNN 's Flora Genoux in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	"  Mona Lisa , " protected by bulletproof glass , is undamaged Tourist who threw mug has been sent to a psychiatric unit 500-year-old artwork has suffered previous attacks
A federal judge in New Orleans Tuesday approved a $ 4 billion plea agreement for criminal fines and penalties against oil giant BP for the 2010 Gulf oil spill , the largest criminal penalty in U.S. history . U.S. District Court Judge Sarah Vance imposed the terms that the Justice Department and BP had agreed to last November , which include the oil company pleading guilty to 14 criminal counts -- among them , felony manslaughter charges -- and the payment of a record $ 4 billion in criminal penalties over five years . Vance 's ruling came after hearing from eight witnesses Tuesday , including family members of those killed , cleanup workers , and members of the Southeast Asian Fisherfolks Association . Transocean to pay $ 1.4 billion for role in Gulf oil spill The plea agreement is with the oil company and not with indicted individual employees , so it does n't result in anyone going to jail . Two high-ranking supervisors on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig have been indicted on 23 counts , including manslaughter , for allegedly ignoring warning signs of a possible blowout on the rig . It caught fire April 20 , 2010 , resulting in the deaths of 11 workers . Those separate criminal cases remain in litigation . Luke Keller , a vice president of BP America , Inc. , apologized again in court Tuesday for his company 's role in the accident . "  We -- and by that I mean the men and the women of the management of BP , its board of directors , and its many employees -- are deeply sorry for the tragic loss of the 11 men who died and the others who were injured that day , " said Keller . "  Our guilty plea makes clear , BP understands and acknowledges its role in that tragedy , and we apologize -- BP apologizes -- to all those injured and especially to the families of the lost loved ones . BP is also sorry for the harm to the environment that resulted from the spill , and we apologize to the individuals and communities who were injured . " The London-based oil giant also agreed to pay $ 525 million over three years to settle claims with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company concealed information from investors . The oil firm has not agreed with the Justice Department on a separate civil settlement involving federal and state claims of damages to natural resources . At stake are potential fines for violations of the Clean Water Act , which could range from $ 5 billion to almost $ 20 billion if BP is found guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct . That case is being heard by another federal court in New Orleans . According to Justice Department officials , $ 1.3 billion of the $ 4 billion fine will go to the government , nearly $ 2.4 billion will go to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation and $ 350 million will go to the National Academy of Sciences . Judge approves medical claims settlement in BP oil spill	The $ 4 billion deal is the largest criminal penalty in U.S. history 11 workers died April 20 , 2010 , when the Deepwater Horizon caught on fire The plea deal includes felony manslaughter charges A BP executive apologizes in court for the company 's role in the accident
CNN  -- Thirty years ago Wednesday , Iranian student revolutionaries climbed over the walls of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and seized dozens of Americans , whom they ultimately held hostage for 444 days . The hostage crisis , coming in the aftermath of Iran 's Islamic revolution , ended diplomatic relations between Washington and Tehran -- a rift that persists to this day . Iran celebrates the embassy takeover as an official holiday , and tens of thousands showed up in Tehran on Wednesday to hear anti-American speeches . The anniversary was also an opportunity to reignite the anti-government protests that were sparked in June , following a disputed presidential election , and thousands of anti-government protesters ignored warnings from Iranian authorities to stay home . One of the leaders of the 1979 hostage-takers says the United States and Iran must not be hostages to history . "  I am not willing to be a hostage of that historical event , " Ebrahim Asgharzadeh said on CNN 's "  Amanpour , " in an interview marking the anniversary . "  Neither Iran nor the United States should be hijacked by that historical event , " he said from Tehran , where he went on to become a reformist lawmaker and was himself jailed by the Islamic regime . He said the two sides need to be aware of the past without being imprisoned by it . "  If they do not pay attention to ... history they will have an unstable future , an impermanent future , " he said . Asgharzadeh said he and his fellow students had been offended that Jimmy Carter , then the U.S. president , had let the deposed Shah of Iran into the United States for medical treatment -- and said the actions of his compatriots had parallels in the United States . "  We felt insulted -- our revolution , our people -- and so there was a rebellion , " he said through a translator . "  A measure was needed to be taken that was effective , that could impact the world public opinion . "  We were not radical students . We were revolutionary students , in the sense that we were defending our country , our people , our nation , " he said . "  What the students did for the first two or three days , it was a student activity . It was meant to protest , something that American students did many times on the streets to protest the Vietnam War . " But John Limbert , a former American hostage , is not convinced by the comparison . "  Whatever they thought they were doing , whether it was a 1970s-style student sit-in , the results of it were very ... different , " he told Christiane Amanpour . And it was not the American hostages who suffered most , he added . "  They brought misery to the Iranian people . What happened to us was difficult . It was frightening . It was -- it was uncomfortable . But it lasted 14 months and was over , " he said . "  We certainly did n't expect it to last that long . They have said they did n't expect -LSB- it -RSB- to last that long . But what they did , in effect , was to create a climate of lawlessness and mob rule -LSB- of which -RSB- they and their compatriots are today the greatest victims , " said Limbert , the author of "  Negotiating with Iran , Wrestling the Ghost of History . " The hostage crisis escalated beyond what any of the participants expected as Iran 's new revolutionary government publicly backed the hostage-takers , Asgharzadeh and former Carter aide Gary Sick agree . "  That way it became actually an act of the Iranian government , rather than a group of students who were acting potentially outside the law , " said Sick , who was Carter 's point man on Iran . "  So basically , the situation got out of hand , in terms of being a student activity , " Asgharzadeh said . "  It became a societal issue backed by the leadership . "  And every day that passed on , things got more complicated . The analysis got more complicated in the White House . They lost their cool . They did n't know what to do . And they faced a challenge by the Iranian revolution and this revolutionary thought . And it reached a point where nobody felt prepared to deal with it , " the former student revolutionary said . "  And so after a while , both America and Iran were looking for a solution , because both their hands were tied at that stage , but the solution needed to be such that no country would be seen as the loser , " he said . That impasse still dominates the wary relationship between Tehran and Washington , Amanpour 's guests said . But it is time to call in the Ghostbusters , Limbert said , referring to the popular movie that came out not long after the Americans were finally released . "  You know , they put the ghosts in the can and put the can away . And somehow ... you 've got to do that , " he said . "  You do n't forget them . You do n't necessarily even ask for an apology . But you look them in the face , you know them for what they are , which is a very ugly and negative act , and then you put them in their proper compartment , " he advised . But Sick , now a Columbia University professor , said the hostage crisis continues to have ramifications in Washington today . "  The hostage crisis was extended probably eight months beyond what it should have been . No matter how you look at it in terms of Iran 's interests or what have you , they simply could n't make up their mind , " he said of the regime in Tehran . "  And it has left the impression that , one , Iran ca n't be trusted ; two , that when they negotiate , they negotiate in bad faith ; and , three , that they are paying only attention to their own internal circumstances and ignoring everybody else . "  That is a legacy that we live with and even people who do n't remember the hostage crisis at all still have that image of Iran that was created in those days that has not gone away , " he said .	One hostage-taker says 1979 embassy takeover was protest by angry students Former hostage says the event "  brought misery to the Iranian people " All sides tell CNN the legacy of the hostage crisis still affects U.S.-Iran relations Amanpour airs at 3 p.m. ET daily on CNN International and 2 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN USA
CNN  -- A Navy helicopter whipped the waves as the U.S. Coast Guard closed in on the suspected drug traffickers abandoning their homemade submarine off the coast of Ecuador . U.S. Navy and Coast Guard personnel approach a sinking drug sub about 200 miles off the coast of Ecuador . The men did n't go down with the ship , but any evidence did . When authorities confront "  drug subs " on the high seas , trafficking busts turn into rescue operations , the Coast Guard says . In the past , no evidence meant no case . But a new law aims to change that . The Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction Act of 2008 was signed into law in September . The statute makes it a felony , punishable by up to 20 years in prison , to travel through international waters in the vessels , technically known as self-propelled semisubmersibles . Drug subs come in several forms and are built of fiberglass , wood and steel in the swamps along the west coast of Colombia , under the cover of heavy foliage , Coast Guard officials say . Despite costing upwards of $ 2 million , the vessels are generally abandoned at sea after delivering their cargo , according to the Coast Guard . But with cargo values estimated to range from $ 200 million to $ 400 million , the investment pays big dividends . They are hard to see , rising less than 2 feet  little more than a half-meter  above the waterline , and can be 80 feet  24 meters  long , large enough to move 10 to 15 tons  about 9,000 to 14,000 kilograms  of cocaine at a time . Federal officials estimate drug subs now transport about one-third of all cocaine that moves by sea from South America to the United States . Detecting the vessels is nearly impossible for law enforcement even with advancements in sonar , radar and infrared technology . Catching them involves a combination of good intelligence and luck , and often relies on the use of helicopters . Once caught , suspected smugglers often "  scuttle , " or sink , the subs , sending both vessel and cocaine to the bottom of the sea . Though maritime law requires drug-trafficking crews in distress to be rescued , the crews are usually released without prosecution , because of a lack of physical evidence . But under the new law , no physical evidence is necessary . Just being on board a drug sub is proof enough . A dozen suspected cocaine smugglers taken into custody between December 31 and January 8 could be among the first prosecuted under the new law . The cases are expected to develop over the next several weeks , according to a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office . Besides a stiff prison sentence , suspects could be fined up to $ 1 million if convicted . The suspects were taken in three separate drug sub incidents in which alleged traffickers sank the vessels and cargo . The first came December 31 , some 200 miles  322 kilometers  off the coast of Ecuador . Another vessel was stopped January 7 about 550 miles off the coast of Ecuador . The most recent arrests were made January 8 , about 150 miles offshore from the Ecuador-Colombia border . "  As we go through the first prosecutions associated with this , we are actually kind of paving new ground here on how it is we have to prepare cases , " said Adm. Thad Allen , commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard . "  I think you can see where the planned operation of one of these vehicles on the high seas is a crime in and of itself significantly , significantly simplifies the prosecution for us , " he said . The new law , while untested , appears likely to pass constitutional muster . "  This is a unique statue probably born out of the frustration of federal officials trying to prove criminal activity on part of the drug traffickers , " said Robert Silbering , former special narcotics prosecutor for New York . "  This just throws another obstacle in the way of traffickers . " "  The idea here is we do n't have to catch you with the drugs ; if we catch you with the vessel , we are going to prosecute you for that , " said David A. Moran , a professor at the University of Michigan Law School . But as the law evolves , so do the traffickers ' tactics , Allen said . "  The latest adaptation , " he noted , "  is the introduction of liquid cocaine and smaller loads on faster boats hugging the coastline and trying to avoid us by staying in the territorial sea of another nation . "	Three "  drug subs " intercepted in past two weeks , Coast Guard says Crew members sank all three , along with cargo , officials say Lack of physical evidence often prevents drug prosecutions New law makes it a felony to travel through international waters in the vessels
CNN  -- English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur have confirmed the appointment of former Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas as their new head coach . The 34-year-old lasted just nine months at Tottenham 's London rivals , and was sacked in March after a run of disappointing results left them languishing in sixth place in the league . Prior to his spell at Stamford Bridge Villas-Boas enjoyed a record-breaking first season at Portuguese club Porto , winning a domestic double as well as the Europa League . He replaces Harry Redknapp who was dismissed by Tottenham three weeks ago . "  Tottenham Hotspur is a great club with a strong tradition and fantastic support , both at home and throughout the world , " Villas-Boas told the club 's official website . "  I feel privileged to be its coach . For me , this is one of the most exciting coaching positions in the Premier League . "  I have had several discussions with the chairman and the board and I share their vision for the future progress of the club . "  This is a squad any coach would love to work with and together I believe we can bring success in the seasons ahead . " Redknapp guided Tottenham to fourth place in the Premier League last season but the club missed out on European Champions League qualification after Chelsea won the continent 's premier club competition . That triumph , overseen by Villas-Boas ' successor at Stamford Bridge , former player Roberto Di Matteo , meant Chelsea took Tottenham 's place by virtue of being crowned champions . Di Matteo has since been appointed Chelsea 's permanent boss , while Villas-Boas has swapped one London club for another . Tottenham 's chairman Daniel Levy , said of the appointment : "  I am delighted that Andre has agreed to become our new Head Coach . "  He has an outstanding reputation for his technical knowledge of the game and for creating well-organized teams capable of playing football in an attractive and attacking style . "  Andre shares our long-term ambitions and ethos of developing players and nurturing young talent , and he will be able to do so now at a new world class Training Centre . "	Andre Villas-Boas appointed as new manager of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur Portuguese coach was sacked as Chelsea boss in March after only nine months in charge The 34-year-old replaces Harry Redknapp who was sacked three weeks ago Villas-Boas enjoyed successful year at Porto prior to Chelsea job , winning four trophies
It 's the thought that counts , right ? Tell that to the residents of 32 homes in the Dutch town of Ijsselstein , who were evacuated after a planned marriage proposal fell through . A Dutchman rented a crane intending to reach his girlfriend 's window Saturday morning and pop the question , Dutch affiliate RTL News said . Instead , the crane tipped over , crashing through the roof of a neighboring home . Hours later , during an attempt to right the crane , it fell through the roof again , making the hole bigger . As a result , residents of 32 homes were evacuated as a recovery company made another attempt to stabilize the crane . The good news ? No one was injured , and she said yes . The couple went directly to Paris to celebrate . 9 of China 's craziest , most creative marriage proposals	Dutchman uses crane intending to reach girlfriend 's window and pop question Instead , crane topples over , crashing through neighbor 's roof As a result , residents of 32 homes were evacuated
CNN  -- India 's dreaded "  Delhi belly " hit a number of top swimming stars , as Australia continued to dominate at the Commonwealth Games on Wednesday . England 's double Olympic champion Rebecca Adlington said she was struggling with illness ahead of Thursday 's 800m freestyle final -- an event she won at Beijing in 2008 . Her teammate Fran Halsall almost collapsed on the podium after winning a disappointing bronze in the 100m freestyle and then failing to reach the final of the 100m butterfly . Australia 's Andrew Lauterstein pulled out of the men 's 50m butterfly final due to a stomach complaint , but his compatriots won five more golds -- setting three records -- as the country moved to a leading 21 and 46 medals in total on day three of the event . "  It is hygiene-related , " England team doctor Ian Gordon told the UK Press Association . "  They have been assiduous in their personal hygiene , -LSB- using -RSB- alcohol gels . But everybody is going down with this acutely , and it just happened to hit Fran today . " Halsall , who won the 50m butterfly and aims to swim in the 50m freestyle heats on Thursday morning , saw Alicia Coutts win her second gold this week ahead of fellow Australian Emily Seebohm . "  I do n't think I 'm very well , to be honest . I had tummy issues last night , and they carried on through today . I just did n't have anything to give , " she told reporters . Adlington wrote on social networking website Twitter : "  Got a bronze on the 4x200 tonight ! Girls did amazing ! Very proud ! Hoping I feel better tomorrow though , not flash at the min ! " Leisel Jones retained her 200m breaststroke title for the third successive Games ahead of teammates Tessa Wallace and Sarah Katsoulis , while the highly-rated Seebohm won the 100m backstroke from England 's world champion and world record-holder Gemma Spofforth in a Commonwealth best time . Australia also set records in winning the men 's and women 's 4x200m freestyle relays . Another new mark was set by England 's James Goddard in the 200m backstroke as he regained the title he won in 2002 . Australians continued to dominate the cycling , though Malaysia 's Josiah Ng ended their clean sweep of golds by claiming the men 's keirin title when his teammate Azizulhasni Awang was disqualified for dangerous riding after finishing first . World champion Cameron Meyer won the men 's points race , while 19-year-old Megan Dunn won the women 's 25km event , and Australia also won the women 's team sprint for a haul of six golds in two days . Hosts India remained second in the medals table with 11 golds , ahead of England on six , despite a disappointing day in the wrestling following Tuesday 's clean sweep . Rajender Kumar retained his men 's 55kg title , thrashing Pakistan 's Azhar Hussain 11-0 in the final , but Sunil Kumar could only manage bronze in the 66kg after losing to eventual winner Myroslav Dykun of England . Manoj Kumar lost 7-2 to Nigeria 's Joe Agbonavbare in the 84kg final , while Dharmender Dalal earned bronze in the 120kg division after failing to reach the final -- won by Australia 's Ivan Popov , 8-0 against Talaram Mamman of Nigeria . The athletics program , which has been depleted by the withdrawal of several top names , opened with Uganda 's Moses Kipsiro winning the men 's 5,000 m , as he held off Kenya 's former world champion Eliud Kipchoge , the fastest over the distance this year . The men 's 100m glamour event saw Jamaica 's Oshane Bailey the fastest qualifier for Thursday 's semifinals with a time of 10.12 seconds in the absence of his illustrious compatriots Usain Bolt and defending champion Asafa Powell . Natasha Mayers of St Vincent and the Grenadines was the fastest in the women 's 100m heats , but her 11.33 was a long way off the Commonwealth best of 10.9 . In the men 's field hockey , world champions Australia thrashed Scotland 9-0 , Pakistan beat Malaysia 4-1 , New Zealand posted a second success in defeating South Africa 4-2 and Trinidad and Tobago crashed to another loss , 4-0 to England . In the women 's event , top seeds England beat Canada 4-1 in Pool B , and in Pool A defending champions Australia won 2-1 against India in a repeat meeting of the 2006 final .	English swimming star Halsall can not repeat gold-medal showing due to illness Halsall claims bronze and then misses on a final , as Australians dominate in the pool Australia remains top of the medals table after also winning three golds in the cycling Host India retains second place despite disappointing results in favored wrestling events
CNN  -- "  Fail fast . " It 's a mantra you hear in the tech-startup world -- a reminder to chase your dreams even if you need to pick up the pieces and start from scratch every now and then . Of course , some failures work out better than others . This year saw its share of technology-driven missteps . Some were rare slip-ups by usually reliable tech titans . Others were folks who crashed the world stage via the Internet 's powerful echo chamber , got lambasted for their efforts , then disappeared to presumably never be heard from again . Among them all , it was n't hard to fill the top spot on this year 's list of "  tech fails . " There are lots of arguments for and against the Affordable Care Act , President Barack Obama 's signature health care law that has opened access to insurance for millions of Americans . But there 's no debating that the rollout of its website , where millions of people would presumably sign up for care under the act , was a disaster . Some painted it as a stark contrast between the nimble , flexible world of Silicon Valley startups and the unwieldy snarl of Washington bureacracy . Regardless , the glitch-filled launch gave critics of the plan plenty of ammunition at a time when supporters would have preferred to be extolling the virtues of the health care plan . Of course , the full-time techies were n't perfect this year , either . After unveiling its successful video app , Vine , Twitter launched an uncharacteristic clunker in Twitter Music , a streaming tool that nobody seemed to notice . Once-mighty BlackBerry watched its dwindling relevance erode to almost zero in 2013 , while Microsoft learned that taking on the iPad is n't easy as its Surface tablet struggled to find an audience . Yahoo 's tinkering with its e-mail service frustrated users -- although not as much as a handful of major outages . And Facebook learned that being the world 's most popular social network does n't mean people want a smartphone that 's been reskinned with Facebook features . Smartwatches were part of one of the year 's top tech stories , the emergence of wearable technology . But by the end of 2013 , none of the devices had lived up to all the hype . Perhaps spoiled by the capabilities of their smartphones and tablets , many users felt the connected watches just do n't do very much ... yet . And it would n't be a year in the digital age without people using their Web access in regrettable , embarrassing and sometimes just plain stupid ways . Be it overzealous crime-fighters on Reddit , restaurant owners ranting on Facebook or the rest of us leaping at the chance to believe , and share , phony stories , there were plenty instances of people posting first and thinking later . Take a look at our Top 10 Tech Fails of 2013 and let us know in the comments if there are any you think we missed .	In 2013 , the HealthCare.gov website topped our list of tech ` fails ' Twitter Music was a rare misstep for the hot social platform Yahoo 's e-mail troubles irked users The "  year of the Web hoax " saw us believing in bunk
Conditions in Indian sterilization clinics are under renewed scrutiny after a doctor was removed from his job for using a bicycle pump to inflate women 's abdomens during the procedure . Health officials in Odisha state have launched an investigation after reports that bicycle pumps were used on 56 women undergoing sterilization surgery at a government-run community health center in Banarpal , Angul district , Friday . The physician was identified as Dr. Mahesh Chandra Rout , a retired surgeon who carried out work when required for the clinic , said Odisha Health Secretary Arti Ahuja . She said he would no longer be called on to work for the clinic , and could face charges as a result of the inquiry . When contacted by CNN , Rout refused to comment . Equipment missing Ahuja said the medical equipment that should have been used in the procedure -- a carbon dioxode insufflator -- had been provided to the clinic , and investigators would try to determine why it was not used . But Sachin Ramachandra , a health official in the district where the procedures took place , said inquiries revealed the insufflator was missing , which is why the bicycle pump had been used instead . A health official who did not wish to be named told CNN that the use of bicycle pumps in sterilization surgery was widespread . In the wake of the incident , state health officials issued a directive that all sterilizations must be carried out according to correct protocols . ` Might burst abdomen ' In sterilization surgery , the patient 's abdomen needs to be inflated to allow room to move surgical instruments . Dr. Naresh Trehan , the chief medical officer at the Medanta medical institute in New Delhi , told CNN that using a carbon dioxide insufflator allows a doctor to measure and calibrate the amount of pressure placed on the abdomen . Using a bicycle pump -- a method Trehan said he was alarmed to hear about -- is highly dangerous . "  If you use a bicycle pump , you do n't know how much air you 're pumping in and you might burst the abdomen , " he said . Dr. Vidhyadhar Sahu , the chief medical officer for Angul district , said none of the 56 women who underwent surgery on Friday reported any problems . Deaths ` almost inevitable ' For decades , in a bid to curb population growth , the Indian government has run a nationwide sterilization program . Particularly in poorer , rural areas , where access to other forms of contraception is limited , sterilization is a popular option . Women are paid to have the operations , and doctors are given incentives to perform them . But health advocates claim that conditions at the mobile clinics where the procedures are often performed , known as sterilization camps , are sometimes unsanitary and dangerous . Last month , a surgeon was arrested on charges of negligence and attempted culpable homicide in the deaths of a dozen women who had undergone sterilization operations at a mobile clinic in Chhattisgarh , one of India 's most impoverished states , which borders Odisha . Dr. R. K. Gupta , assisted by a team of fellow medical professionals , operated on 83 women in a span of six hours , including 12 who subsequently died . Government guidelines stipulate doctors should conduct no more than 30 sterilization surgeries a day . Gupta blamed the deaths on drugs given to the women after the surgeries . Kerry McBroom , a New Delhi-based advocate with the Human Rights Law Network , told CNN at the time of the deaths that they were "  almost inevitable ... given the unsafe , unethical and unhygienic conditions that persist throughout India in these camps . " "  You might find that there is no electricity , there is no running water , there is not enough staff in these facilities , " she said . READ MORE : India 's sterilization program under fire after patient deaths READ MORE : Surgeon accused of sterilization deaths arrested	Officials in Odisha state launch probe after doctor used bicycle pump on patients The doctor used pump to inflate abdomens of women ahead of sterilization surgery Conditions in India 's government-run sterilization clinics have been criticized Last month , 12 women died in Chhattisgarh state after undergoing the procedure
CNN  -- Beijing police have significantly stepped up security measures in China 's capital , in what the country 's state media described as "  an escalation of anti-terror efforts " following a string of attacks . Beijing has deployed more than 1,300 armed police officers and 150 patrol vehicles throughout the city at major intersections , according to Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . Each armed vehicle , comprised of nine police members and four assistants , are expected to cover a three-kilometer  1.86 mile  radius and respond to any incident within three minutes . The presence of these armed vehicles were called a "  deterrent to terrorists , " according to Xinhua . Such visible measures come as China reels from several bloody bomb and knife attacks in rail stations over the past few months . Reaction to attacks Separate incidents , in Kunming in March , where 29 were killed and 130 injured in knife attacks , as well as in Urumqi -- where three were killed and 79 hurt -- at the end of April and in the southern city of Guangzhou a few days later , with a further six injured , have highlighted the seriousness of the situation . Last year in October Tiananmen Square , Beijing 's iconic tourist destination , was the site of another alleged terrorist attack , when two Uyghurs crashed a jeep in the Square . Five were killed and dozens injured in the incident . China 's Minister of Public Security , Guo Shengkun , recently advocated hardline tactics against potential terror attacks . "  We should keep the pressure on and dare to strike heavy blows ... and firmly foil such plans before they become realities , " the minister was quoted in the state-run People 's Daily newspaper . Separatists from the Uyghur minority group have been blamed for the attacks , which are classed as acts of terrorism by authorities . Many Uyghurs , most of whom live in the far-western province of Xinjiang , decry Beijing 's influence and the creep of ethnic Han culture into their lives . Separatists want the creation of an independent state called East Turkestan . The central government say that they have done much to improve the lives of those in the remote region . Q&A : China 's restive far west Tiananmen connection ? The international media has been reporting on the high-profile crackdown in Beijing as the 25th anniversary of the 1989 crackdown on Tiananmen Square approaches . The connection was not highlighted by Chinese media , as mentions of the incident have been scrubbed . Several activists , including the prominent humans-rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang , have been detained ahead of the anniversary , which takes place on June 4 . China 's porous borders Meanwhile , China 's minister of national defense has highlighted the country 's borders with Myanmar , Laos and Thailand as a weak point in the fight against violent Uyghur separatism . "  We must  strictly control the border and , according to law , crack down on violent terrorism , drug manufacturing and trafficking and other criminal activities , " Chang Wanquan said on the ministry 's website . The state-run newspaper Global Times reported that last month , security checks were lacking at key transport hubs and that passengers had been carrying "  caged livestock , hammers and knives " when they boarded Shanghai 's subway .	150 police vehicles , 1,350 armed officers to be deployed on capital 's streets Officials say deployment is measure to protect citizens against possible terror attacks Significant stepping up of security comes ahead of 25th anniversary of June 4th crackdown on Tiananmen Square Defense minister says that southern borders need to be better protected to prevent terrorism
A 6.7-magnitude earthquake struck off Chile 's Pacific coast Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake 's epicenter was 60 kilometers  37 miles  west-northwest of Iquique , Chile , and its depth was 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  , the USGS said . There were no immediate reports of damages or injuries , but local emergency officials activated a precautionary tsunami warning along the coast and urged residents to move to higher ground , regional emergency official Juan Basaez told CNN Chile . Sea level readings in the area indicate a tsunami was generated , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said , but there is no widespread destructive tsunami threat . The center warned of possible destruction on the coast within 200 kilometers  124 miles  from the quake 's epicenter . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour	A tsunami was generated , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says Residents move to higher ground as tsunami alerts sound Officials say there 's no widespread destructive tsunami threat The quake 's epicenter was 35 kilometers from Iquique , Chile
CNN  -- When a teenage gunman opened fire at students in a high school cafeteria in Washington state , a relative said , he was not shooting at random targets . Jaylen Fryberg , who witnesses said gunned down students at Marysville-Pilchuck High School , is the cousin of two of the wounded . "  All three of them are cousins , and they live right close to each other , " Don Hatch told CNN affiliate KOMO . His 14-year-old grandson , Nate Hatch , is among four wounded in the rampage Friday that left Fryberg and a female student dead . The boys were close friends , nearly inseparable , Hatch said . They even went to a school dance together last week , where Fryberg was named the freshman class homecoming prince . "  Only God knows what escalated this . Only God knows , " Hatch said , according to KOMO . "  Nobody pushed a button with bullying . It 's just something that happened , and we do n't know why . " Hatch said he forgives Fryberg and plans on visiting his family . "  I 'll say , ' I feel for you and I 'll pray for you , ' " he said . Authorities have not publicly identified the shooter or the student he killed . The shooter died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , Marysville police spokesman Robb Lamoureux said . Wounded in intensive care The wounded -- two girls and two boys -- are in intensive care in hospitals in Seattle and Everett . The boys , identified as cousins 15-year-old Andrew Fryberg and Nate Hatch , are at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , Susan Gregg , the hospital 's spokeswoman , said . Fryberg is in critical condition and Hatch is listed in serious condition , she said . The girls were identified as Shaylee Chuckulnaskit and Gia Soriano , both 14 , according to Providence Regional Medical Center Everett 's chief medical officer Dr. Joanne Roberts . They were in critical condition with head injuries . At a news conference Saturday , Roberts read a brief statement from Soriano 's family : "  Our family is in shock . We appreciate your thoughts and prayers during this tragedy . Our hearts go out to the other victims and their families . " Roberts said dead tissue was being removed from the girls ' head wounds and surgery was conducted to allow their brains to swell and contract . "  The next three days are going to be crucial , " she said . Of the victims ' families , Roberts said : "  They are having all of the reactions that you or I would have if we were in their circumstances . Much of the day yesterday was spent trying to make identification . That was terribly stressful for them . We 've seen tears . We 've seen anger . They are just grieving . " Lunchroom in shock Investigators in Marysville , about 34 miles north of Seattle , have not provided details on the shooting , but students offered up accounts that painted a terrifying , chaotic picture . Fellow student Jordan Luton was finishing his lunch in the cafeteria when he heard a loud bang . He saw Fryberg go up to a table of students , "  came up from behind ... and fired about six bullets into the backs of them , " Luton told CNN . "  They were his friends , so it was n't just random . " Freshman Rachel Heichel was sitting at a table about 60 feet from Fryberg . When the shots started , she turned around and saw the shooter standing there . "  When I saw him , I was like , ` Oh my God , that 's Jaylen . ' I would have never expected it would have been him , out of all people , " she said . School in scramble Someone called 911 , and by 10:40 a.m. , police swarmed the building , guns readied . They went room to room , placing tape over doors to mark the ones they 'd secured . "  I 've got 30 students at the gym ready to go to the northwest , " police could be heard saying over radio . "  We 're going there to evacuate more students . " Then they came upon the gunman 's body . The Snohomish County sheriff 's office said Saturday that investigators interviewed more than 100 students and confirmed that "  a cafeteria worker attempted to stop the shooter . " The Beretta .40 - caliber handgun believed used in the shooting has been traced to Fryberg 's father , a law enforcement source told CNN . It was bought at Cabela 's in Tulalip , Washington , a federal source said . Grief , disbelief It was hard for Luton to make sense of the shooting . "  I have no idea what his motive was because yesterday at football practice , he was all fine , talking ... having a good time , " he said . "  And then today , just horrible . I do n't know what went through his head or what caused him to do it . " Alex Pietsch , a sophomore , told CNN on Saturday that the shooting keeps replaying in his mind . By all accounts , Fryberg was a popular student . Just a week ago , he had been named the high school 's freshman homecoming prince , according to a YouTube video of the ceremony and accounts provided by students to CNN . "  It 's weird to think about , because you see him and he is such a happy person , " Pietsch said . "  You never really see him be so angry and so upset . ... People were telling me who it was when I was getting in my mom 's car and I was like , ` What ? This is not happening . ... This is crazy . ' It was just surprising to me that him out of all people would be the one . " Multiple social media accounts in Fryberg 's name depict him frequently hunting and using rifles . Those accounts say he was a Native American and a member of the Tulalip Tribe . But a Twitter account in his name gave a very different picture , that of a teenager with a broken heart . Luton could not confirm reports that Fryberg had been bullied . But two weeks ago , according to Luton , Fryberg got into a fight after somebody said "  something racist " to him . Who was Jaylen Fryberg ? CNN 's Carma Hassan , Ray Sanchez , Susan Candiotti , Jake Tapper , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Only God knows what escalated this , " a relative of the shooter says Two male victims have been identified as Andrew Fryberg and Nate Hatch Two others identified as Shaylee Chuckulnaskit and Gia Soriano , both 14 Official : The gun has been traced to the shooter 's father
CNN  -- Demonstrations in support of immigrants ' rights are scheduled Saturday in at least 21 states , the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces . In all , protests are planned for 47 cities . The demonstrations come amid a swirl of controversy surrounding a new immigration law in Arizona that allows police to demand proof of legal residency . Arizona lawmakers say the law is needed because the federal government has failed to enforce border security with Mexico , allowing more than 450,000 illegal immigrants to move into in the state . Critics say the law is unconstitutional and will lead to racial profiling , which is illegal . But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and others who support SB1070 say it does not involve profiling or other illegal acts . The Arizona legislature passed a series of changes to the law late Thursday in an attempt to address the accusations that the measure will lead to profiling . The law , which does not go into effect for 90 days , has already drawn at least two lawsuits and condemnation from the Mexican government and other Latin American nations . Prominent entertainers , including Shakira and Linda Ronstadt , also have spoken out against the law . Some critics are calling for a boycott of Arizona , urging that tourists stay away and that no one do business with companies in the state . On Friday , two San Francisco , California , officials wrote a three-page letter to Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig to ask that the 2011 All-Star Game be moved from Phoenix , Arizona , if the law is not repealed . The Major League Baseball Players Association , the players ' union , is also voicing its disapproval of the law . "  The recent passage by Arizona of a new immigration law could have a negative impact on hundreds of Major League players who are citizens of countries other than the United States , " Michael Weiner , executive director of the association , said in a prepared statement Friday . "  These international players are very much a part of our national pastime and are important members of our Association . Their contributions to our sport have been invaluable , and their exploits have been witnessed , enjoyed and applauded by millions of Americans . All of them , as well as the Clubs for whom they play , have gone to great lengths to ensure full compliance with federal immigration law . ... "  The Major League Baseball Players Association opposes this law as written . We hope that the law is repealed or modified promptly . If the current law goes into effect , the MLBPA will consider additional steps necessary to protect the rights and interests of our members . " Also Friday , National Urban League President Marc Morial announced that the civil rights organization is suspending consideration of Phoenix -- which had submitted a bid -- as the location for its 2012 conference "  as long as this unfortunate law remains in effect . " "  The law is repugnant not just to people of color but to all Americans who value fairness , decency , and justice , " said Morial , who added that no site in the state would be considered unless the law is repealed or overturned . The organization is expected to announce the winning location for the convention at its 2010 conference in late July . In addition , the African-American Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity announced it is pulling its July 2010 convention from Phoenix and moving it to Las Vegas , Nevada , because of what its board called "  the egregious immigration act signed recently by the governor of Arizona . " "  It was the full opinion of the board that we could not host a meeting in a state that has sanctioned a law which we believe will lead to racial profiling and discrimination , and a law that could put the civil rights and the very dignity of our members at risk during their stay in Phoenix , Arizona , " the fraternity 's board said . Though perhaps not as vocal , the law also has plenty of supporters . Some have launched a "  BUYcott , " in which they urge people to spend money in the state to support the measure . Backers applaud Arizona legislators for taking seriously their concerns about illegal immigration and crime . Arizona 's new law requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and mandates that police question people if there is reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . The measure makes it a state crime to live in or travel through Arizona illegally . It also targets those who hire illegal immigrant day laborers or knowingly transport them . Brewer signed the law last week , and the legislature changed some language in it Thursday night in an attempt to make it less ambiguous as to how and when people can be questioned about their residency . Brewer signed the changes into law Friday , saying they will ease concerns about racial profiling . According to the bill the governor signed April 23 , police would be able to detain an individual based merely on the suspicion that he or she entered the country illegally . A change that legislators approved Thursday night , however , says police could check on residency status only while enforcing some other law or ordinance . An officer could ask about an immigrant 's status , for example , while investigating that person for speeding , loitering or some other offense . In addition , the law says Arizona 's attorney general or a county attorney can not investigate complaints based "  solely " on factors such as a person 's race , color or national origin . The changes that legislators approved Thursday night would remove the word "  solely , " to emphasize that prosecutors must have some reason other than an individual 's race or national origin to investigate . Read the full text of Senate Bill 1070  PDF The Arizona law will be the focus of Saturday 's May Day immigration demonstrations , which have been held yearly since 2006 . Eleven protests are scheduled in California , with two in Los Angeles . New York has eight protests slated , including five in New York City . In Canada , demonstrations are planned in Toronto and Vancouver . The protests are being organized by the National Immigrant Solidarity Network and are being billed as "  May Day 2010 -- National Mobilization for Immigrant Workers Rights . " Demonstrators want immigration reform that will lead to an easier path toward legal residency and citizenship . "  We have an immigration system that has been neglected for 30 years , " said Clarissa Martinez of the National Council of La Raza . The Arizona law is not the answer , she said . "  That leads to greater chaos over that broken system , " Martinez told CNN . President Obama has called on Congress to pass a comprehensive immigration reform law this year . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other top Democratic senators unveiled the outlines of that legislation late Thursday . But House Minority Leader John Boehner said at a briefing Thursday that "  there 's not a chance " that Congress will approve the measure this year , especially after the recent passage of health care reform . Obama conceded this week that immigration reform is not likely this year . The Arizona law has raised concerns in Mexico and throughout Latin America , U.S. officials say . "  It comes up ... in every meeting we have with the region , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday . "  We are hearing the concerns of the hemisphere loud and clear . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States will work to "  understand and mitigate " Mexico 's concerns . The Arizona law , she said , will be on the agenda when Mexican President Felipe Calderon visits Washington on May 19 . One of the two lawsuits against SB1070 was filed Thursday by a police officer in Tucson , Arizona , who asked that local law enforcement be exempt from enforcing the measure . Officer Martin H. Escobar says in the federal suit that the law will "  seriously impede law enforcement investigations and facilitate the successful commission of crimes . " The National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders also filed a federal lawsuit Thursday . The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , the American Civil Liberties Union , the ACLU of Arizona and the National Immigration Law Center said Thursday they also plan to jointly file a lawsuit . Supporters of SB1070 cite high levels of illegal immigration and crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants as a reason for the new law . "  Border violence and crime due to illegal immigration are critically important issues to the people of our state , " Brewer said at the bill signing . "  There is no higher priority than protecting the citizens of Arizona . We can not sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of the drug cartels . We can not stand idly by as drop houses , kidnappings and violence compromise our quality of life . " But statistics from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency and the FBI indicate that both the number of illegal immigrants and violent crime have decreased in the state in recent years . According to FBI statistics , violent crimes in Arizona dropped by nearly 1,500 reported incidents between 2005 and 2008 . Reported property crimes also fell during the same period , from about 287,000 reported incidents to 279,000 . These decreases are accentuated by the fact that Arizona 's population grew by 600,000 people between 2005 and 2008 . According to the nonpartisan Immigration Policy Institute , proponents of the bill "  overlook two salient points : crime rates have already been falling in Arizona for years despite the presence of unauthorized immigrants , and a century 's worth of research has demonstrated that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes or be behind bars than the native-born . " Federal officials estimate there are about 10.8 million illegal immigrants in the United States , of which about 6.6 million come from Mexico and 760,000 from the rest of Latin America . About 1 million come from Asia . Arizona , which is on the Mexican border , has about 460,000 undocumented immigrants , the federal government says . At least five other states , including California with 2.6 million , have more undocumented immigrants , the government says . The other states with more illegal immigrants than Arizona are Texas , Florida , New York and Georgia . A Pew Research Center survey late last year found that Americans believe Latinos are discriminated against more than any other major racial or ethnic group in American society . The Pew survey also indicated that about one-third of the nation 's Latinos say they or someone they know has experienced discrimination . About 9 percent said they had been stopped by police or other authorities and asked about their immigration status in the year before the survey . Fifty-seven percent of those surveyed said they worried that they , a family member or a close friend could be deported .	NEW : Baseball players union , Urban League , fraternity voice disapproval of new law Arizona Legislature amends law to address accusations that it will lead to racial profiling Critics call law unconstitutional , file suits , plan boycotts ; backers say it 's needed , urge "  BUYcott " Protests to take place in at least 21 states , District of Columbia , 2 Canadian provinces
CNN  -- A dramatic confrontation in Hong Kong between Michael Bay 's film crew and men who wanted money might be better set in a Jackie Chan movie . The street vendors allegedly became violent when Bay refused to quadruple the payment they would get for the disruption caused by filming for the fourth installment in his "  Transformers " film franchise . "  Yes , some drugged up guys were being belligerent asses to my crew for hours in the morning of our first shoot day in Hong Kong , " Bay said in a posting on his website Thursday . "  One guy rolled metal carts into some of my actors trying to shake us down for thousands of dollars to not play his loud music or hit us with bricks . " Bay , 48 , is in Hong Kong filming "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " starring Mark Wahlberg and Nicola Peltz , which is due in theaters next June . "  Every vendor where we shot got paid a fair price for our inconvenience , but he wanted four times that amount , " Bay wrote . "  I personally told this man and his friends to forget it . We were not going to let him extort us . He did n't like that answer . " The man returned an hour later , "  carrying a long air-conditioner unit , " according to Bay . "  He walked right up to me and tried to smack my face , but I ducked threw the air unit on the floor and pushed him away . " Police officers providing security for the production "  jumped on him , " Bay said . "  But it took seven big guys to subdue him . It was like a zombie in Brad Pitt 's movie ` World War Z. ' He lifted seven guys up and tried to bite them . He actually bit into one of the guard 's Nike shoe . Insane . Thank god it was an Air Max , the bubble popped , but the toe was saved . " Faithful to the over-the-top action and special effects of any Bay production , it ended with an army . "  It took 15 Hong Kong cops in riot gear to deal with these punks , " Bay said . "  In all , four guys were arrested for assaulting the officers . " A Hong Kong police spokeswoman identified two people arrested as brothers with the surname Mak and ages 27 and 28 . She said the men demanded that Bay give them 100,000 Hong Kong dollars , which is about $ 12,000 in U.S. currency . The younger Mak brother , who was charged with blackmail and assault on a police officer , was taken by ambulance to a hospital for treatment of his injuries , the spokeswoman said . The older bother , who complained that he was not feeling well , was arrested on a charge of common assault and assaulting a police officer , she said . Three police officers suffered minor injuries , the spokeswoman said . While Bay did not acknowledge any injuries in his statement , the police report said the director suffered a facial injury but did n't go to a hospital . "  After that , we had a great day shooting here in Hong Kong , " Bay said . CNN 's Judy Kwon in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : Bay : "  Some drugged up guys were being belligerent asses " to Transformers crew NEW : "  It was like a Zombie in Brad Pitt 's movie ` World War Z , ' Bay says " The director is in Hong Kong filming the fourth installment of ` Transformers ' franchise Charges against the men include extortion and assault
CNN  -- The Academy-Award winning British producer and  briefly  Columbia Pictures head David Puttnam used to have a placard on the wall of his office . It read : "  Hello , he lied . " In "  The Invention of Lying , " Ricky Gervais plays a "  loser " in a society that tells only the truth . Lies are second nature in Hollywood , or maybe even first nature , so it 's not surprising that the breathtakingly simple but bewilderingly original idea underpinning the new movie from "  The Office " creator Ricky Gervais came from an industry neophyte , Gervais 's co-writer and co-director , Matthew Robinson . The idea ? In a world in which everyone always speaks the truth -- in which no one has ever so much as considered deceit , flattery , hyperbole , hiring an illegal maid or under-declaring their taxable returns -- what status , fame and fortune would fall to the first man to realize the power of fabrication ? Appropriately , Gervais ' character , Mark Bellison , works in the film biz as a screenwriter . But this being a society in which fiction has yet to be invented , his job consists of penning historical lectures that will then be read aloud to the moviegoing public by the on-screen narrator . Mark has drawn the short straw with the 14th century  no one wants to hear about the Black Death  , and he 's about to be fired , as his secretary  Tina Fey  is eager to tell him . She 's never liked him anyway ; she tells him that , too . An honest world can be a brutal place for a short , fat loser , which is all that Mark is . After all , everybody says so . The movie never surpasses the gleeful hilarity of the first 25 minutes , when it allows us to imagine just how crushing and soulless this nakedly Darwinian universe would be . The high point comes early , with Mark 's dispiriting blind date with the beautiful Anna  Jennifer Garner  , who is scrupulously frank about her first impressions and his long-term prospects , which are nil . She 's searching for a fiscally well-endowed , genetically attractive mate , and Mark ai n't him . Watch Gervais explain why Garner came cheap " Gervais has made similar , self-deprecating remarks about the chances of a chubby Brit like him making it in Hollywood -- a line he repeated at the Emmys recently -- though it must be said , so far , Hollywood seems to be welcoming him with open arms . "  The Invention of Lying " is loaded with celebrity cameos from the likes of Philip Seymour Hoffman , Edward Norton and Christopher Guest . Gervais should relax : Clowns do n't have to be Cary Grant . Funny-looking is fine for a funny man . Meanwhile Mark 's obsession with the unfairness of it all smacks of self-pity . It does n't seem to have occurred to the filmmakers that his attraction to Anna is based entirely on her looks . Garner 's role cries out for grace notes -- a kind word , a quip , an insight , some flash of warmth -- Garner can only hint at . Provocatively , the big lie that changes everything is the promise of an afterlife Mark gives to his mother on her deathbed . The word soon gets out , and Mark is forced to spell out the tenets of the world 's first religion , as dictated to him by "  the man in the sky . " Or so he says , and who should doubt it ? You have to admire the audacity of such sacrilegious mischief-making , but truth be told , the movie loses its way the longer Gervais spins out this anti-parable . His false prophet acquires fame and fortune but still struggles to convince the girl that he 's a better bet than Rob Lowe in the genes department . The ending 's uncertain mixture of cynicism and sentimentality does n't feel entirely plausible , and between them , Gervais and Robinson ca n't smooth over the story 's bumpy patches . At times , the energy just seeps out of the film . But that does n't mean "  The Invention of Lying " is n't the funniest movie around right now . At its best , it 's inspired . It 's just that Ricky Gervais still has a ways to go before his filmmaking reaches the sustained pitch of his TV work . It should be fun seeing him figure it out . "  The Invention of Lying " is rated PG-13 and runs 100 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  The Invention of Lying " has moments of inspired comedy , says Tom Charity Movie is about man who learns to lie in truth-telling society Film is flat at times , but star Ricky Gervais helps carry it over weak spots
CNN  -- In just over three weeks , Jason Dufner has won his first two PGA Tour titles and got married . As the new leader of the FedEx Cup series , the American has catapulted himself into the top-15 of the world rankings and is considered a real contender to win his first major at next month 's U.S. Open . But what he really wants is a spot in Davis Love 's Ryder Cup squad come September as the U.S. team seeks to avenge the 2010 defeat by Europe . "  I hope it gets Davis Love 's attention . I think I will be No. 1 in the points , so I hope that gets his attention , " Dufner told reporters after sinking a final-hole birdie to avoid a playoff at the Byron Nelson Championship on Sunday . "  Obviously being a Ryder Cup year , that would be special to have on your resume and play in , even if it 's only for one time . That was one of my main goals . The FedEx Cup , being No. 1 is a great position to be in , but we 're maybe a little more than halfway through , so we have a long haul on that . " Having been winless for 163 PGA Tour starts , Dufner finally broke his duck in New Orleans at the end of last month when he beat three-time major winner Ernie Els in a playoff to claim the $ 1.15 million first prize at the Zurich Classic . The 35-year-old then wed his partner Amanda , had his honeymoon at last week 's Players Championship in Florida and took home another $ 1.17 million in Texas on Sunday as he denied fellow Alabama resident Dicky Pride the chance to claim his second title 18 years after his first -- which would have been a record gap . "  All these things that come with winning are great but I do n't think much about 'em , other than the Ryder Cup and trying to win tournaments , " Dufner said . "  You probably could n't dream it any better than what 's been going on here . The wedding has been in the works for close to a year so -- I guess I proposed in July -- but to win two events and get married in the span of 22 days , it 's pretty remarkable . "  Amanda and I are lucky to be in the position we 're in and to have each other and enjoy what 's going on around us right now . " Last year Dufner was twice denied his maiden victory in playoffs , the latter coming in the PGA Championship as Keegan Bradley claimed his first major , but he insists he never lost faith that the breakthrough would come . "  People do n't realize how fine the line is between winning . Sometimes that can be a hard pill to swallow , but when I 've been on the other side of it , I always took encouragement from it , that I was playing great golf , and my time was going to come , " he said . "  I think it really just propelled me this offseason . I played some events overseas where I played well , and I was thinking coming into the beginning of this year that I could play some really good golf . It 's time to win some events out here . "  I feel comfortable on the golf course when I 'm out there . I feel like I 'm in good control of my game , getting better emotionally with dealing with the pressures of trying to win out here . " Meanwhile , former U.S. Ryder Cup player Anthony Kim has no chance of qualifying for this year 's match in Illinois after being ruled out for up to five months with arm injuries . Kim missed the 2010 defeat in Wales after having thumb surgery , and now he faces another long rehabilitation after damaging his right elbow when he hit a rock at the Texas Open as well as suffering from tendinitis in his left forearm . "  I 'm obviously disappointed because I 've been fighting to get my game back on the right track and having an injury hold me back is frustrating , " the three-time winner said in a statement on the PGA Tour website . "  I 've been through this process before , though , and know that you have to put in your work with treatments to get healthy . That will be my focus for the next four or five months so I 'm in a position to return healthy towards the end of the year and be fully ready for 2013 . "	Justin Dufner leads FedEx Cup standings after his second win in three weeks The 35-year-old hoping to qualify for U.S. Ryder Cup team in September In 22 days he has pocketed more than $ 2.2 million and got married Former U.S. Ryder Cup player Anthony Kim suffers injury setback
CNN  -- After four months on the scrapheap Paddy Lowe will be back in the fast lane in June after his switch from McLaren to Formula One rival Mercedes was confirmed . Lowe was recruited by Mercedes in January only for McLaren to remove him from his role as technical director and insist he sees out his contract , which was set to expire at the end of the current season . It was originally thought Lowe would replace current Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn , but he will now work alongside his fellow Briton as "  executive director  technical  " from June 3 . The Circuit : CNN 's F1 Interactive "  I am excited to become part of a highly talented and capable technical organization , " said Lowe , who follows 2008 world championship-winning driver Lewis Hamilton in swapping McLaren for Mercedes , in a statement . "  That is a challenge I am relishing . I have worked closely with Mercedes-Benz for almost 20 years and deeply admire the company 's phenomenal commitment to Formula One . I look forward to much success together in the years ahead . " Lowe adds to a wealth of experience in the Mercedes hierarchy . Brawn oversaw all seven of Michael Schumacher 's world titles in addition to Jenson Button 's in 2009 . Mercedes sit fourth in the constructors ' championship ahead of Sunday 's Monaco Grand Prix , the sixth race of the 2013 season . "  I am delighted to welcome Paddy to the team and to begin working together , " said Brawn . "  He has an excellent record of success in the sport and would be an asset to any of our rivals in the pit lane . "  Paddy 's arrival will further strengthen our organization and puts us in a strong position for the future . " While Mercedes are able to invest in pursuit of race wins , other teams face more stark financial realities . This time last year Williams were celebrating Pastor Maldonado 's win at the Spanish Grand Prix . Twelve months on Maldonado and rookie teammate Valtteri Bottas both failed to make it out of the first round of qualifying last time out in Barcelona . While results on the track have been disappointing , deputy team principal Claire Williams insists financial solvency is of greater importance . "  The budget is always the most important thing -- securing more revenue than I did last year , " Williams , whose father Frank Williams founded the team , told Formula One 's official website . "  That is really important to me -- getting as much money in for the team as I possibly can . The more money you have the better your race car can be , in effect . "  Secondly , making sure politically that the team is in the best position . And thirdly - and probably most importantly -- results . "  Being at the top of the grid and fighting for world championships . I 'm not going to give up until we 're back again . " Bottas is yet to score a point in Formula One , with his best finish of 11th coming at the Malaysian Grand Prix . Williams praised the young Finn , suggesting he will be challenging at the front of the grid as his career progresses . "  I think we definitely have a future world champion at hand -- but of course we have to give him the car to allow him to prove his talent , " declared Williams . "  He has done a good job so far . He has finished every race , made up positions with great overtaking manoeuvres , and is giving strong feedback to the engineers in order to improve the car . "	Paddy Lowe cleared to join Mercedes from McLaren on June 3 Lowe to work alongside team principal Ross Brawn as executive director  technical Williams deputy team principal says finances more important than race result Claire Williams also describes Valtteri Bottas as a future world champion
Mental Floss  -- Benjamin Franklin said that nothing is certain in this world but death and taxes . The federal government allows taxpayers a $ 500 exemption for housing victims of a Midwestern disaster . In our more fast-paced times we might add the certainty of having to replace our iPods at least once every two years , but you get the point . Taxes are a part of the fabric of modern human society , yet they are totally beguiling to most ordinary folk . With laws like this , it 's no wonder . 1 . The jock tax You can thank Michael Jordan for this one . After Jordan 's Chicago Bulls put the hurt on the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1991 NBA finals , the state of California began to enforce a nonresident income tax on visiting performers , especially athletes . Basically , the tax applies to any income earned while competing or performing in California , and it allowed California 's Franchise Tax Board to reach into the pockets of Jordan , Pippen , et . al. to extract some revenge for the hard-court beatdown . Not to be outdone , Illinois , and eventually 18 other states , instituted a jock tax , making a patchwork quilt of tax laws that basketball , baseball , and other sports figures have to consider . Thanks to these regulations , it 's more difficult to file a professional athlete 's tax return than to map the human genome on a Commodore 64 . 2 . The crack tax In 1983 , Arizona became the first state to implement a "  Cannabis & Controlled Substances Tax " in order to boost state revenues and further punish those found guilty of possession . It works like this : if you are in possession of an illegal drug or illegally produced liquor  aka moonshine  , you need to go down to the state tax collection agency and pay the tax on your illegal substances . You are then given tax stamps to affix on your illegal goods . Sounds insane , right ? Well , part of the code now on the books in more than 30 states says that the tax collection agency is not allowed to rat you out to the local law enforcement agency . This should put every drug dealer 's mind at ease , yet so few of them pay their required taxes . The truth is , many of these taxes are levied in arrears after the local constabulary has caught the criminal dealer . It 's really an additional fine for dealing that gets paid straight to the state coffers . And what of those few people that pay the tax ? Records show that the vast majority of them are stamp collectors . Mental Floss : 10 controversial stamps 3 . Take in a midwesterner For 2008 and 2009 , the IRS is allowing a $ 500 exemption for each person that you help house from a Midwestern disaster  e.g. the floods in Iowa and surrounding states  . In typical IRS fashion , the rules dictating who can and can not be counted for this charitable act are both coldly technical , and moderately vague . Need more info ? Check out the scintillating IRS Publication 4492-B . It 's a great beach read . 4 . It 's not a tattoo tax , it 's a body art tax Arkansas has added getting a tattoo to its list of services that require an additional 6 percent state tax . One other service that 's subject to the tax is electrolysis . Mental Floss : Your tattoo might not mean what you think 5 . Hide the window , the taxman is coming You 'll never have to worry about this last tax since it was repealed in 1851 , but it 's just too silly not to mention . In 1696 , a tax was placed on British homes based on the number of windows the home had . Previously the tax was levied per household , no matter the size of the house or the number of residents . The law changed , however , to levy higher taxes on larger homes with , presumably , more windows . Instead of paying the higher taxes , people just bricked up the windows that they found to be extraneous . An astute visitor to England can still see evidence of this law today in the scores of walled up windows in older buildings throughout the country . Mental Floss : 4 other times our economy tanked For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	In 1983 , Arizona was first state to tax holders of illegal drugs or moonshine Similar laws in 30 + states say collectors are n't allowed to rat out taxpayers If you house a victim of a Midwestern disaster , IRS offers $ 500 tax exemption Arkansas taxes tattoos , electrolysis ; out-of-state pro-athletes taxed in 19 states
EW.com  -- Back in the summer of 1999 , alternative rock bible Spin published a cover story called "  What the World Needs Now Is Axl Rose " â $ " even though he had n't produced but a single song in over five years  the awful "  Oh My God , " which appeared on the soundtrack to the Schwarzenegger vs. Satan movie End of Days  . All these years and one seriously anticlimactic Chinese Democracy later , the elusive , unpredictable Axl still fascinates . He 's kept fans and the media at arm 's length by giving hardly any print interviews , let alone televised ones . But that all is going to change on October 24 , when he appears on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " for his first live broadcast interview in more than two decades . Axl Rose gets stolen jewelry back Rose will go on the show to chat with Kimmel primarily about his band 's upcoming 12-night Appetite for Democracy run at Las Vegas ' Hard Rock Hotel and Casino . Hopefully he 'll also discuss his addiction to tardiness , his mysterious hairline , and whether or not the tracks he supposedly recorded with Shaquille O'Neal at some point in the '90s will ever see the light of day . It 's telling that , upon hearing this news , one EW staffer immediately quipped , "  What are the odds he actually shows up ? " Indeed , Axl has never been good with deadlines , even when it comes to performing on live television . But if the show goes as planned , it will be very interesting to hear what is on Axl 's mind . Will he talk about his absence from the band 's induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ? Will he tell stories of lost tapes and crazy re-starts during the Chinese Democracy sessions ? Steven Adler on Axl Rose : ` I 'm done with him ' Perhaps he 'll go into why seemingly all of his guitarists have silly names  see : Slash , Izzy , Buckethead , Bumblefoot  . With Axl , anything is possible . What would you want to hear Axl talk about ? And does Kimmel seem like a good fit ? Let us know in the comments . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Axl Rose will appear live for the first time in 20 years on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " The singer is set to chat with Kimmel on October 24 His band 's has an upcoming run at Las Vegas ' Hard Rock Hotel and Casino
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The daughter of the tycoon who on Tuesday offered HK$ 500 million  US$ 64 million  to any man who would marry her found the proposal "  quite entertaining , " she told CNN . Gigi Chao said her father , property developer Cecil Chao Sze-tsung , "  loves her very much " and she was aware of the cash offer before it was first reported Tuesday by local Hong Kong media . The tycoon 's offer came after Chinese media reports last week that she married another woman , her long-time companion Sean Eav , in a civil ceremony in Paris last week . Asked by CNN to confirm her civil union , Chao said she was "  not in a position to verify that . " Her father , however , was unequivocal , telling CNN "  reports of Gigi being married is not true , it 's a rumor . " However , he did confirm that he is offering the multi-million dollar bounty for a future son-in-law : Any nationality or wealth of the suitor is fine , the only requirement is that the man "  loves my daughter , and she loves him . " Asked if she would consider her father 's offer , Chao said , "  we will see . " The 76-year-old tycoon himself has never married , and has long earned a reputation on the pages of local newspapers and magazines in the arms of beautiful women , having once bragged of having had 10,000 girlfriends , the South China Morning Post reported . Gigi Chao is an executive director of Cheuk Nang Holdings , a luxury property development company run by her father . What happens when a hip hop artist confesses same sex love ? Chely Wright : The cost of coming out	Hong Kong tycoon offers HK$ 500 million for a man to marry his daughter Comes after Gigi Chao reportedly wed another woman in France last week Chao told CNN she finds her father 's proposal "  quite entertaining "
Garita Palmera , El Salvador  CNN  -- She talks to the pictures as if they could make her voice travel thousands of miles and reach her son 's ears . "  Oh , my son , " Julia Alvarenga , 59 , says in a tender voice at her home in this coastal town . And then she says , "  I 'm going to see him again . " The past two weeks have been an emotional roller coaster for the Salvadoran woman . First , she learned her son had been missing for 13 months . Then she was told he had turned up half a world away . And now she 's getting news he might be back home soon . Her son , Jose Salvador Alvarenga , 36 , appeared in the Marshall Islands on January 30 claiming to be a castaway . He told authorities he was lost at sea on a fishing boat for 13 months , eating raw fish and turtles . His assistant , Ezequiel Cordova , 23 , died four weeks into the drift because he could n't eat the raw food at their disposal , Alvarenga told CNN . He said the pair got caught in a storm soon after leaving Mexico on a shark fishing trip in December 2012 . In Garita Palmera , the house is decorated for a homecoming . Balloons and ribbons are hung , and a banner reading "  Welcome Home " is strung up on the palm tree archway that leads to the home . One of the castaway 's nieces made a heart-shaped decoration . It welcomes him home , and adds , "  May God bless you . " But the family was not exactly sure when to expect Alvarenga 's arrival . The government has not been in contact with them as his journey takes place . For Julia , a born-again Christian who attends the Iglesia Principe de Paz  Prince of Peace Church  , the survival story was an answer to her daily prayers . Castaway moved to undisclosed location to avoid media crush Three pictures of Julia Alvarenga 's son are among her most treasured possessions . One shows him the way he looked the last time he visited . A second one shows him holding his only daughter when she was 18 months old . But her favorite one was taken when he was only 6 months old , back in September 1977 . Julia and Ricardo Alvarenga have nine children , three of whom live in the Maryland area , and the rest in El Salvador , she said . Alvarenga 's mother , who helps the family by selling groceries out of a room in their cinder-block house on a dirt street , also made a personal family revelation . She says Jose Salvador Alvarenga last visited their home in Garita Palmera eight years ago . The only thing they knew about him all this time , Julia says , was that he was working as a fisherman somewhere in Mexico . For missing man 's mother , castaway 's survival story is tale of grief Jose had n't called his family since . "  He easily forgets about things , " she said . "  I would pray to my Lord Jesus Christ , ` You 're all-powerful , and you know what 's best . ' And that was the only hope I had all this time . I would pray to God , and I wo n't lie to you , I was crying ; but I never lost my faith , " Julia said . As she told her family story , a clucking chicken ate seeds while the family dog , aptly named Doggy , took a nap on a plastic chair . Ricardo Alvarenga , a 65-year-old farmer , agreed , adding they did n't know their son was lost at sea until the story of the castaway made the news and his picture was shown around the world . Some neighbors came to tell them about it . Even though their son has yet to return home , he 's already a celebrity in Garita Palmera and neighboring towns . Carlos Francisco Orozco , 46 , owner of a chicken restaurant , said he 's very proud of his fellow Salvadoran . "  He 's a hero for my country , " Orozco said . "  Not only a hero , but a Superman like  the character  on TV . He 's truly a hero . " Many wondered whether they would have been able to survive in a similar situation , but no one would openly cast any doubts on Alvarenga 's story . Alvaro Herrera , 38 , who owns a shoe store in neighboring Cara Sucia , said he also admires Alvarenga . "  I 'm telling you that he 's a man of great courage because of what he went through . God was with him because God is good and does good things , " Herrera said . At the Alvarenga home , Areli Barrera was also waiting for the castaway . She 's his former girlfriend and the mother of their 14-year-old daughter , Fatima . She politely avoided answering questions about Alvarenga , saying only that she 's glad he made it out alive . Fatima , who was not yet 6 the last time her father visited , said she remembers very little about him . "  I do n't know him , " she said . As for Julia , when asked what 's the first thing she 's going to do when she sees her son , she extended her arms around herself , the universal signal for a warm , heartfelt embrace .	It 's been an emotional time for the parents of castaway Jose Salvador Alvarenga His mother , Julia , said her son did n't keep up , and they did n't even know he was missing "  I would pray to God , and I wo n't lie to you , I was crying , " she says For the excited residents of his town in El Salvador , Alvarenga is a hero
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's former king said Wednesday he is not going to leave his country even though the monarchy has been abolished . Gyanendra came to power in 2001 following the assassination of King Birendra and his family . Ex-King Gyanendra , 60 , made remarks to reporters before departing the Narayanhiti royal palace in Kathmandu . He will live as a civilian in the former Himalayan kingdom that was made a republic last month , and he will reside in a summer palace on a forested hilltop outside the capital . A few hundred journalists crammed into the opulent palace 's lobby entrance to hear Gyanendra 's remarks . It was a chaotic and undeferential scene replete with pushing , shoving and scuffling -- even while the former monarch was speaking . While the former king spoke , reporters looked around at the lavish furnishings , including a huge crystal chandelier , stuffed tigers , stuffed rhino heads mounted on the walls and paintings of previous monarchs . Gyanendra , who expressed his "  love " for "  independent Nepal , " said all of his property will remain in the country and that he has no property outside the nation . "  I have no intention or thoughts to leave the country , " he said . "  I will stay in the country to help establish peace . " The monarchy 's end after 239 years of rule was the culmination of a two-year peace process in which Maoist insurgents in Nepal gave up their armed struggle , joined mainstream politics and won the most seats in April 's election for the Constituent Assembly . The assembly is tasked with rewriting the constitution , deciding the country 's future political system and governing the nation . Gyanendra , who noted that the country is going through a "  serious " stage now , said he accepts the new reality of a republic and reflected on the actions of the monarchy . "  I have done all I can to cooperate with  the government 's  directives , " he said , and added that "  the monarchy in Nepal has always been with the people of Nepal in good times and bad times . " Gyanendra came to power in 2001 when his brother , King Birendra , and his family were massacred in the palace by the crown prince , who later shot himself . Gyanendra on Wednesday denied rumors that he had played a role in that event . The ex-monarch also discussed events of 2005 , when he he took over the civilian government to take on the Maoist insurgency , an unpopular move that sparked protests . He said he hopes people "  understand " he did n't intend to infringe on any of the rights of the people . He left the palace by a side entrance with pro-royalists and pro-republicans gathered outside to see his departure . His car had to stop momentarily as journalists took pictures of him . Gyanendra 's royal scepter and a crown of peacock feathers , yak hair and jewels remain in the palace and have been handed over to the government . -- From CNN 's Dan Rivers and Manesh Shrestha	Former king will live as a civilian in a summer palace outside capital Gyanendra : Will stay in the country to help establish peace Left palace by side entrance while officials gathered outside to see his departure Assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution , deciding future political system
Rome  CNN  -- Italian President Giorgio Napolitano on Saturday dissolved the country 's parliament , following the resignation of Prime Minister Mario Monti . New elections will beheld on February 24-25 , according to a statement posted on the president 's website . Monti was appointed prime minister last year after the resignation of former premier Silvio Berlusconi . Monti has not indicated whether he will run in the new elections , while Berlusconi says he will . Monti resigned Friday after Parliament approved the budget . An economist and former European commissioner , Monti was appointed by Napolitano after Berlusconi stepped down under pressure for failing to control Italy 's debt and a series of scandals . Since then , international investors have displayed confidence in the country 's finances . Italy 's borrowing costs have fallen this year on Monti 's efforts to bring down borrowing and the improved sentiment generated by the European Central Bank 's conditional scheme to buy bonds of struggling sovereigns . Berlusconi has criticized Monti 's austerity policies as damaging to the country . Berlusconi 's party , the People of Freedom , is the largest in Parliament . Read more : Berlusconi , 76 , reveals plans to marry 27-year-old	Italy 's president has dissolved parliament The move follows the resignation of the prime minister New elections will be held in February
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Charlie Rangel 's journey from Harlem 's favorite son to politically embattled Washington insider to campaign victor is a saga that spans more than 40 years and is the type of tale that only seems possible in the soap opera-like world of inside the Beltway politics . Rangel 's comeback tale is as much a testament to his political savvy as it is the resiliency of the area he represents . "  One of the great things about Charlie Rangel is his longevity . And there are lots of people who see his ability to stay on the game as representative of Harlem , " said Mark Anthony Neal , an African-American studies professor at Duke University and author of "  New Black Man : Rethinking Black Masculinity . " "  The idea of Harlem always being on the ropes and being able to bounce back , that 's been the story of Rangel 's political career . " Rangel claimed victory Tuesday in the Democratic primary to represent a redrawn , largely Latino New York district , capping a tale of political survival for the lawmaker , whose House colleagues censured him for ethics violations after his re-election to his 21st term in 2010 . On Tuesday night , he offered relieved thanks to supporters at his campaign headquarters in New York after clinching the five-way race for the nomination in his Harlem-area district . The new 13th Congressional District stretches from East Harlem to the northwest Bronx . "  They 've had enough trust in me , they say , ` Rangel , we think you can do it . We want you on our team in the Bronx , ' " he said . "  And so I can tell everybody who do n't know this district or the Bronx , when I 'm walking the streets of the Bronx , I feel my district and the blood and the minds and the ambitions and the things that people want for their children . " Rangel netted about 45 % of the vote , compared with his closest rival , New York state Sen. Adriano Espaillat , who got about 40 % in the latest count . Rangel received 80 % of the vote in the 2010 primary . Espaillat , 57 , who would have been the first Dominican-American to serve in the House , used his background to court Latino votes and take aim at the 82-year-old Rangel over his long tenure in Washington and his ethics abuses . On Tuesday , Espaillat sent a note to supporters , thanking them and conceding the race . "  Though we did n't make it to the finish line tonight , the values we fought for and the communities we seek to improve will continue to light a fire in us , " he said . "  The truth is , even in coming a bit short , we made history . " Rangel knows about fighting . He grew up in poverty , was abandoned by his Puerto Rican father and lived with an aunt and uncle in the Bronx . The high school dropout enlisted in the Army and was awarded the Bronze Star for valor in the Korean War after he helped rescue 40 men trapped behind Chinese lines . After the war , he used the GI Bill of Rights to earn a degree from New York University and a law degree from St. John 's University . He served as an assistant U.S. attorney before being elected to the New York State Assembly in 1966 . Rangel began his long run in the U.S. House in 1970 when he defeated another flamboyant and beloved longtime Harlem politician , Rep. Adam Clayton Powell Jr. , in the Democratic primary . Years later , he defeated Powell 's son in the 2010 Democratic primary . But in his most recent contest , the congressman faced changing demographics and a redrawn district with more Latino-Americans than African-Americans , a shift that helped Espaillat . Though he now represents a district that is more heavily Latino , the African-American community 's traditionally higher voter turnout rates helped Rangel win , said David Wasserman , editor of House races for the Cook Political Report . "  His 2010 primary was more of a referendum on ethics . This was more a test of ethnic strength and a referendum on Rangel 's fitness for office , " Wasserman said . "  He delivered a more tenacious campaign closer to Election Day , and he was able to count on very loyal support to win a low-turnout primary . " Rangel , one-time chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , was censured by the lower chamber in 2010 after he was found guilty of ethics violations . He failed to pay income taxes for a rental unit in the Dominican Republic , filed misleading financial disclosure reports and set up his campaign office in a building where he lives , among other breaches . Pundits predicted an end to his political career at the time , pointing to previous ethics problems and the potential of redistricting after the 2010 census . "  The power of incumbency was on full display when Rep. Charlie Rangel won his primary on Tuesday , " said Thomas Schatz , president of Citizens Against Government Waste , a watchdog group . "  While Congress ' rating is in the single digits and several incumbents have lost primaries around the country , Rep. Rangel is still extremely popular in Harlem . His re-election is both a testament to his longevity and a reflection of his constituents , who clearly do n't seem to mind his ethical lapses . " Still , the dapper lawmaker has a core of ardent supporters . "  He is a consummate public servant , and public service is not easy whenever your life is open for constant scrutiny and everything you do is under a microscope , " said New York state Assemblyman Keith L.T. Wright , a co-chairman of the state Democratic Party . "  He 's from Harlem . We 've done nothing but have to fight for whatever we have to achieve . " In Congress , Rangel was among the leading voices in the fight against drug trafficking , pushed for low-income housing tax credits and authored legislation to support urban communities . He became the first African-American chairman of the powerful Ways and Means Committee after Democrats won control of the House in 2006 . He also helped create the Congressional Black Caucus , an organization that represents African-American members of Congress . Despite the new district lines and some recent health problems , Rangel fought hard to keep his seat , squaring off with his opponents in debates and taking them on during campaign stops . "  One of my opponents said that I got the idea that I 'm the only person that can do the job , that I 'm the smartest person in the world and no one is smart enough to do it . I said , ` That 's not so . I 'm just smarter than you , ' " Rangel said last week , according to CNN affiliate WCBS-TV . Rangel and Espaillat faced fellow Democrats Joyce Johnson , a business executive ; former Rangel intern Craig Schley ; and former Bill Clinton aide Clyde Williams to win control of the 13th Congressional District . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo endorsed Rangel on Friday , citing his decades of service and ability to "  bring things back to the state of New York . " However , New York 's three major daily newspapers each endorsed a different one of Rangel 's opponents , prompting a fierce defense from the New York City native . And on Tuesday , though a bit chastened by his tough political slog , he offered a bit of trademark spark . "  If  the newspaper editorial boards  did n't think , after 42 years , that I was the best qualified , I promise them in the next two years , they 'll have no question of the fact that you elected the best . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Charlie Rangel 's ability to fight off the ropes embodies area he represents , professor says The 21-term congressman faced changing demographics and a redrawn district Rangel was censured in 2010 after he was found guilty of ethics violations Pundits had predicted an end to his political career
Reykjavik , Iceland  CNN  -- Three stats tell part of the story . The United States -- one of the wealthiest nations on Earth -- has the second highest rate of childhood poverty in the rich world , according to UNICEF .  Only Romania fares worse . About one in five American kids is poor , according to Census Bureau data .  For a family of four , the poverty level is an income of no more than $ 23,834  . And , as of 2011 , 3.55 million live on less than $ 2 a day , according to a paper from researchers at the University of Michigan and Harvard University . I 'm on the road this month , however , to try to understand the human cost of child poverty in the United States . I 'll be meeting with families who are struggling to make ends meet ; talking to kids about what it 's like to be poor in a rich country ; and looking at the long-term consequences of allowing so many of our children to grow up amid financial turmoil . You can follow the trip on my Facebook and Instagram . Importantly , I 'll also be searching for solutions . To that end , my first stop is Iceland , where I landed this morning .  It 's 8:22 a.m. as I type this on a bus to Reykjavik , the capital , and the sun is nowhere to be seen , thanks to the extreme northern latitude .  It 's famous for its unpronounceable volcanoes and Bjork , but Iceland also has one of the lowest child poverty rates in the world . I 'm here to learn about several pioneering programs that aim to help poor kids -- and see what ideas America could steal . I 'll also make a trip to California 's Silicon Valley , home to Apple and Facebook -- and also to striking rates of child poverty . One in three kids in the valley is at risk for hunger , according to Caitlin Kerk , spokeswoman for the Second Harvest Food Bank in Silicon Valley . Sky-high rents -- more than $ 2,100 per month on average for a one-bedroom apartment -- make homelessness and food shortages shockingly common there , I 'm told . Some 200 people are reported to live in an encampment for homeless people in San Jose that everyone calls "  The Jungle . " Apparently , poverty is everywhere in America . And in some places it 's particularly extreme . In Detroit , for example , another of my planned stops , the rate nears 60 % . Child advocates and academics say we 've chosen to keep our poverty rate this high in the United States by rejecting policies that would help our kids and families succeed . "  There are a lot of things we can do for children that we 're not doing " in the United States , said Mary Hansen , an associate professor of economics at American University . "  We could dramatically reduce child poverty if we chose to , " Larry Aber , a professor of applied psychology at New York University , who has studies solutions to child poverty , told me . I 'm inclined to believe them . I ca n't think child poverty -- with its nasty outcomes , like prison time , low educational achievement and poor health -- is inevitable . But I 'll be testing that hypothesis this month . I 'd invite you to follow that journey on social media , and if you do , please , please ask questions and challenge my assumptions . You can help guide my reporting -- and the outcome of this project . CNN readers , after all , voted for me to report on child poverty as part of my Change the List project . This is the last of five issues you selected . Thanks in advance for your contributions . I 'll report back soon .	John Sutter is on the road reporting on child poverty He invites you to follow the trip on Facebook and Instagram Readers voted for him to cover this issue as part of the Change the List series The U.S. has the second-highest rate of child poverty among wealthy nations
