CNN  -- The success achieved by Portuguese soccer coach Jose Mourinho suggests that his players would not just run through a brick wall for him ; they 'd happily march through an obstacle course full of them to earn his respect . The self-proclaimed "  Special One " is the flamboyant manager of Italian champions Inter Milan who are currently on course to take the Serie A title for the fifth consecutive year . But if his current Inter squad love him , then his former Chelsea players adore him , after his successful stint at the club between 2004 and 2007 delivered their first English Premier League triumphs in over 50 years . England international and Chelsea stalwart Frank Lampard says of Mourinho : "  I love him as a man and as a manager . " The two sets of players collide in Europe 's most prestigious club competition -- the Champions League -- on Wednesday , when all eyes will be on the game 's ultimate touchline showman in his first competitive match against his old club . But how does Mourinho arouse such complete loyalty from his employees ? And is he everything a good boss should be ? He does and he is , according to sports psychologist Andy Barton . Respect "  Mourinho 's role with his players is the same as it should be in any office , " Barton told CNN . "  He is very , very supportive of them and treats them as equals . He knows he needs to focus people on what they do well , and then on what they need to do to improve . "  Sometimes in the workplace managers think it is all about being ruthless when that is the least effective way of doing things . Appraisals can turn into a long list of what employees do wrong . That does n't help at all ; it puts them in a negative mind set . "  But Mourinho will always look to turn a positive into a negative . If a team is 3-0 down at half time and the manager starts screaming about all the mistakes they 've made it is n't going to help . Instead he 'll focus on some of the things they are doing right , and then tell them how they can turn the game around . "  You have to be specific about what is required ; that way , the player or employee starts to build up a mental image of what is needed . A good manager is committed to trying to get the best out of an individual , and knowing how each member of staff ticks . Mourinho is a master at that . " Protection Barton says Mourinho is desperate to alleviate as much pressure as possible from his players , and is quite prepared to do something outrageous to shield them from criticism . Mourinho was hit with a three-game ban following a gesture he made during Saturday 's controversial 0-0 draw against Sampdoria . After two of his players were sent off Mourinho crossed his arms in the manner of being handcuffed -- a suggestion that Inter were being victimized by match officials . Previously this season , after another poor Inter performance , Mourinho leapt off the team coach to physically confront a journalist who he said had invaded his players ' space . The media uproar after the confrontation deflected attention from the bad result , and made sure he was the story instead . One of his players , Diego Milito , confirmed the success of this tactic in an interview with newspaper Gazzetta Dello Sport : "  There is no coach like him when it comes to sticking his neck out and defending everyone , that way reducing the tension within the team when things are n't going well . It 's no fluke that after a defeat , Inter gets straight back on its feet . That 's all thanks to Mourinho . " Self belief Underpinning Mourinho 's approach is an unwavering self belief that he transmits to his players , as Barton explained : "  Mourinho 's self belief is palpable and you can read it in everything -- his body language and how he speaks -- you know he has complete trust in his abilities and that gives his players confidence . "  He 's like a general on the touchline , commanding his troops and he explodes sometimes . He may do it heighten the opposition players arousal levels , to inspire in them an intense desire to beat him , and that can throw them off their game and affect their decision making . He very much makes it us against the world . " There is another intriguing subplot to the Inter versus Chelsea clash . The English side are now managed by Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti , who left Inter 's bitter rivals AC Milan this summer . A running battle between the pair erupted during their stint in opposite dugouts and it continued even after Ancelotti left for London . Mourinho has been quoted as saying : "  Ancelotti is no friend of mine . " The Italian replied by referring to his rival as "  His Mourinhity " in his autobiography . Mourinho often says inflammatory things about opposition players and managers before a big game but Barton says Mourinho may take a different approach in the build up to Wednesday 's crucial match . He told CNN : "  I do n't think he will be confrontational about his return clash against Chelsea because he has always professed his love for the club and the players he used to coach but he will make a few jibes about Ancelotti , and could try to undermine his position by talking about his own success at the club . "  The thing about Mourinho is that you do n't know what he 's going to do next but whatever it is it will be because he thinks it is beneficial to the team . Mourinho will definitely be looking forward to going back . He will thrive on the attention and will be happy to keep the pressure from his team . "	Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho inspires absolute loyalty in his players Inter face Mourinho 's old club , Chelsea , in the European Champions League Sports psychologist Andy Barton says Mourinho is an ideal boss Barton says Mourinho treats his players as equals to gain their respect
CNN  -- Britain and France are calling for an additional 3,000 United Nations troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo , where the U.N. already has its biggest peacekeeping mission , a senior British diplomat said Wednesday . A U.N. peacekeeper rides atop an armored vehicle last week in Goma , Democratic Republic of Congo . Mark Malloch-Brown , the British Foreign Office minister for Africa , the Middle East and the United Nations , announced a draft resolution on the troop increase while on a four-day mission to the war-torn Congo . Britain expects the U.N. Security Council to adopt the resolution by the end of the week , a spokeswoman for the British mission to the United Nations said . The resolution follows calls from the United Nations ' own peacekeeping experts , Human Rights Watch , and local human rights groups in Congo for more troops to support the 17,000 U.N. soldiers already there . A coalition of 44 organizations in eastern Congo wrote to the Security Council on Tuesday , pleading for more troops . "  This would help to prevent the atrocities that continue to be committed against civilians on an ever greater scale here in North Kivu -LSB- province -RSB- , on the border of Rwanda and Uganda , " the coalition wrote . Fighting between government forces , allied militias and rebels under the command of Laurent Nkunda has forced an estimated 250,000 people to flee their homes since August . "  Since August 28 , fighting has intensified in many areas , causing deaths , rapes , lootings , forced recruitment and further displacements of civilian populations , " the local coalition wrote . "  The population has thus been immersed in unspeakable suffering . In the last few days , fighting has drawn closer to large populated areas , such as the town of Goma . Fighting has also invaded and torn apart the region of Rutshuru , particularly in the town of Kiwanja , where hundreds of civilian deaths have now been recorded . " The letter echoes concerns expressed by the British aid group Oxfam last week . "  The world is failing in its responsibility to protect the Congo 's innocent civilians , " Juliette Prodhan , the head of Oxfam in Congo , said in a statement released November 13 . Watch international efforts to avoid a health catastrophe in Congo " "  There has been an increase in incidents of forced labor , rape and widespread brutality , according to assessments carried out by international agency Oxfam over the past week , as armed men from all sides prey upon those who have sought ` sanctuary ' from the fighting in North Kivu " province , she said . Another aid group , World Vision , says the conflict in the African country is the deadliest since World War II . The country has been at war since 1997 . "  The last decade of conflict has resulted in some 4 million deaths ; an estimated 1,200 people die every day due to ongoing epidemics and war-related causes ; some aid agencies estimate upward of 1,400 deaths per day , " World Vision said in a statement . The local groups in Congo specifically requested help from the European Union , which can deploy military units faster than the United Nations can . Georgette Gagnon , the executive director for the Africa division of Human Rights Watch , said she also would like to see the European Union send troops . "  Our concern is that it is going to take three months -LSB- for the United Nations -RSB- to get anybody on the ground , " she said . "  Our request is for the EU to send a bridging force . The EU has done this in the past for the Congo , and they have the capacity to get people on the ground within two weeks . " The "  goal would be provide civilian protection , to do patrols and other things that would prevent looting , pillaging and raping by either the Congolese troops -- which are doing this -- or the rebel group , " she said . The European Union has not announced plans to send troops to police the conflict . A spokeswoman for the British mission to the United Nations said London is "  not ruling in or out EU forces , " instead focusing on strengthening the U.N. presence in eastern Congo .	Peacekeeping mission in Democratic Republic of Congo is already U.N. 's largest Britain , France call for 3,000 more U.N. troops in Congo Human rights groups in Congo also have been calling for more troops there Fighting in Congo has caused about 250,000 people to flee homes since August
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hollywood will produce at least two versions of the controversial story of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Fox Searchlight Pictures confirmed Wednesday that it will make a movie based on the 2012 Rolling Stone article "  America 's Last Prisoner of War . " The announcement came a day after the Oscar-winning team of director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal revealed they would make a film about Bergdahl , the American soldier who recently returned to the United States after five years as a prisoner of the Taliban in Afghanistan . ` Hurt Locker ' team to take on Bergdahl story The Fox Searchlight film will be written and directed by Todd Field , best known for his Oscar-nominated movies "  In the Bedroom " and "  Little Children , " studio spokesman Russell Nelson said . Bergdahl and his family have not given up any of their life rights for the screenplay , Nelson said . But journalist Michael Hastings , who was killed in a Los Angeles car crash a year ago , had close access to Bergdahl 's parents when he wrote the Rolling Stone article . Bigelow and Boal teamed up on the Iraq war film "  The Hurt Locker , " which won six Oscars , and the Osama bin Laden search movie "  Zero Dark Thirty , " which earned one Oscar . Army general to start investigating how , why Bowe Bergdahl left base Bergdahl went missing from his post in Afghanistan 's Paktika province in June 2009 . He was released to U.S. forces on May 31 in a controversial trade for five Taliban figures who had been held at the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after Bergdahl 's disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official has told CNN . Bowe Bergdahl : Strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say CNN 's Lorenza Brascia and Todd Leopold contributed to this report	Fox Searchlight 's film will be based on Rolling Stone 's "  America 's Last Prisoner of War " Writer and director Todd Field is best known for "  In the Bedroom " and "  Little Children " "  Hurt Locker , " "  Zero Dark Thirty " director Kathryn Bigelow is also working on a Bergdahl film Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was released after five years in captivity in Afghanistan
CNN Student News  -- November 19 , 2014 A terrorist attack in the city of Jerusalem leads off our coverage this Wednesday . We 're also reporting on a recession in Japan that could have an effect on the global economy . Our series on affording the cost of college continues with a look at skill-specific programs : What are they , and do they offer value ? And we 'll show you a skateboarding legend take on a hoverboard . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Guangzhou , China  CNN  -- In a new book , the half brother of President Obama claims the father they shared was often drunk and physically abusive . "  My father beat me , " Mark Obama Ndesandjo told reporters in China , where he lives . "  He beat my mother . You just do not do that . I shut these thoughts in the back of my mind for many years . " Ndesandjo , who took the last name of the man his mother remarried , has dodged the media in the year since his half brother was elected U.S. president . However , he spoke out Wednesday regarding his semi-autobiographical book , "  Nairobi to Shenzhen . " An engineer by trade , Ndesandjo moved to Shenzhen , China , after losing his job in the United States seven years ago . He owns a small chain of restaurants in Shenzhen and teaches piano to orphans . Watch as the president 's half brother instructs kids on the piano He said that he struggled with the name Obama for years , telling few about his family . But he said something happened to change that after he watched Obama 's victory celebration in Chicago , Illinois ' Grant Park following the 2008 election . His own despair turned into hope , he said . "  I saw millions of people who loved or supported my brother Barack , and in the process , in some weird way , I came to terms with many things that I had shut out of my life , including the Obama name , " he said . In his book , "  Dreams of My Father : A Story of Race and Inheritance , " Obama writes that he grew up in Hawaii , raised by his mother and her parents , after his father , Barack Obama Sr. , returned to Africa . He recalls a monthlong visit with his father when he was 10 and going to Kenya after the elder Obama 's death . In the book , Obama acknowledges his father was an alcoholic . There was no immediate reaction from the White House to Ndesandjo 's comments . Ndesandjo said he has met with Obama infrequently over the years but said he would like to introduce his half brother to his Chinese wife when Obama makes his first official visit to China this month . Presidential brothers , such as Billy Carter and Roger Clinton Jr. , historically have not had an easy ride . However , Ndesandjo said he wants to live his life and tell his own story , not have others tell it for him . CNN 's John Vause contributed to this report .	Mark Obama Ndesandjo is President Obama 's half brother In a new book , Ndesandjo says their father was abusive "  My father beat me , " he tells reporters in China President has said in earlier book that his father was an alcoholic
CNN  "  Transformers " may not do well at the Oscars , but the Razzies love movies about the Earth-destroying contraptions . "  Transformers : Age of Extinction , " the fourth chapter in Michael Bay 's ear-splitting explosion-fest , led all films with seven Golden Raspberry Award nominations , which go out to the worst films and performances of the year . Bay received a nomination for worst director , and the film picked up nominations for worst screenplay , worst supporting actor  Kelsey Grammer , a nod that also lumped in his performances in "  The Expendables 3 , " "  Legends of Oz " and "  Think Like a Man Too "  and worst screen combo  "  any two robots , actors or robotic actors "  . It 's not the first time a "  Transformers " has vied for the top -- or bottom -- spot . "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon " was nominated for worst picture of 2011 , and "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen " won the big prize as 2009 's bottom of the cinematic barrel . Close behind "  Age of Extinction "  styled "  Age of Ex-STINK-tion " in the news release  were "  Kirk Cameron 's Saving Christmas " and "  The Legend of Hercules , " both of which received six nominations . Cameron , the former "  Growing Pains " star , received a worst actor and worst screen combo nomination . The latter went to "  Kirk Cameron & His Ego . " Also doing well : Seth MacFarlane , who was nominated for worst actor and worst screen combo  with Charlize Theron  for his "  A Million Ways to Die in the West . " The Razzies are trying to be forgiving this year , however . There 's a new category , the Razzie Redeemer Award , for former winners who have gone on to better things . This year 's nominees are Ben Affleck , Jennifer Aniston , Mike Myers , Keanu Reeves and Kristen Stewart . The Razzies are chosen by 757 members of the Golden Raspberry Awards Foundation . However , the Razzie Redeemer Award will be open to voting by the public through RottenTomatoes.com . The awards ceremony will be held February 21 -- the night before the Oscars -- at Hollywood 's Montalban Theatre .	"  Transformers : Age of Extinction " has seven Razzie nominations Kirk Cameron is nominated for worst screen combo with "  his ego "
Budget Travel  -- Baggage fees do n't have to be a fait accompli . If you arm yourself with the right lightweight carry-ons  plus a few smart supplements  , you 'll be able to bring more on board -- and you might even skirt that two-bag limit . FOR FAMILY FLIERS Roller : Leave it to Jeep to design a rugged piece of luggage . Made from the same sturdy plastic as the company 's car parts , the 20-inch Battalion bag can take whatever the kids dish out . ebags.com , $ 200 . Tote : The grown-up pattern of LeSportsac 's ripstop-nylon Ryan Baby Bag ensures it will be your go-to shoulder bag long after you 've survived the terrible twos . lesportsac.com , $ 128 . Budget Travel : The coolest small towns in America Kiddy roller : A frog-shaped Ecogear Ecozoo roller should inspire Junior to pull his own weight  at least down the jetway .  ecogear-products . com , $ 50 . FOR AIR-TRAVEL AFICIONADOS Roller : Delsey 's new 21-inch Helium Fusion Lite 2.0 delivers in all the right ways : It 's light all right -- just over nine pounds -- travels on inline-skate wheels , and can expand by two inches . macys.com , $ 90 . Budget Travel : World 's weirdest hotels Laptop case : For all it 's built to hold  a laptop , power cords , a mouse , and file folders ,  it 's a wonder Case Logic 's 14.5-inch nylon Laptop Attaché does n't cast a bulkier shadow . caselogic.com , $ 30 . Backpack : The Reisenthel Mini Maxi rucksack zips into a wallet-size pouch that you can tuck into your suitcase for later use . reuseit.com , $ 18 . Budget Travel : The world 's most amazing hotel pools Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	For $ 90 you can get Delsey 's Helium Fusion Lite 2.0 , weighing in at just over nine pounds LeSportsac 's Ryan Baby Bag will be your go-to bag long after you 've survived the terrible twos Reisenthel Mini Maxi zips into a wallet-size pouch you can tuck into your suitcase for later use
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Authorities in Aruba say they 're looking into new evidence that could lead to an arrest 3 1/2 years after Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway disappeared on a senior class trip to the island . Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway disappeared while on vacation in Aruba with classmates in 2005 . Aruban police are investigating two new tips they hope will provide the corroborating evidence they need to make an arrest , lead prosecutor Hans Mos told CNN . He would not discuss details but said police again consider Dutch student Joran van der Sloot to be the prime suspect in Holloway 's disappearance . A new witness has emerged , authorities say , who can place van der Sloot and his father , Paulus van der Sloot , near a pond on the island at 4 a.m. on the day Holloway vanished . The witness told authorities he saw a young man , wet from the chest down and wearing only one shoe , running along a road from the pond to a fast-food restaurant . The witness said he saw the young man and an older man driving slowly down the road in a red Jeep about 10 minutes later . The pond was not among those searched in the early stages of the investigation , Mos said . A second witness , a former girlfriend of Joran van der Sloot , also told police he made suspicious-sounding comments while they were on the beach . The witness , publicly known only as Celes , told police van der Sloot said : "  Who knows ? You may now be on the beach with someone who is able to get rid of a corpse . " Watch the latest developments in the case " In addition , Mos said , two other witnesses have come forward . He declined to discuss those witnesses , other than to say he is hopeful the case can be solved . "  We are hoping to make a decision by the end of this year or early next year as to whether we will re-arrest -LSB- the younger -RSB- van der Sloot or not , " Mos told CNN . Also key to the investigation , Mos added , is a Dutch journalist Peter De Vries ' videotaped interview with van der Sloot . In the interview , van der Sloot acknowledges a friend helped him get rid of her body . Read how van der Sloot "  lost no sleep " over Holloway Mos said he is confident that the tape , which he characterizes as a confession , is admissible in court . With the new tips and new witnesses whose testimony impeaches earlier statements by van der Sloot and his father , Mos said he might have enough evidence to solve the mystery of what happened to Holloway . The elder van der Sloot has told police he was at home , asleep in bed until 7 a.m. on the night in question . And , Joran van der Sloot has never been able to explain what happened to his tennis shoes , Mos said . Holloway 's father , Dave , said the new developments caught him by surprise . "  Well , I really hope it 's true , because they even have Joran on tape confessing , and I do n't know what could be better than that , " he said . Van der Sloot 's family and attorney did not return phone calls . Natalee Holloway , 19 , a senior at Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama , was a vibrant member of the school band 's dance team , "  The Dorians , " which is similar to the "  Rockettes . " She was a straight-A student who planned to study pre-medicine at the University of Alabama . She vanished in May 2005 while on her senior class trip to the island . She was last seen at the popular night club Carlos 'n Charlie 's early on the morning her class was due to fly home . Her disappearance became the subject of a high-profile search and a massive media frenzy . Holloway family members and friends organized volunteer search efforts in Aruba that went on for months . Early missteps cost investigators valuable time and evidence . Police at first mistakenly arrested two men who had nothing to do with Holloway 's disappearance . And , investigators initially ignored information from witnesses pointing to the three young men last seen with Holloway that night . When Joran van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe were arrested , they told conflicting stories . By that time , verifiable facts were hard to come by . Van der Sloot is a member of a prominent Dutch family in Aruba . At the time of Holloway 's disappearance , his father was a judge in training . Joran van der Sloot and the brothers Kalpoe were arrested and let go twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance . While they were in jail , police and prosecutors sought corroborating evidence to piece together a motive and theory . They were not successful . Late last year , authorities closed the case without bringing any charges . "  We simply did not yet have the corroborating evidence to take this to trial and win a conviction , " prosecutor Mos told CNN . "  If we had a body even to determine cause of death , then we could piece some thing together . " In February , the videotape of van der Sloot 's taped admission surfaced on Dutch television . De Vries , a famed Dutch journalist , set up a hidden camera capturing van der Sloot talking about Holloway 's last moments and how her body was disposed of "  like an old rag . " Since then , De Vries has set up another on-camera sting . It aired last week , showing van der Sloot meeting with undercover reporters who posed as Dutch sex industry bosses looking for Thai prostitutes to recruit to the Netherlands as sex slaves . In the tape , van der Sloot allegedly promises to supply Thai girls for prostitution in Holland and accepts 1,000 Euros as advance payment for his services . Apparently van der Sloot left the Netherlands late last year and has been living in Thailand for the last few months as a student . His whereabouts right now are unknown , but Aruban authorities are grateful for the tips that the Dutch documentaries have generated . They hope the tips will bring them closer to a resolution in the disappearance of Natalee Holloway .	Aruban prosecutor says new evidence has surfaced in Holloway case Several new witnesses have come forward since televised interview Holloway disappeared while on senior class trip to Aruba in May 2005 Have information ? Call Aruban prosecutor : 011-297-521-4100
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- In Barcelona , you 'll find a contemporary Olympic stadium , ancient Roman columns and chimneys that look like space aliens . The capital of the Spanish region of Catalonia has reinvented itself a number of times . But it seems to hold a special place for both its medieval and moderniste sides . While planning my first visit to the city , I was certain I would be most interested in exploring the Ciutat Vella , Barcelona 's old city , with its narrow streets and centuries-old churches . But I also had every intention to follow the tourist checklist , and visit a few of the Catalan modernist buildings for which the city is well known . Modernisme , or Catalan modernism , is a cultural movement that took hold in Barcelona in the late 1800s , encompassing Art Nouveau and other artistic styles . Its followers embraced asymmetry , bright colors and curving lines . But from pictures I saw before my trip , the style did n't seem nearly as appealing as Barcelona 's medieval masterpieces . The old city was enchanting , especially the Barri Gotic , or gothic quarter . Local school kids ' voices echoed in an ancient square , as my husband and I meandered through a maze of cobblestone streets , walled with medieval palaces and churches . There are antique shops , where collectors can find anything from teacups to old posters , and on the weekends local artists hawk their wares at open-air markets in some of the larger squares . There are plenty of restaurants and cafes for tapas , sangria and people-watching . Tourists pass with their noses in guidebooks , while locals walk quickly , seemingly unaware of the splendor surrounding them . If the old city made us feel a bit claustrophobic , a stroll up Passeig de Gracia was the cure . The wide street is the main boulevard leading through L'Eixample , the extension to the city built in the mid-1800s . In the midst of chic shops and restaurants are some breathtaking examples of Catalan modernist architecture . L'Eixample was built as Barcelona was starting to thrive as an economic center in a way it had n't since the Middle Ages . The showy moderniste style took shape as successful entrepreneurs commissioned elaborate villas . Architects employed contemporary materials like glass , ceramic and iron , but also drew inspiration from Romanesque and Catalan Gothic styles . I learned to appreciate Catalan modernism as soon as I caught sight of Casa Batllo , a large home designed by Antoni Gaudi , perhaps the most famous moderniste architect . Its colorful exterior sparkles with bits of broken glass , the curving rooftop is covered in a rainbow of scales , and the rounded balconies seem to be shaped out of bone . Gaudi was a pioneer of Catalan modernism . He drew inspiration from nature , and his distinctive style featured bold shapes and colors . He created many of Barcelona 's greatest tourist attractions , including another eye-catching work on Passeig de Gracia , a large apartment building called Casa Mila . Its undulating exterior is made of natural-colored stone , and does n't feature a single straight line . The one-of-a-kind façade is accented with twisting iron balconies . But the most interesting feature has to be the rooftop -- a surreal landscape of peaks and valleys , where tourists pose for photos in front of chimneys that look like something between masked warriors and space aliens . Even the tiles that make up the sidewalks on Passeig de Gracia feature a reproduction of a swirling design by Gaudi . The rounded street benches and ornate iron lampposts keep with the theme . A study in contrasts A trip to Barcelona would n't be complete without visiting its array of churches . The city 's houses of worship capture both the medieval and Catalan modernist styles . Towering over the old city is Barcelona 's cathedral , an imposing example of a medieval European church . The exterior features spires , gargoyles and a grand entranceway of concentric arches . Inside it 's large , yet peaceful . The vaulted ceilings , delicately detailed stained glass , and elaborate woodcarvings inspire quiet contemplation . About two-dozen gilded side chapels tell stories of martyrs and saints . The adjacent cloister is a peaceful oasis , featuring palm trees , a mossy pond and a flock of geese . While the cathedral is ornate and overwhelming , the nearby basilica , Santa Maria del Mar , is simpler . Built in just over 50 years in the 14th century , the church is considered the finest surviving example of the pure Catalan Gothic style . Inside , the soaring columns and window after window of stained glass , even the rose window , somehow seem elegantly understated . My favorite features were the ominous skulls and crossbones on the floor , marking burial sites . The gothic interior of the Santa Maria del Mar is said to have inspired the design of another church that 's a short subway trip away , though worlds distant -- Gaudi 's masterpiece , the Sagrada Familia . I have to admit that , viewing it from a distance , I could see why some consider it an eyesore . But up close , and with the help of the provided audio guide , I learned to appreciate the religious symbolism that completely coats its outdoor facades . All skepticism slipped away once I stepped inside . Sunlight casts a rainbow through the multi-colored stained glass windows , and gothic columns seem to grow up and up to the towering ceiling , where they branch out like trees . Nearly 130 years after the project broke ground , construction cranes still loom over its towers . It 's hoped the church will be complete by the 100th anniversary of Gaudi 's death , in 2026 . Meanwhile , Pope Benedict XVI consecrated it as a basilica last November . It 's a spiritual place , but in a way that 's completely different from Barcelona 's medieval churches . Instead of dark and solemn , the Sagrada Familia is bright and even cheerful , a celebration of nature and devotion . For fans of Catalan modernism there is much more to see . Barcelona 's Centre de Modernisme offers a guidebook featuring 115 buildings on a "  modernisme route . " If you ca n't get enough of the medieval , visit Barcelona 's Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya . It 's most famous for its one-of-a-kind collection of Romanesque art , dating back to the 11th century . The works were mostly salvaged from churches in the Pyrenees . Barcelona 's rich history ca n't be fully appreciated by just visiting moderniste and medieval sites , but in a city with so much to experience , it 's a great place to start .	Modernisme , or Catalan modernism , emerged in the late 1800s in Barcelona The city 's medieval structures contrast sharply with its moderniste landmarks Architect Antoni Gaudi 's works are highlights of Catalan modernism
CNN  -- Tiger Woods will be reunited with his former caddy at next week 's U.S. Open after the world 's top three golfers were paired together in the opening two rounds in Pennsylvania . The dream trio of Woods , Rory McIlroy and Masters winner Adam Scott will tee off from the first hole at the Merion Golf Club on Thursday at 1:14 p.m. local time and then at 7:44 a.m. on the 11th hole on Friday , the United States Golf Association said . It prompted the slumping McIlroy to take to twitter , writing "  Decent group for the first 2 rounds at Merion I see ... " Woods split with his caddy , Steve Williams , in 2011 in a move that left the New Zealander in "  shock . " Williams was beside Woods for 13 of his 14 major titles but now works with Scott . Williams later in 2011 apologized for making a racist remark aimed at Woods and this year reportedly said Woods should have been disqualified for an illegal drop at the Masters . There 's more intrigue because Woods is firmly against anchored putting -- while anchored putting helped Scott claim his first major at Augusta in April . Last month , golf 's governing bodies ruled that the use of anchored putters will be banned from 2016 . Although he is the world No. 1 , Woods has n't won a major since the 2008 U.S. Open . World No. 2 McIlroy , meanwhile , missed the cut at last month 's PGA Championship in Wentworth , England , the flagship event on the European Tour . He barely made the cut at last week 's Memorial in Ohio .	Tiger Woods , Rory McIlroy and Adam Scott tee off together at next week 's U.S. Open Steve Williams , alongside Woods for 13 of his majors , now caddies for Scott World No. 1 Woods is bidding to win his first major since the U.S. Open in 2008
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least four people were killed and more than a hundred injured in fresh violence in Bangladesh as the Islamist groups clashed with police near the capital , Dhaka , on Sunday , police said . "  We 've confirmed four deaths in Singair of Manikganj so far , " district police chief Mohammad Ali Mia told CNN . Manikganj district is 60 kilometers  about 37 miles  west of Dhaka . Police said Sunday was largely peaceful across Bangladesh except in Manikganj , where several thousand Islamists took to the streets and attacked police with lethal weapons and firearms . Police fired nearly 300 gunshots and 50 tear-gas shells in a bid to disperse the angry mob who gathered there after an imam of a local mosque used a loudspeaker to ask them to rally against bloggers they accused of insulting the Prophet Mohammed , calling them anti-Islamic elements . Mia said that 21 police officers were injured , including the officer-in-charge of a local police station , Liaquat Ali . Meanwhile in Dhaka , hundreds of protesters in the city 's Shahbagh Square took to the street and brought out a procession rejecting the strike called by Islamist groups on Sunday . A coalition of 12 Islamist parties enforced a general strike across Bangladesh on Sunday to protest the killing of four of its supporters when police fired during a blasphemy protest on Friday . In a recent spate of violence , at least 24 people have been killed in less than three weeks in response to a war crimes trial verdict announced on February 5 that sentenced a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party leader Abdul Quader Mollah to life imprisonment . Tens of thousands of people , mostly young , occupied Dhaka 's Shahbagh Square immediately and demanded death penalty for those involved in wartime crimes perpetrated more than four decades ago , while Jamaat called a series of strikes demanding that the trial process be dismissed and calling it "  politically motivated . "	Four killed , scores hurt , including 21 police officers , in protests near capital Islamists call general strike in Bangladesh ; Dhaka protesters object The protests began with a war crimes trial verdict issued on February 5
If you want to drive on Mars , you are going to need a very large sand pit to prepare . Engineers for Airbus Defence and Space in the UK have done just that , building what they call a "  Mars Yard " just outside London at a cost of about # 500,000  $ 832,000  . It contains 300 tons of sand  about 660,000 lbs  , which has been matched to the color measured by NASA 's rovers . Even the light levels inside the facility have been adjusted to mimic those on the Red Planet . The idea is to replicate some of the Martian environment so the European Space Agency  ESA  can test a future rover they hope will autonomously navigate the surface . ESA is planning two missions as part of its ExoMars program to shed more light on whether Mars could ever have supported life and in preparation for a possible sample return in the 2020s . An orbiter and prototype lander is due to launch in January 2016 and a rover is planned to follow in 2018 . Scientists on the ground want the rover to be able to calculate its own safe route to an object and they say building the Mars Yard will help them prepare . "  It takes 20 minutes for a signal to reach Mars which is too slow for good control from the Earth , " said Justin Byrne , head of Earth observation and science at Airbus Defence and Space . "  This way the rover can get itself out of trouble . "  We are going to Mars to look for signs of life -- and this is an important step towards that goal , " he said . Airbus says the Mars Yard will be used up until launch but also kept available after the rover has landed in 2019 so that any potential problems can be simulated and solved back at the facility . The European agency 's return to Mars comes more than a decade after its last attempt to land . ESA 's Mars Express is still in orbit around the Red Planet and has been sending back data for 10 years . It recently made a close flyby of the Mars moon Phobos with the aim of finding out more about its mass and interior structure . But its lander , Beagle 2 , which was intended to search for evidence of life on Mars , was lost on Christmas Day 2003 after it failed to make contact with the orbiter . Exploring Mars is a tough challenge . Many missions have failed since the earliest attempts at landing . A Soviet probe made the first human impact when its lander crashed in 1971 . But since then , a series of NASA rovers have provided a wealth of information about the hostile Martian environment . Curiosity has been analyzing samples scooped from the soil and drilled from rocks since landing in 2012 . And Opportunity has traveled abound 40km  24 miles  and returned data from the Red Planet for more than a decade . Two more spacecraft are currently en route to the planet . India 's Mars Orbiter Mission and NASA 's MAVEN orbiter are due to reach their target in September this year . INTERACTIVE : Explore key missions to Mars	Some of the Martian environment is being replicated to help test a future rover The European Space Agency is planning missions for 2016 and 2018 The "  Mars Yard " will be used up until launch but kept available after a rover has landed in 2019 Two spacecraft are currently en route to the Red Planet
Tunis  CNN  The bodies of four Italian tourists slain in a terror attack on Tunisia 's Bardo Museum three days ago arrived back in Italy on Saturday , an official with the Tunis Crisis Center told CNN , but 14 victims ' remains still lie in the morgue . As Tunisia gets back on its feet , the investigation into Wednesday 's shooting at the Tunis landmark continues . Most of the 23 victims were foreigners , making the process of identification more complicated . Nineteen of them were tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in Tunis . French , Spanish , Italian , British , Japanese , Russian and Colombian citizens are among those to have been formally identified so far . The bodies of the Italians were met in Rome by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , who paid his respects to the victims and their families in a brief ceremony . Eleven people who were injured in the attack remained in the hospital in Tunisia on Saturday , the official at the Tunis Crisis Center said . Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid identified two suspects in the attack , Yassine Labidi and Saber Khachnaou , in an interview with French radio station RTL on Thursday , though it was n't immediately clear if they were the pair killed at the museum by Tunisian security forces . He said Yassine was "  known to the security services , he was flagged and monitored , " but not known or being followed for anything special . Authorities have arrested nine people in connection with the attack , including four directly linked to it , according to a statement from Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi . An uncle of Yassine Labidi , Abeld Malik Labidi , told CNN on Friday that no one he knew had seen any signs of extremism in his 26-year-old nephew . But he said Yassine Labidi was one of the two gunmen killed at the museum . "  It 's true that Yassine carried out this terrorist attack , he was killed ; his head , his body , we do n't have it back , " he said . But , he said , he believed Yassine and other young Tunisians like him were also victims of terrorism -- of the recruiters who paid them money , organized the logistics and took them to places like Syria and Libya to train as fighters . He had known his nephew well , he said . "  After the revolution of 2011 he started to pray , before he would drink beers from time to time , like a young Tunisian . He was n't extreme in any way . " The only thing that raised questions was that Yassine had disappeared for about a month , he said . Although his nephew said he 'd gone to the Tunisian city of Sfax to work , his family now suspected he had been in Libya because of the phone numbers he called from . "  When he came back his behavior was the same : he was still himself , calm , serious . Nobody noticed anything , even the neighbors I spoke to , " said Abeld Malik Labidi . "  He said hello to everyone , he prayed , he took his coffee , even on the day of the attack he took his coffee with his family and went to work . " Abeld Malik Labidi said Yassine 's father , sister and brother had undergone lengthy interrogations by anti-terror police since the attack . Officers had seized his nephew 's computer and phone , as well as taking samples of his fingerprints , he said . A cousin of Yassine , who asked not to be named , told CNN that the family was shocked by what had happened . "  We are all shocked , we lost someone even if what he did was wrong , may God forgive him . Those he killed were innocent , why would you go and harm Australians or Japanese ... our Islam does n't mention about killing people , Islam has never been this , " he said . He also said he had no idea how his cousin had been radicalized , saying he was "  a normal Tunisian guy ... but not an extremist . " Security Minister Rafik Chelly said on Friday that the two extremists who attacked the museum got weapons training at camps in Libya . The suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , he said . He did not say which group activated them , or with whom they trained . "  They left the country illegally last December for Libya , and they were able to train with weapons there , " he told private broadcaster AlHiwar Ettounsi TV . Like Tunisia , Libya saw its longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi ousted during the regional wave of revolutions known as the Arab Spring . But unlike its neighbor to the west , Libya has been fraught with more instability and violence -- much of it perpetrated by Islamist militants . In an audio message posted online Thursday , ISIS claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's attack , which it said targeted "  crusaders and apostates " with "  automatic weapons and hand grenades . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . That bloodshed is "  just the start , " the ISIS message warned -- a threat that may or may not be hollow , but nonetheless adds extra urgency for Tunisian investigators . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza reported from Tunis and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Radina Gigova and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The bodies of four Italian tourists killed in Tunis are returned to Italy The uncle and cousin of one of the suspected gunmen say they had no idea he had been radicalized
CNN  -- Britain 's electronic intelligence agency monitored delegates ' phones and tried to capture their passwords during an economic summit held there in 2009 , the Guardian newspaper reported Sunday . The targets included British allies such as Turkey and South Africa , the newspaper reported . The Guardian cited documents provided by Edward Snowden , the American computer analyst now spilling secrets of the U.S. intelligence community . The latest report was published on the eve of another economic summit hosted by the British government -- the Group of Eight economic summit in Northern Ireland . According to the newspaper , the documents show that the British signals intelligence agency GCHQ used "  ground-breaking intelligence capabilities " to intercept calls made by members of the larger G-20 conference delegations at meetings in London . Analysts received round-the-clock summaries of calls that were being made , and GCHQ set up Internet cafes for delegates in hopes of intercepting e-mails and capturing keystrokes , the Guardian reported . One briefing slide explained that would give intelligence agencies the ability to read delegates ' e-mails "  before/as they do , " providing "  sustained intelligence options against them even after conference has finished . " Bigger threat : Snowden or NSA ? GCHQ is Britain 's equivalent of the National Security Agency , the highly secretive U.S. communications intelligence service . The Guardian reported that the NSA had attempted to eavesdrop on then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev during the conference as his phone calls passed through satellite links to Moscow and briefed its British counterparts on the effects . Snowden , 29 , worked for the NSA through a private contractor firm until May , when he decamped to Hong Kong . He went public a week ago as the source of articles by the Guardian and The Washington Post , saying the NSA 's efforts posed "  an existential threat to democracy . " Shawn Turner , a spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , said Sunday he was aware of the Guardian 's latest report but declined to comment on it . "  What we should be focused on is how irresponsible and egregious these recent leaks are , " he told CNN . "  It 's impossible to know exactly how much damage is being done by these disclosures , but they will have an effect on our counterterrorism efforts . " Snowden 's revelations about the NSA 's collection of millions of records from U.S. telecommunications and technology firms have led to a furious debate within the United States about the scale and scope of surveillance programs that date to the days after the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington . Defenders say the programs -- approved by Congress after a warrantless surveillance effort under the Bush administration was revealed in 2005 -- have protected American lives by helping agents break up terrorism plots . Cheney defends NSA , calls Obama 's credibility ` nonexistent ' Retired Gen. Michael Hayden , a former NSA director , told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS that what the agency collects are "  essentially billing records " that detail the time , duration and number of a phone call . The records are added to a database that agents can query in cases involving a terror investigation overseas , and agents ca n't eavesdrop on Americans ' calls without an order from a secret court that handles intelligence matters , he said . If a phone number related to that investigation has links to a domestic phone number , "  We 've got to go back to the court , " he said . But critics such as Sen. Mark Udall , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , had raised questions about the scale of the program even before Snowden 's leak . Udall told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday that he does n't believe the program is making Americans any safer , "  and I think it 's ultimately , perhaps , a violation of the Fourth Amendment . " "  I think we owe it to the American people to have a fulsome debate in the open about the extent of these programs , " said Udall , D-Colorado . "  You have a law that 's been interpreted secretly by a secret court that then issues secret orders to generate a secret program . I just do n't think this is an American approach to a world in which we have great threats . " But President Barack Obama does not feel that he has violated the privacy of any American , his chief of staff , Denis McDonough , told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " McDonough said the president will discuss the need to "  find the right balance , especially in this new situation where we find ourselves with all of us reliant on Internet , on e-mail , on texting . " Shortly after the stories broke , Obama publicly defended the NSA programs as "  modest encroachments on privacy " that help prevent terrorism . CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Britain tried to spy on G-20 delegates in 2009 , the Guardian reports The report was published a day before the G-8 summit in Northern Ireland It 's the latest revelation based on documents from NSA leaker Edward Snowden Senator questions whether NSA surveillance is "  an American approach "
London  CNN  British former pop star Gary Glitter has been found guilty of child sex abuse for crimes he committed more than three decades ago . The 70-year-old Glitter , whose real name is Paul Gadd , was convicted Thursday of one count of attempted rape of a girl under the age of 13 , one count of having sex with a girl under the age of 13 , and four counts of indecent assault against girls , two aged under 13 and two aged under 16 . The six offenses were committed against three victims between 1975 and 1980 . Glitter is due to be sentenced on February 27 . Glitter was known as a "  glam rocker " in the 1970s for his flamboyant clothes and performing style . He sold 18 million records with hits like "  I 'm the Leader of the Gang , " "  I Love You Love Me Love " and "  Rock 'n' Roll . " Detective Chief Inspector Michael Orchard of London 's Metropolitan Police praised the courage of the victims in coming forward to police , years after the crimes were committed , in a statement after the verdict . "  Paul Gadd has shown himself to be a habitual sexual predator , who took advantage of the star status afforded to him by targeting young girls who trusted him and were in awe of his fame , " Orchard said . "  His lack of remorse and defense that the victims were lying make his crimes all the more indefensible . I am pleased the jury was able to see through this . " Glitter has been prosecuted previously on sex charges . In 1999 , he admitted possessing child pornography and was jailed for four months . While living in Vietnam , he was convicted of sex offenses against young girls and jailed for nearly three years before being deported to England . Glitter is the latest celebrity to be accused or convicted of historic sex offenses . Radio and television star Jimmy Savile , who died in 2011 aged 84 , was revealed after his death to have been one of Britain 's most prolific sex offenders . British police say more than 200 victims -- aged between five and 75 -- have been identified . Last year celebrity publicist Max Clifford was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for assaults on girls , while Australian entertainer Rolf Harris was jailed for five years for indecent assaults against four girls . CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Gary Glitter , real name Paul Gadd , was convicted on six child sex abuse charges The former glam rocker has been prosecuted previously on sex charges
Los Angeles  CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight collapsed in court Friday shortly after a judge set his bail at $ 25 million in a murder case , an amount Knight 's attorney said was excessively high . The attorney earlier indicated such a bail was probably higher than his client could post . Knight bent over in his chair at the defense table , with his attorney beside him , and two deputies rushed to him as he was facedown . Moments earlier , the judge ruled that Knight "  has a great potential to flee and apparently has so in the past . " "  In this court 's opinion , $ 25 million is reasonable , and it is so set , " said Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Ronald S. Coen . Attorney Matthew Fletcher told CNN affiliate KABC that Knight hit his head on a chair and knocked himself out . Fletcher later saw Knight in the holding cell , and "  he was dripping sweat ... like somebody threw a bucket of water on him , " Fletcher told the station . "  And he wiped the sweat off his head and said , ' I have n't had my medication , ' and I said since when , and he said since yesterday . That 's when I went back in and told the judge ` You need to make an order that he gets his medicine and he has n't been fed ' and the judge said , ` Well , they offered him food at some point today , ' and I said well that 's not what I 've heard , " Fletcher told the affiliate . Knight , who suffers from diabetes and blood clots , was taken to the hospital , the attorney said . Knight 's condition was not immediately available . He has collapsed before while in custody . Knight has been held in solitary confinement , Fletcher added . When asked about the $ 25 million bail , Fletcher said , "  It 's just laughable . " The bail in other prominent murder cases "  at most is $ 5 million , " Fletcher told the affiliate . "  The heads of the Mafia , $ 5 million  bail  , " Fletcher said . Prosecutors sought the $ 25 million bail , he added . A preliminary hearing was scheduled for April 13 . Knight , 49 , has pleaded not guilty to several charges that accuse him of running over two men -- killing one of them -- in January after an argument . Knight is charged with one count of murder , one count of attempted murder and two counts of hit-and-run , with an allegation that he committed a serious and violent felony while out on bail , prosecutors said . The man who died was Terry Carter , 55 , a former rap record label owner . The second man is Cle "  Bone " Sloan , 51 . The deadly incident happened on January 29 , after a flare-up on the set of the biopic "  Straight Outta Compton , " a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. . The argument spilled over to the parking lot of Tam 's Burgers in Compton . The incident is the latest run-in with the law for Knight , who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers , and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . At the time of his most recent arrest , Knight was free on bail in a robbery case . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves , Paul Vercammen , Carma Hassan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	"  It 's just laughable , " Knight 's attorney says about high bail Knight is taken to hospital , but his condition is not available , attorney says
CNN  -- Jeff Probst was a bit of a travel late bloomer , but the "  Survivor " host has more than made up for lost time . Born and raised in Wichita , Kansas , "  I was never a foreign exchange student and did n't even have a passport until ` Survivor , ' " says Probst , 52 . The show has been "  a life-changing experience . " Since the competitive reality series debuted on CBS in 2000 , the Emmy-winning host and executive producer has n't stopped traveling all over the world . "  I 've been underwater at 60 feet with a shark and found myself sitting out in an Africa game reserve with zebras running past me , " says Probst . "  I really began to understand simultaneously how unique I am and how I 'm one grain of sand in this giant beach we live on . It really did help shape me . " The 28th "  Survivor " season finale airs live on Wednesday , May 21 . The cast and crew work hard , shooting two seasons of the CBS series over 78 days of the 95 days they 're on location . Anytime there 's a break , "  we play hard , " says Probst . And where they get to play is pretty spectacular . Probst shared his top 10 favorite spots in the world with CNN , some of which are places the show took him . Others may surprise you . 1 . Palau Anytime he had a break during shooting "  Survivor " seasons 10 and 16 on Palau , an island nation in the western Pacific Ocean , Probst headed to the water to scuba dive . "  Of all the places we traveled , if you 're into ocean and scuba diving or just snorkeling , it 's one of the greatest spots in the world , " he says . Blue Corner , a popular  and advanced  diving spot where you can descend at least 20 feet and clip onto a rock , is a favorite dive . "  You do n't go anywhere , " he says . "  The entire sea world goes past you , and it 's the most amazing aquarium in the world . " Another favorite spot is Jellyfish Lake , the home of hundreds of thousands of jellyfish that have lost the need to sting because they do n't have to fight predators . "  You 're swimming with these jellyfish , and it 's like being on a psychedelic trip , " he says . 2 . Kenya Stargazing and waking up to wildlife outside his tent at the Shaba National Reserve in Kenya were two of Probst 's favorite memories of season three . "  You 've never seen stars like you see in Africa , " he says . "  There 's no ambient light ... when you really see what 's up there , it 's mind-blowing . " He 'd head back into his tent to sleep . Come morning , he would open his tent zipper one click at a time . "  You did n't want to scare off the wildlife that you hoped was waiting outside your tent . It was not uncommon to find zebra and giraffes . " "  A lion chased a zebra through our protective fence into camp and killed the zebra , and two other lions came to help with the kill , " he says . 3 . Cook Islands Looking for a remote desert island ? "  Survivor " location scouts found a perfect spot in the Cook Islands in the South Pacific for season 13 . The Polynesian culture of the islands celebrates the sea and offers a relaxed way of life . Known especially for coral reef lagoons , kayaking and beaches , the islands also offered Probst and the crew a chance to know the locals . "  The majority of our crew lived with local families . You could eat  at work  or you could eat with them . " Probst picked up a bit of the relaxed local attitude . "  You ca n't help but be impacted by a different lifestyle . You do realize there are lots of ways to live . " World 's best new skyscraper is ... 4 . Kona , Hawaii Formerly a retreat for Hawaiian royalty , Kona is now the Probst family 's vacation spot during spring break . That 's because Probst married Lisa Russell , who had two children from a previous marriage , in 2011 . They all often head to Kona when the children , Michael , 10 , and Ava , 7 , are on spring break . "  There 's something about Kona , " he says . "  I feel so at home and grounded and connected to the earth  there  . I love the weather and the water . It 's so peaceful . Lisa and I have talked about if we ever lived somewhere else , this would be the place . " 5 . Amazon , Brazil Every season in the Amazon , it rains so much that the water levels rise and drop by 40 feet in a matter of weeks , says Probst . The season six crew stayed at the Ariau Amazon Towers , a hotel built on stilts . When they arrived , there was no water around the hotel . During the shoot , it rained so much they ended up surrounded by water , by design . Probst says the Amazon is the spookiest place he has been , and not just because of his childhood fear of crocodiles . "  There are more insects and snakes and weird animals -- I did n't know what they wereâ $ " than I 've ever seen before . And there are piranha in the water . " And those crocodiles ? Traveling to the Tribal Council -- the ceremony where players are eliminated -- required traveling down a river in a skinny , motor-equipped canoe . "  We would take these canoes , and I 'd shine a flashlight on the shore and see pairs of red  crocodile  eyes dotting it , " he says . "  I 'd be almost petrified the canoe would tip over . " Do n't worry about him , though . "  I like being out of my comfort zone , " he says . "  I do n't know that I would ever visit again , but it 's on the kids ' bucket list . " That means he 'll probably be back . 6 . Australian outback "  Survivor " season two took the cast and crew into the outback , where Probst often woke to a family of kangaroos outside his tent . "  We think of them as friendly , but know they are lethal and massive , " he says . "  One could literally kill me with one kick to my head while yawning . " Absorbing a bit of Australian culture , Probst also returned home to Los Angeles worrying less about everything . "  Australians have a different way of living : ` No worries ' comes from a place of truth . They do n't worry nearly as much about things as we do . " "  It 's had the greatest impact on my life , how I raise my kids and how the show works , " he says . "  Anyone who has hung out in Australia knows what I mean . Of course I care and am competitive , but I am also going to do it while tossing back a beer . " Weirdest rock formations around the United States 7 . Vail , Colorado Growing up in Kansas , Probst 's family piled into the family station wagon for an annual ski vacation in Vail , Colorado . There 's something about the Rockies that 's completely familiar to him , down to the expressions on his parents ' faces as they waited in line to rent skis . "  Our parents did that trip every year , and I can remember my dad telling me years later that family adventures and vacations are a lot of work ... but they are never not worth it , " Probst says . "  I can remember all the times we loaded up in our station wagon to drive through the snow-covered mountains so we could have family vacations . " 8 . El Toro Bay , Samoa When Probst performed his parents ' vow renewal ceremony for their 50th anniversary in Samoa in 2009 , he had no idea he 'd be returning for a similarly important event two years later . That 's when he flew Lisa and her children to Samoa , where he was shooting season 19 . When they arrived at El Toro Bay , he took Michael and Ava aside to let them know he was asking their mother to marry him and to ask for their help . The children quickly changed clothes and helped to lead her to Probst , who proposed . They married four months later . 9 . Venice , California While Probst spends a good amount of time traveling , he also very much appreciates what 's available in his own backyard of Los Angeles , especially the beaches . "  There 's such a fun vibe on the  Venice  boardwalk with some great people-watching , " he says . "  All kinds of people show up : businessmen , surfers , moms , kids , all creating a crazy rhythm . The rings in Venice are a great little escape ... I just chalk up and swing away . " 10 . Around the world You 'd think Probst and his family would be tired of him traveling when he gets home from shooting halfway around the world . You 'd be wrong . Standing in front of the 10-foot by 6-foot map in their hallway , with pushpins marking where everyone has been , the family keeps talking about taking a month to go around the world . Where would they stop ? For sure , Rome , London and Switzerland . The rest of the trip is still up in the air . While he knows there 's plenty he has n't yet explored at home , "  the other view is we have just one shot , and let 's say by plane , by train , by bus , by car , by scooter , by skateboard , we 're going to experience the world , " he says . "  Do we learn something we want to bring back home ? Or did we find we are perfectly happy with the way things are ? " Where do you think Jeff Probst and the cast and crew of "  Survivor " should go next season ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	"  Survivor " host has shot 28 seasons all over the world Australia , Asia , Africa and South America are among his location shoots One of his favorite spots is Colorado , where he traveled yearly as a child His dream vacation of a lifetime involves much more than one location
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations is trying to put sexual violence on the international policy map , telling political and military leaders that wartime mass rape "  is no more inevitable than , or acceptable than , mass murder . " Rape is being used by armed groups to reignite flames of conflict and to terrorize and humiliate communities in Africa , according to Letitia Anderson , women 's rights specialist with the U.N. 's Action Against Sexual Violence in Conflict initiative . The U.N. is monitoring five countries closely because of sexual violence in conflicts . The five are the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , Liberia , the Darfur region in Sudan , Chad and Cote d'Ivoire  formerly Ivory Coast  . But it 's not just Africa at which the U.N. is looking ; it 's cross-regional , Anderson told CNN . She said armed groups are branding the bodies of women and children with signature patterns , as cattle are branded , in places such as Congo , leaving scars so that their families and community members know they are victims of aggravated sexual violence . U.N. officials cite not just the mass scale of such crimes , but the horrific nature of the crimes as well . "  Many are child soldiers , and they maybe have to rape their mother or their siblings and then kill them afterwards , " said Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative on sexual violence in conflict . There have been no reparations for survivors in Africa because of the complete collapse of the legal system during conflicts , Anderson said . Wartime rape "  is one of the great peace and security challenges of our time , " she said , but added it "  has been the least condemned and most silenced war crime . " Wallstrom told reporters recently that in modern war , "  rape is not a side effect , but it is actually a new frontline . " U.N. action on that frontline has included a 2008 Security Council unanimous adoption of a resolution acknowledging rape as a tactic of war and an impediment to peace . With the U.N. 's Action Against Sexual Violence in Conflict initiative , U.N. representatives have tried to put sexual violence in the spotlight . In May , Wallstrom took the U.N. 's message to the Democratic Republic of Congo where , she said , more than 200,000 women have been raped in the past 12 years of conflict She visited Liberia in June and learned rape is still the No. 1 reported crime . One government survey in a Liberian county in 2005-2006 found that 92 percent of 1,600 women interviewed reported that they had experienced some form of sexual violence , including rape . Tackling stereotypes about the crime of rape will help ease the shame many societies attach to rape , and initiating discourse is the first step "  to break the silence , " she said , repeating a well-known phrase among anti-rape advocates worldwide . Her message is motivated by the women and children she 's met , Wallstrom said , adding , "  Survivors are their own best advocates . " "  The word ` woman ' is not synonymous with ` victim ' or ` vulnerable , ' " Wallstrom added . "  The women that I 've met in the DRC , in Liberia , are agents of recovery and change . " As the U.N. initiative works to fight against wartime rape and to protect victims of that crime , Wallstrom sees her own U.N. role in a highly personal perspective . "  I 'm responsible not only to the secretary-general and Security Council , " she said , "  but above all , to the survivors of this soul-shattering crime . "	Wartime rape is "  the least condemned and most silenced war crime , " U.N. official says U.N. initiative aims to put sexual violence in conflicts on international policy map U.N. is monitoring five countries because of sexual violence in conflicts In Congo , more than 200,000 women have been raped in 12 years of fighting , U.N. says
CNN  -- A new flow of oil emerged from BP 's damaged undersea well in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday evening after a remote-controlled submarine successfully cut into the well 's riser pipe . BP used robots in its latest attempt to curtail the flow of crude from the largest spill in U.S. history , which spread to barrier islands off Alabama and Mississippi on Tuesday . When the robot submarines cut into the undersea well 's riser pipe , a fresh spew of oil temporarily obscured the view of the mechanical arm . The cut was a first step toward placing a cap over the well that has spewed hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico every day since late April . BP expects to make more cuts to the riser before bringing in a diamond saw to make a clean cut where the cap will be fitted . Doug Suttles , the company 's chief operating officer , told CNN 's "  John King USA " that the procedure should collect the "  vast majority " of the oil if it succeeds . "  We 'll be putting the cap assembly , loading that out and sending it to the sea bed later tonight , " Suttles said . "  We should be able to install this tomorrow . And hopefully by late tomorrow or Thursday , we should have this thing operating . " But the operation carries the risk that the flow of crude from the ruptured well could increase by up to 20 percent once the damaged riser is cut away . The job already has been complicated by pipework around the well that has had to be removed before massive metal shears could be brought to bear Tuesday evening , Suttles said . The gusher may not be shut down until August , when BP expects to complete relief wells that will take the pressure off the one now spewing into the Gulf . The 5,000-foot-deep well erupted after an explosion and fire aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 . The rig sank two days later , taking 11 men with it and leaving up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil pouring into the Gulf , according to federal estimates . After fouling sections of Louisiana 's marshes over the past two weeks , the oil was spreading toward the northeast on Tuesday . Tar balls and patches of reddish-brown "  weathered " oil came ashore on Dauphin Island , Alabama , south of Mobile , and on Mississippi 's Petit Bois Island , off Pascagoula , authorities reported . Oil hits Alabama , Mississippi barrier islands More than a dozen miles offshore , researchers from the Dauphin Island Sea Lab reported seeing more rust-colored swaths of oil spattering the surface of the Gulf . They ranged from the size of half-dollar coins to 30 or 40 feet long , said John Dindo , the laboratory 's associate director . BP 's handling of the spill has been sharply criticized by members of Congress , officials in the Gulf states and the Obama administration , which announced Tuesday that a criminal investigation of the spill was under way . In addition , federal officials will no longer hold joint news briefings with the company , the administration announced . Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the government 's point man on the spill , will now become the face of the response effort . Allen told reporters in New Orleans , Louisiana , that his job is to speak "  very frankly with the American public . " Rear Adm. Mary Landry , who has been the Coast Guard 's on-scene coordinator for five weeks , will be returning to her duties as chief of the service 's New Orleans district office . Allen praised Landry 's work leading "  an anomalous and unprecedented response " to the spill , but said Landry now needs to focus "  on the larger array of threats " to her district -- including this summer 's Atlantic hurricane season , which began Tuesday . In Louisiana , Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser warned that a hurricane in the area could drive more oil ashore . "  We do n't want to scare anybody , but we need to be realistic about it , " Nungesser said . "  If a storm does top out levees , it will probably bring oil with it . " He said residents who evacuate ahead of a hurricane might return "  not to a flooded home , but to a home that is completely contaminated with this oil . " Oil spill darkens hurricane fears Tuesday also marked the start of the recreational fishing season for red snapper , a big draw for sport anglers in the region . But the season opened with a new blow to the region 's fisheries industry as the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration extended its restrictions on fishing to almost a third of the Gulf . The closures extend southward to a point about 240 miles west of the tip of Florida and eastward to federal waters off the Alabama-Florida state line . The state of Mississippi announced a closure of some of its inland waterways to fishing after oil was found in the area . The closed area includes areas east of 88 degrees , 40 minutes west longitude , and south of the CSX Railroad , but not including Graveline Bayou and its tributaries . After a meeting with state attorneys general and federal prosecutors from Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told reporters that the Justice Department was looking at possible criminal violations in connection with the spill . Justice Department launches investigation "  If we find evidence of illegal behavior , we will be forceful in our response , " Holder said . "  We have already instructed all relevant parties to preserve any documents that may shed light on the facts surrounding this disaster . " In a statement issued in response to Holder 's announcement , BP said it would cooperate with any inquiry , "  just as we are doing in response to the other inquires that are already ongoing . " Suttles told CNN that there have been "  very few differences " between company and federal officials working to cut off the spill . "  This is a team that 's really all aligned on the same goals and has been since the beginning , " he said . "  The government clearly presses us very hard to make sure we 're responding as quick as we can . We 're moving things forward , we 're applying all the resources that we need to apply . But I would stress at the working level , those differences are really quite small . " BP , rig owner Transocean Ltd. and oilfield services company Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster . But BP , as the well 's owner , is responsible for the costs of the cleanup under federal law , and Suttles said the company has now spent more than $ 1 billion to clean up the oil . BP stock has taken a beating on Wall Street , plunging on Tuesday after the failure of last week 's "  top kill " attempt to close the well . The company 's stock value is down more than a third since the spill began . CNN 's David Mattingly , Tracy Sabo , Patrick Oppmann , Scott Bronstein and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Oil spill spreads to Mississippi , Alabama U.S. begins criminal investigation into oil spill Spill makes a third of Gulf off-limits to fishing BP puts cost of spill response at $ 1 billion
The U.S.-led coalition intensified its airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq -- but that may not be enough to stop the terror group 's bloody march . ISIS is closing in on the key Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani near the Turkish border , a civilian inside the city told CNN . The terror group is 3 kilometers  nearly 2 miles  east of Kobani , the civilian said on the condition of anonymity , basically confirming a report from the London-based monitoring group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . If ISIS takes Kobani , it would control a complete swath of land from its self-declared capital of Raqqa to the Turkish border , more than 100 kilometers  more than 60 miles  away . Residents of Kobani said they felt helpless , and terrified . Despite airstrikes in the area , witnesses said the attacks are too few and too far back from the front lines to slow the momentum of the terror group . "  We need help . We need weapons . We need more effective airstrikes , " Kobani official Idriss Nassan said . "  If the situation stays like this , we will see a massacre . I ca n't imagine what will happen if ISIS gets inside Kobani . " The Observatory , whose information comes from a well-established network of activists , doctors and civilians across parts of Syria , said Monday that ISIS fighters were about 5 kilometers to the east and southeast of Kobani , also known as Ayn al Arab . "  My question is : why do n't you attack ISIS near Kobani , " said Rami Abdulrahman , founder and director of the Observatory . US claims successes The U.S. military believes the ongoing bombing campaign in Syria has degraded ISIS command and control capabilities , according to a briefing to reporters by Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Harrigian , assistant deputy chief of staff for the Air Force . There is evidence that ISiS is unable to amass troops , he said . The Air Force reports that its F-22s are achieving good results not just by dropping bombs , but by keeping an eye out for anything being fired from the ground . About three-fourths of the airstrikes in Iraq have been carried out by the U.S. Air Force , which is also responsible for about half of the strikes in Syria . The latest attacks So far , the United States and allies have conducted at least 229 airstrikes in Iraq and 59 airstrikes in Syria . Over the weekend , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates joined the United States in pummeling ISIS targets in Syria , U.S. Central Command said . Those attacks took out armed vehicles and also hit four ISIS-controlled modular refineries and an ISIS command-and-control node north of the stronghold of Raqqa , the U.S. military said . On Sunday night , U.S. military forces targeted to an ISIL-held grain storage facility near Manbij , U.S. Central Command said . The facility was being used by ISIL as a logistics hub and vehicle staging facility , it said . Adbulrahman of the Syrian Observatory said the strikes in Manbij killed at least two workers at the grain silos . "  We are aware of media reports alleging civilian casualties , but have no evidence to corroborate these claims , " said Col. Patrick S. Ryder , Director , Public Affairs at the U.S. Central Command . "  I can assure you that before any mission , every precaution is taken to ensure we do not harm civilians or civilian facilities . However , we take all such reports seriously and will look into them further . " Separately a second US official confirms they are looking into a small number of civilian casualties at one targeted site . On the Iraq side of the border , fighter jets and drones conducted at least four airstrikes over the weekend : one near Baghdad that destroyed an ISIS safe house and three near Falluja that destroyed two ISIS checkpoints and a transport vehicle , the U.S. military said . Syrian Deputy Prime Minister at U.N. Meanwhile Syria is lashing out at what it calls U.S. double standards . The Syrian Deputy Prime Minister spoke before the United Nations General Assembly Monday , and said supporting the so-called moderate Syrians with money , weapons and training would only make the situation worse . "  This is a real recipe for the increase of violence and terrorism , and the bloodshed -- and Syrian bloodshed and prolonging the Syrian crisis and demolishing the political solution , " Al-Walid Al-Moualem said . "  This behavior creates a fertile ground for the growth of those terrorist groups that commit the most heinous crimes on Syrian territories , which requires all of us to seriously and effectively address and eradicate this terrorism , in order to re-establish security and stability in Syria and the region . " Al-Moualem urged the international community to pool efforts to combat terrorism . Obama : We underestimated ISIS In an interview that aired Sunday on CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " President Barack Obama said the U.S. government "  underestimated what had been taking place in Syria " during its civil war -- allowing the country to become "  ground zero for jihadists around the world . " "  Over the past couple of years , during the chaos of the Syrian civil war , where essentially you have huge swaths of the country that are completely ungoverned , they were able to reconstitute themselves and take advantage of that chaos , " Obama said . Another shortcoming was overestimating Iraq 's security forces , which were quickly overrun by ISIS when it took over Iraq 's second-largest city of Mosul , Obama said . In recent weeks , Obama has been trying to boost an international coalition to fight ISIS in both Syria and Iraq . Despite the U.S. initially overestimating Iraq 's military , "  This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership with , to make sure that they are able to take care of their business , " Obama told "  60 Minutes . " "  If we do our job right and the Iraqis fight , then over time our role can slow down and taper off . " ISIS militant : Airstrikes do n't really hurt us In an exclusive interview with CNN , Syrian ISIS fighter Abu Talha said the militant group had prepared for the U.S.-led airstrikes . "  We 've been ready for this for some time , " Abu Talha said . "  We know that our bases are known because they 're tracking us with radars and satellites , so we had backup locations . " One man who recently defected from ISIS said part of the group 's strategy was to hide its resources in civilian areas . "  They almost entirely emptied out the headquarters , " the defector , Abu Omar , told CNN 's Arwa Damon after he fled to Turkey . "  Some equipment they hid in civilian neighborhoods . Some they hid underground . " Abu Omar also said ISIS relies heavily on foreign fighters , including Westerners . "  The French , they have so much control -- they 're even more extreme than we are , " the defector said . "  They come from France , but it 's as if they have been part of the Islamic State for years . " CNN exclusive : ISIS fighter says U.S. airstrikes not effective What Americans think According to a new CNN/ORC International poll , 73 % percent of Americans support the U.S.-led coalition of airstrikes in Iraq and Syria -- and most believe ISIS poses some level of threat to the United States . But a majority -- 60 % -- also oppose sending ground troops in the fight . Even though Obama has said he will not put combat troops in the region , the United States does have military advisers on the ground training and helping the Iraqi army strategically as it battles ISIS .	ISIS within 3 kilometers of Syrian Kurdish town , resident says ISIS is trying to capture a final stretch of land on its way to the Turkish border "  If the situation stays like this , we will see a massacre , " says official in Kobani , Syria The U.S. underestimated ISIS and overestimated Iraqi troops , Obama tells "  60 Minutes "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London 's Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew recently opened an attraction that gives visitors the chance to walk among the treetops and examine tree canopies from a new perspective . The walkway at Kew is designed to give visitors a new perspective on trees . The Xstrata Treetop Walkway , which opened at the end of May , is the latest design from London Eye architects Marks Barfield . Rising to a height of 18 meters and stretching across 200 meters , visitors can walk between 50 of Kew 's mature broad-leafed trees . The walkway can be found in the woodland area designed by 18th-century landscape gardener Capability Brown . Constructed from 12 steel trusses connected to 10 circular "  node " platforms , the weathered steel chosen for the project already blends beautifully with the natural environment . The architects describe the end result as "  a surprisingly natural , ` bark-like ' texture . " Tony Kirkham , head of RBG Kew 's arboretum and project manager for the Xstrata Treetop Walkway , said , "  As a trained arborist , I have had the privilege of being up in the tree canopy ; experiencing trees at height and birds and other wildlife from a completely different perspective . It 's fantastic that we are able to give visitors the same experience . " In what has been designated "  Year of the Tree " at Kew , Kirkham hopes that giving visitors a new perspective on the trees will help them understand the importance of nurturing them .	London 's Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew opens treetop walkway Visitors afforded bird 's eye view of previously unreachable canopy Kew hopes new attraction will help people understand need to nurture trees
CNN  -- At 44-years-old Abhisit Vejjajiva is Thailand 's youngest prime minister in more than 60 years . But perhaps more immediately significantly , he is the country 's third prime minister in four months after a period of immense upheaval in Thailand . After just two days of taking office , Thai PM Abhisit Vejjajiva talked to CNN 's Dan Rivers for Talk Asia . Thailand 's recent political turmoil , which included national demonstrations and the forced closures of international airports , dates back to the 2006 coup that overthrew former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the former People 's Power Party leader . In September , the Constitutional Court forced out his replacement Samak Sundaravej , finding that he had violated the constitution by appearing as a paid guest on a television cooking show . In turn he was replaced by Thaksin 's brother-in-law , Somchai Wongsawat , who immediately found himself beset by opposition demonstrations that accused him of leading a proxy government for Thaksin . He too was thrown out by a Constitutional Court ruling . Abhisit was named as the new Prime Minister on December 15 , and his biggest challenge will be to steady a country that until recently was known as one of the most region 's most stable . A career politician , Abhisit was born in Newcastle in the north east of England to wealthy Thai-Chinese parents and attended Eton , one of the UK 's top private schools before studying politics , philosophy and economics at Oxford University . While highly critical of the corruption and cronyism in Thai politics , Abhisit 's own route to power has not been as he may have wanted it . As leader of the Democrat Party since 2005 , he failed to win either of the elections he contended . He was chosen by the Thai parliament to be Prime Minister during a special session . His selection was contingent on support of factions from the now banned PPP who changed allegiance , many of whom he had previously criticized . Abhisit now leads a coalition government with a small majority consisting of a number of parties and interests , leading political commentators to speculate about the length of his tenure in office , many suggesting more than a year in power would be a success . Countering accusations of inexperience , Abhisit can still boast 17 years of political practice , having become a parliamentarian at the age of 27 . As well as being young and cosmopolitan , he has gained a reputation as being above the sleaze and corruption that has dogged many other Thai politicians , while he publicly opposed the bloodless military coup that removed Thaksin from office 2006 . However critics have said that his policies are borrowed heavily from Thaksin and that his party 's decision to boycott the snap election in 2006 led to the constitutional crisis and coup against Thaksin . Most of Abhisit 's support comes from the educated middle classes and gaining support , or at least lessening the divisions between sections of Thai society is something he has been immediately faced with . "  He needs to send a clear signal of change that he is a leader who will reach out to all , " said Bunranaj Smutharak , a spokesman for Abhisit 's Democrat Party . "  We are confident the long turmoil over the past two years will be brought to an end by this change in government , " he said . "  What we set out to do is reunite the country . "	Abhisit is Thailand 's third Prime Minister in four months , youngest in 60 years Leader of Democrat Party since 2005 , now leads coalition government Career politician who was educated at Eton and Oxford University in the UK
London  CNN  -- Egypt 's largest Islamist party , the Muslim Brotherhood , lost its grip on legislative power after the country 's highest court declared parliament invalid Thursday . The Brotherhood dominated parliamentary elections in December , winning about half the seats . But Egypt 's interim military rulers -- who have long been at odds with the Brotherhood -- declared full legislative authority in the aftermath of the ruling . On Monday , however , the party declared that it its candidate Mohamed Morsi had won 52.5 % of the votes in the weekend presidential election , putting the party in a position to reclaim power . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The Muslim Brotherhood is a religious and political group founded on the belief that Islam is not simply a religion , but a way of life . It advocates a move away from secularism , and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families , communities , and states . The movement officially rejects the use of violent means to secure its goals . However , offshoots of the group have been linked to attacks in the past , and critics blame the Brotherhood for sparking troubles elsewhere in the Middle East . Many consider it the forerunner of modern militant Islamism . When was it created ? The Muslim Brotherhood has been part of the political scene in Egypt for more than 80 years . It was formed there by Hassan al-Banna in 1928 . Teacher Al-Banna and his followers were initially united by a desire to oust the British from control in Egypt , and to rid their country of what they saw as "  corrupting " Western influences . What is its history ? In its early years , the group concentrated on religion , education and social services , but as its membership grew , it moved into the political sphere , organizing protests against the Egyptian government . In the 1940s , an armed wing of the Brotherhood was blamed for a string of violent acts , including the assassination of Egyptian Prime Minister Mahmud Fahmi al-Nuqrashi in 1948 -- shortly after he had ordered the dissolution of the MB . Al-Banna himself was assassinated soon afterwards -- his supporters claimed he had been killed on the wishes of the government . The movement went underground in the 1950s , and decades of oppression by successive Egyptian rulers led many of the Brotherhood 's members to flee abroad , while others were jailed . The MB grew throughout the 1980s as part of a general growth of interest in Islam , and the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 saw a spike in membership . Why is it important in Egypt ? The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt . It has widespread support among Egypt 's middle classes , and its members control many of the country 's professional organizations . Up until last year , it was illegal under Egyptian law banning all parties based on religion . But in December , it dominated parliamentary elections , winning about half of the seats up for grabs . How influential is the Brotherhood elsewhere ? There are branches of the Muslim Brotherhood in countries across the Middle East and North and East Africa , including Sudan , Syria and Saudi Arabia . There is also a branch in the U.S. Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views : The Kuwaiti branch is said to oppose the right of women to vote . Sayyid Qutb , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood in the 1950s and 1960s , developed the doctrine of jihad , and the radical group Hamas is believed to be an offshoot of the Palestinian Muslim Brotherhood .	Muslim Brotherhood has been part of the political scene in Egypt for more than 80 years It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran The Brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in Egypt Its offshoots outside Egypt are markedly more conservative in their views
CNN  -- Almost nine years into the basketball legend 's retirement , a new version of Michael Jordan athletic shoes can still send fans into a mad frenzy : Stores nationwide were the scenes of violence and police officer injuries Friday , authorities said . In Richmond , California , police investigated a gunshot fired outside a mall where the latest version of shoes named after Jordan went on sale for about $ 180 a pair Friday morning , police told CNN affiliate KGO . A 24-year-old Richmond man was taken into custody in connection with the gunfire , said police Lt. Lori Curran . "  It appears right now it may have been just a negligent discharge , " Curran said . Even as early as 1990 , a new pair of Air Jordans was so coveted that youngsters became violent in stealing the shoes . Jordan and his Chicago Bulls won six NBA championships in the 1990s . Thursday evening in Austin , Texas , three Foot Locker stores each drew 1,000 people for a midnight sale of the new Air Jordan Retro XI , replicas of a 1996 version of the shoe , and police shut down one mall when two police officers were injured , CNN affiliate KVUE reported . Police said each store had only 150 pairs of the shoes , the station reported . One of the officers was taken to a hospital after he was rushed by the crowd and suffered bruises and a rolled ankle , KVUE said . Police are reviewing surveillance tapes to find the assailant , police said , according to the station . "  It 's been crazy , " one woman shopper named Andrea told KVUE , adding that officers threatened to use mace on crowds . "  People have been trying to run over the officers to get in the building . " At a suburban Seattle mall Friday , police used pepper spray to bring order to an unruly crowd of 2,000 shoppers seeking the new shoe , said Mike Murphy of the Tukwila , Washington , Police Department . The Seattle area store was n't prepared to handle such a large crowd , Murphy said . CNN affiliate KIRO reported that crowds lined up Thursday night for the sale , which started at 4 a.m. Friday . In Lithonia , Georgia , police took four people into custody after a mall 's doors were damaged , CNN affiliate WSB reported . Also , police questioned a mother who witnesses said left her kids , ages 2 and 5 , in a car as she went into the mall to buy the shoes , WSB reported . In Charlotte , North Carolina , police were called to three malls after crowds became rowdy , CNN affiliate WCNC reported . At one mall , customers pried open a door at 6 a.m. Friday , and one person was arrested for resisting an officer , the station reported . In Taylor , Michigan , a Detroit man was charged with attempting to incite a riot after 300 people became unruly waiting for the mall to open Friday morning , police Cmdr. Mary Sclabassi told CNN . In Louisville , Kentucky , public safety dispatchers said they received a report of 75 to 100 people in a fight over the shoes at a mall , CNN affiliate WDRB reported . In Indianapolis , Indiana , police dispatchers said officers at the mall were "  having problems " after the shoes apparently sold out , and additional officer were sent to help manage the crowd of about 300 people , CNN affiliate WISH said . The crowd ripped doors off their hinges , police said , according to WISH . On Friday afternoon , eBay was featuring new pairs of the Air Jordan Retro XI selling between $ 219.99 and $ 510 .	Police officers are injured ; some are forced to use pepper spray Some stores are shut down because of unruly crowds The $ 180 Air Jordan Retro XI is a remake of a 1996 version
CNN  -- CNN 's Thom Patterson climbed aboard the Boeing 787 Dreamliner on Monday , May 20 , for its first U.S. commercial flight since being grounded for safety concerns . Patterson traveled from Houston to Chicago on United Flight 1 . Follow updates from his trip below . . Mobile users unable to see the Storify please click here .	The Boeing 787 Dreamliner was grounded in January for battery problems CNN 's Thom Patterson was on the first U.S. commercial flight since the airliner was cleared to fly again Aviation geeks have dubbed this latest stage in the new aircraft 's history ` Dreamliner 2.0 '
CNN  -- David Frum is one of today 's best and most reasoned conservative political voices , so his recent CNN.com op-ed on marijuana policy was just a little disappointing . Not because he advocates the drug 's decriminalization -- he rightly thinks locking people up or arresting them for casual use is a bad idea -- but because he opposes its legalization for adults . I agree with much of what he says about pot 's potential harm , especially for the young and the psychiatrically ill . Like Frum , I am a father who worries about my kids getting sidetracked by cannabis before their brains have a chance to develop . But I am also a physician who understands that the negative legal consequences of marijuana use are far worse than the medical consequences . Frum would reduce the punishment for marijuana use for adults but nominally maintain its illegality in order to send a message to young people that pot is a "  bad choice , " as if breaking the rules was n't as much an incentive as a deterrent for adolescents . Kids are smart enough to recognize and dismiss a "  because I said so " argument when they see one . By trying to hide marijuana from innately curious young people , we have elevated its status to that of a forbidden fruit . I believe a better approach is to bring pot into the open , make it legal for people over the age of 21 , and educate children from a young age about the actual dangers of its recreational use . Opinion : War on drugs a trillion-dollar failure Throughout my career as a clinical psychiatrist , I have seen lives ruined by drugs like cocaine , painkillers and alcohol . I have also borne witness to the devastation brought upon cannabis users -- almost never by abuse of the drug , but by a justice system that chooses a sledgehammer to kill a weed . Alcohol , tobacco , marijuana , caffeine and refined sugar are among the most commonly used , potentially habit-forming recreational substances . All are best left out of our daily diets . Only marijuana is illegal , though alcohol and tobacco are clearly more harmful . In several respects , even sugar poses more of a threat to our nation 's health than pot . I agree with Frum that chronic use of cannabis correlates with mood changes and low motivation , especially when started in adolescence . In individuals with psychosis , it may trigger or worsen their symptoms . But these dangers are far surpassed by the perils of alcohol , which is associated with pancreatitis , gastritis , cirrhosis , permanent dementia , physiological dependence and fatal withdrawal . In healthy but reckless teens and young adults , it is frighteningly easy to consume a lethal dose of alcohol , but it is essentially impossible to do so with marijuana . Further , alcohol causes severe impairment of judgment , which results in violence , risky sexual behavior and more use of hard drugs . Those who believe cannabis to be a gateway to opioids and other highly dangerous drugs fail to appreciate that the illegal purchase of marijuana exposes consumers to dealers who push the hard stuff . Given marijuana 's popularity in this country , the consumption of more dangerous drugs could actually decrease if pot were purchased at a liquor store rather than on the street corner where heroin and crack are sold . Opinion : Legalize pot ? No , reform laws There is another more pressing reason to legalize and regulate marijuana , even for the sake of our children : the potential for adulteration of black-market cannabis and the substitution of even more dangerous copycat compounds . Much like Prohibition-era fatalities from bad moonshine , harmful synthetic marijuana substitutes are proliferating , with street names like K2 and Spice . The Drug Enforcement Administration struggles to combat these compounds by outlawing them , but I see no decrease in their popularity among my patients . Natural marijuana poses much less danger than synthetic cannabinoids -- legal or otherwise . So who had the bright idea of banning cannabis in the first place ? Was it physicians ? Social service organizations ? No . The credit goes to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , which in 1937 pushed through laws ending the growth , trade and consumption of all forms of cannabis , including the inert but commercially useful hemp plant . America 's ban on the so-called "  Weed of Madness " was based on bad science and fabricated stories of violence perpetrated under the influence . The madness of cannabis can be ascribed not so much to its users , but to those who sought to criminalize the drug so soon after the monumental failure of alcohol Prohibition . That 's not to say our marijuana laws have failed to change drug use in America . Cannabis is more widely used today than at any time before its prohibition , even though it was domesticated in antiquity and has been cultivated ever since . Pot prohibition has also greatly increased illegal activity and violence . Otherwise law-abiding private users became criminals , and criminals became rich through the untaxed , bloody and highly lucrative illicit drug trade . Opinion : The end of the war on marijuana But America can fix this mess through marijuana legalization . Federal , state and local governments can regulate the cannabis trade as they do with alcohol and tobacco -- monitoring the production process for safety and purity , controlling where it is sold , taxing all aspects of marijuana production and consumption , and redirecting resources from punishment to prevention . Forget the antiquated dogma and judge pot prohibition on its own merits . If you still believe that cannabis should be illegal , then you must logically support the criminalization of alcohol and tobacco , with vigorous prosecution and even imprisonment of producers and consumers . Does that sound ridiculous ? Then you must conclude that the only rational approach to cannabis is to legalize , regulate and tax it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Nathan .	David Nathan disputes CNN op-ed by David Frum that argues pot should be illegal Nathan treats drug abusers and agrees with Frum that young people should avoid marijuana Drug should be legal for adults and sold like alcohol , with kids taught the risks , he says Nathan : If pot is illegal , then dangerous drugs like alcohol and tobacco should be , too
Hundreds of onlookers crowded around a booth inside the cavernous Las Vegas Convention Center , hoisting cameras overhead and straining for a glimpse of the woman with the tiny frame and the big fake eyelashes : Snooki . The "  Jersey Shore " star , more officially but less-well known as Nicole Polizzi , was at the International Consumer Electronics Show here Tuesday to promote a forthcoming line of headphones for iHip , a company that makes audio accessories . Less than 200 yards away , a similar throng jammed the SMS Audio booth , where hip-hop star 50 Cent was appearing on behalf of his own brand of headphones . And on Wednesday , pop singer Justin Bieber was scheduled to appear at a CES event for TOSY , a robotics company that 's unveiling an "  entertainment robot . " These celebrity endorsements can certainly make headlines at CES  witness this article  . But will they translate into sales ? In recent years , celebs have a mixed track record when it comes to launching tech gadgets . Musician Dr. Dre has had success with Beats , his popular line of high-performance headphones . But singer Lady Gaga showed up at last year 's CES to unveil a prototype of camera-equipped Polaroid sunglasses that never reached the market . "  They definitely help attract people to the booth . You see people all crowding around the booth , and they 're not looking at the new Bluetooth headset or whatever , they 're taking pictures of the celebrity , " said gadget analyst Andrew Eisner of Retrevo , the consumer-electronics site . "  It 's Vegas -- it 's showtime . But whether it carries any weight  beyond CES  , I do n't know . " A celebrity tech endorsement makes the most sense , Eisner said , if the person has some expertise about the product -- witness all the musical artists  Ludacris also is at CES , as he was last year , with a line of headphones  creating signature audio equipment . That 's something 50 Cent understands . "  It actually speaks to what I do for a living -- making music , " he told CNN in reference to his headphone venture . His product line , the wireless Sync by 50  $ 399  and the wired Street by 50  $ 299  , hit the market last month . The rapper also understands that some star wattage can bring attention to a gadget that might otherwise get lost in the sea of gadgets here . "  CES is exciting , " he said . "  But so many amazing things do n't have proper marketing in place yet , so people wo n't get a chance to see them . " Back at the iHip booth , Snooki sat at a table and smiled patiently while fans lined up for autographs and photos . She wore a leopard-print top , a short skirt and five-inch heels , and fiddled with her white iPhone between visitors . Sometimes , she sang along to the dance music being spun by the event 's DJ . Snooki was not available for interviews . But iHip spokeswoman Amanda Breault said the company approached the reality TV star to help build buzz around its products . "  We built the line around the things that she likes , like animal prints and bling . She designed everything to fit her attitude and her fashion sense , " Breault said . "  We knew that by having her , we could instantly attract fans , sponsors , press . The response has been tremendous . "	"  Jersey Shore " star attracts crowds at CES promoting line of headphones for iHip Hip-hop star 50 Cent and pop singer Justin Bieber also on hand to push products at CES Analyst : Celebrities bring short-term buzz but are no guarantee of long-term sales
CNN  -- Them 's fightin ' words , Anthony Daniels . In a tweet on Sunday , the once and forever C-3PO of "  Star Wars " threw down a gauntlet : " ` No movie sequel is better than The Empire Strikes Back . ' You might eat those words for Xmas dinner in 2015 . Joy & Indigestion to the world ! " It 's obvious what he 's implying . The new "  Star Wars " is due out December 18 , 2015 , and if Daniels ' opinion means anything , it 'll be more highly thought-of than Episode V , "  The Empire Strikes Back , " which has long been hailed as the best of the "  Star Wars " movies -- and one of the best sequels of all time . In fact , in a reader poll for the British magazine Empire , it was voted the best movie ever , period .  Take that , "  Citizen Kane " ! Of course , viewers are fickle , and tastes change . Just four years earlier , Empire ranked "  Empire " just the sixth-best sequel , behind "  The Dark Knight " and "  The Godfather Part II , " among others . "  Aliens " took the top spot in that list . And both "  Godfather II " and "  Dark Knight , " as well as the final chapter of "  The Lord of the Rings , " rank higher than "  Empire " on the Internet Movie Database 's list . But never you mind . Daniels has stated his claim . Certainly , the new "  Star Wars " has some talent on its side , including its screenwriter , Lawrence Kasdan , who co-wrote "  Empire " as well . Still , the best movie sequel ? As Yoda would say , see we shall . Warwick Davis the latest actor to join ` Star Wars : Episode VII '	Anthony Daniels tweets that new "  Star Wars " could be best sequel ever Many fans think "  Empire Strikes Back " is best sequel of all time Fans will decide after December 18 , 2015 , when "  Star Wars VII " released
CNN  -- The blue neon light of a Hollywood comedy club appears blurry in the lens of Mujeeb Arez 's HD camcorder as he steadies it in his hand . It 's almost 9 p.m. on a Tuesday , and he is shooting his documentary after a full day of classes at the University of Southern California . He adjusts the focus to bring his subject into clear view , the way his instructors trained him . Meanwhile , his colleague and good friend , Taimor Najib , holds the boom mic up and out of the shot as Arez begins his interview . The techniques they 're putting to practice are the same as they will use when they return to their home in Kabul , Afghanistan , to produce television for the Afghan people . "  We do n't have any professional production school in Afghanistan , " Najib said . "  I need to make some professional commercials to change TV and change the people 's minds over there from being basic to being professional . " Arez and Najib , both 24 , arrived in Los Angeles from Afghanistan in June to study for six weeks at one of the premiere film schools . The USC program , now in its second year , enrolls just two Afghan students in cinema courses during the summer for a crash course in storytelling , camera techniques , lighting , editing and commercial production . Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women "  What we 're able to do is bring two people who have had sparse training in broadcasting , bring them here and turn them loose in a film class that lasts six weeks and it 's intensive , " said David Weitzner , director of the USC School of Cinematic Arts Summer Program . The program is largely funded by former Viacom CEO Tom Freston , who owns a private company that invests and consults in the media and entertainment businesses . But in the 1970s , Freston was in the clothing business , living and working in Kabul , where he developed a lasting connection to Afghanistan . "  I was lucky enough to have lived there and build a great affinity and understanding for the people , who I think are kind of misrepresented in the world in the last 10 , 20 , 30 years , " Freston said . "  This is a moment for them to continue to really move forward and break out and join the world community . " In light of the ongoing conflict that news organizations center on , Najib and Arez have wondered how their classmates view the country they call home . "  I 've asked my class fellows and also I 've asked my professor about it , " Najib said . "  And they 're still thinking that about the Taliban and the al Qaeda , but I told them no , actually it 's not the same thing now . Afghanistan is totally changed now . " The TV industry is at a critical juncture in Afghanistan . Under the Taliban , there was no television , and today 60 % of people have access to broadcast media , according to Weitzner . It has increasingly become the primary source of entertainment and information for Afghans , he said . More than half the population is still illiterate , but Freston said Afghans are discovering educational value in a show with which many Americans are familiar : "  Sesame Street . " "  We find there 's a very big adult population that watches that and learns how to count and speak . " "  People in Afghanistan do n't go out a lot for dinner , they do n't have a lot of the leisure activities that we do , so they stay home and watch television , " Freston said , adding that sometimes families rely on car batteries to power their television sets . With a sense of the power of television to create a sense of national unity , Freston and the program administrators hope Arez and Najib will hit the ground running in Afghanistan and have an immediate effect on the growing audience of television consumers . "  These two young men are going to go back into that world and further accelerate that change through the very effective medium of television by creating television in Afghanistan by Afghans for Afghans , " Freston said . "  When I go back to my country , I will share everything that I learned here with my colleagues , " Arez said . "  That will help them also to work professionally in production and for TV and media . " Arez 's documentary , "  An Engineer Became a Comedian , " deals with the theme of following one 's passion rather than money . The film profiles a stand-up comic whose parents would n't pay for college unless he studied medicine , law or engineering . So he became an aerospace engineer by day and worked on perfecting his stand-up routine by night . "  This same thing is happening also in Afghanistan , " Arez said . "  They push their daughter and son to study the field that their parents want . " "  I am one of the lucky guys that always had my family support me to work in TV . "	Student hopes to use TV to help those in Afghanistan TV was banned under Taliban ; now many have access USC program helps educate aspiring Afghanistan filmmakers
Billboard  From Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards . 2015 MTV Movie Awards : See the full winners list Here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it . Best Moments Amy Schumer 's opener : From a "  Boyhood " / HPV joke to nearly flashing J.K. Simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group , Schumer 's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show  which ca n't come back on TV soon enough  . Plus , her monologue killed : "  Half of you know who I am , half of you think I 'm Meghan Trainor . " Channing Tatum doing his thing : When the cast of "  Magic Mike XXL " presented J.Lo with the Scared As Shit Performance award , she asked them exactly what we were all thinking : "  Why are n't you dancing ? " Channing Tatum obliged , popping a twerk  in a suit  onstage in front of Lopez . "  Your turn , " he told her . Sadly , she did not oblige . Amy Schumer takes on Hillary Clinton , Zayn Malik and more in monologue Rebel Wilson 's censored moment : Introducing an exclusive clip from "  Pitch Perfect 2 " as an "  exclusive clit " was easily the funniest non-Schumer joke of the entire night . Even her castmates seemed shocked when she slipped it in . Fall Out Boy meets Fetty Wap : "  Centuries " did n't need a rap breakdown , nor did "  Trap Queen " need a punk-rock edge . But did it sound killer on both counts ? Hell yeah . Fetty with an electric guitar is something that needs to happen again . Charli XCX , Ty Dolla $ ign & Tinashe : There 's a reason Charli gets invited to every MTV awards show : She attacks a pop song with the abandon of a rock 'n' roll tidal wave . "  Drop That Kitty " was Tinashe 's time to shine , though . It 's only a shame she got about 30 seconds to command the stage . Kiss Cam : Amy Schumer sensuously kissing Amber Rose just before a commercial break ? Well played , Amy . Kevin Hart 's Comedic Genius Award : While Kimmel 's intro jokes were a little one-note  we get it , Kevin is short  , it was pretty adorable that Hart brought his kids onstage to accept his Golden Popcorn . As his son held it , you realized the award was bigger than the kid 's head . MTV Movie Awards : See all the photos Robert Downey Jr. accepting Generation Award : His speech was fine  kudos for the "  keep your nose clean " quip  , but his Avengers castmates taking a knee while he accepted his award was just perfect . Misfires Archery fail : Schumer 's bow-and-arrow misfire was a literal misfire . It was n't a big deal , but the fact that it ruined an entire gag  with Jimmy Kimmel pretending to get shot in the chest  was naturally awkward . Of course , Schumer poked fun at herself almost immediately . "  Gone Girl " joke : "  How good was Gone Girl ? It 's the story of what one crazed white woman -- or every Latina -- does when a man cheats on them , " Schumer joked . It was n't awful , just kinda off . MTV immediately cut to J.Lo laughing like "  ummm , OK " -- which is an accurate response . Vin Diesel sings ` Furious 7 ' Paul Walker tribute song at MTV Movie Awards Shailene Woodley speech : Woodley definitely marches to the beat of her own drum , which is part of her appeal . But halfway through her Trailblazer award acceptance speech , the neo-hippie charm wore off , leaving most people wondering what she was trying to say . One of those wondering where she was going was Woodley herself , who wrapped up her speech by admitting it had totally gotten away from her . Zac Efron and Dave Franco : Was the punchline for their whole shtick really just Efron grabbing Franco 's balls ? Yes . Apparently , a man touching another man 's junk is still comedy gold in 2015 . Dwayne Johnson : The Rock shouting into the camera about 2014 's movie highlights was totally unnecessary . At this point , MTV has to realize we 've heard jokes about "  American Sniper " , "  Gone Girl " , "  Boyhood " and "  Whiplash " for almost a year now , and we 're all ready to move on . But God Bless The Rock for giving it his all .	MTV Movie Awards host Amy Schumer had some hits and misses during the show Rebel Wilson tossed in a censor-worthy joke
CNN  -- The man raced toward the school gate , flailing a knife as terrified youngsters scattered . A little girl raises her arm to try to defend herself but fails . She falls to the ground , losing her pink backpack near the entrance gate . After a few minutes of horror , the attacker chases other students as they try to flee the school grounds . By the end of the man 's rampage , at least 23 elementary students were wounded , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The knife attack at Chenpeng Village Primary School in China 's Henan province took place on December 14 , the same day an American gunman killed 20 student and six educators at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Read more : China attack illustrates U.S. gun law divide Recently released surveillance video from the front of the Chenpeng school shows children and adults tried to fend off the attacker with brooms . Authorities say 36-year-old Min Yongjun first stabbed an elderly woman in Chenpeng before breaking into the elementary school , Xinhua said . Police said Min was driven to commit the attack by "  doomsday " rumors , according to Xinhua . Authorities also said Min testified he was inspired by TV reports about a kindergarten killing in 2010 . "  He thought he was doomed and hoped to do something to impress his existence upon the world before he died , " police said , according to Xinhua . Initial assessments suggest the attacker is mentally ill , the state-run Chinanews.com said , citing Guangshan county authorities . China suffered a spate of knife and cleaver attacks targeting school children in 2010 . A number of measures were introduced at the time , including increased security at schools across the country and a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when buying large knives . But in Chenpeng , the only visible line of defense appeared to be elementary students and nearby adults with brooms .	The video shows children and adults trying to fend off the attacker with brooms Xinhua : Police say the knifeman stabbed an elderly woman and wounded 23 students Police say he was influenced by "  doomsday " rumors and a 2010 kindergarten killing China suffered a spate of knife and cleaver attacks targeting school children in 2010
They were traveling to raise awareness about the spread of the deadly Ebola virus . Instead , it seems , they encountered violence . Eight people on an Ebola team were killed in southeastern Guinea , near the country 's border with Liberia , a government spokesman said in a statement Thursday . Among them were health care workers and local journalists . Residents in the small town of Womey threw stones at the Guinea Ebola team when they arrived earlier this week , forcing them to flee , spokesman Albert Damantang Camara said . Some members of the group were able to safely reach the nearby town of Nzerekore , he said , while nine others went to find refuge around Womey . Only one of the nine was found alive , hiding near the town . The Guinean government has strongly condemned the killings and vowed to hunt down those responsible and bring them to justice . Camara said security forces have been deployed to support the ongoing investigation , and six people have been arrested in connection with the incident . The fight against the spread of the Ebola virus "  should be an opportunity for Guineans to set aside their differences and stand welded in this national effort , " he said . Ebola outbreak : Ways to help This is not the first time violence has flared in West Africa amid the deadliest Ebola outbreak on record . There have been other reports of teams from Medecins Sans Frontieres , the Red Cross and local ministries of health being pelted with rocks as they try to enter areas affected by the virus , MSF 's Dr. Marc Forget told CNN . Earlier in the outbreak , a team from Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , had to stop working in Guinea because local residents believed they had brought the virus with them . In August , Ebola patients were forced to flee a health care facility in Monrovia , Liberia , as it came under attack by armed assailants . No one was injured in the attack , but the men stole mattresses and equipment , Liberian National Police spokesman Sam Collins said . "  It was an attack from people afraid of Ebola , " Collins told CNN . "  Everybody is afraid . " Sierra Leone starts nationwide lockdown The outbreak , primarily spreading in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , has killed more than 2,600 people . Health officials have said the number of Ebola cases is growing too fast -- that they need more supplies , more health care workers and a better system to trace the virus . President Obama recently announced that the United States will be sending troops and materials to build field hospitals , as well as additional health care workers and medical supplies to the region . Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams , the U.S. Army-Africa commander , will lead the U.S. military 's response -- officially called Operation United Assistance . He arrived in Monrovia two days ago with a 12-person assessment team , Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , said Friday . The assessment team will be "  evaluating what our deployed U.S. military personnel will need in terms of support infrastructure to sustain the operations for up to six months or however long U.S. military assistance is required , " Kirby said . Both he and U.S. President Barack Obama have said the Department of Defense is prepared to devote up to $ 1 billion in resources to fight Ebola , saying it 's a matter of national security .	Ebola team traveling to raise awareness in Guinea comes under attack Local residents threw stones , which forced group to flee Eight people were killed and six have been arrested
The recipe for success belongs to Beth Royals of Richmond , Virginia , who won this year 's 47th Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest and a $ 1 million payday with her Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters on Wednesday . Four finalists competed for the grand prize , which was announced during ABC 's cooking-themed daytime series "  The Chew . " Each year , amateur home bakers and cooks flock to the contest for the prize money and to show off their skills in the kitchen . "  It 's inspiring to see the creativity and originality from home cooks across the country , " said Lynn Blanchard , the contest 's head judge and Better Homes and Gardens test kitchen director . "  We were truly impressed by the caliber of each dish submitted . Each category finalist showed how creative , simple and delicious home cooking can be . " In November , 100 competitors won a trip to Nashville to participate in the Bake-Off in four recipe categories : Simply Sweet Treats , Savory Snacks and Sides , Amazing Doable Dinners and Weekend Breakfast Wows . The dishes were judged equally on taste , appearance , creativity and consumer appeal by a panel of food professionals , including "  The Chew " co-host Carla Hall . The winners in each category were Courtney Sawyer of Bellingham , Washington , with Cuban-Style Sandwich Pockets for Doable Dinners ; Jody Walker of Madison , Mississippi , with Creamy Corn-Filled Sweet Peppers for Snacks and Sides ; Royals ' Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters for Simply Sweet Treats ; and Megan Beimer of Alexandria , Virginia , with Chocolate Doughnut Poppers for Breakfast Wows . The three runners-up were each awarded $ 10,000 and $ 3,000 in GE kitchen appliances . To qualify for the Doughboy 's top honor , a recipe must have no more than seven ingredients  minus salt , black pepper , water , cooking spray or a dusting of flour to minimize sticking to a pan  , take less than 30 minutes to prepare and contain at least two products from Pillsbury and/or its partner brands . The judges ' score accounted for 55 % of the total , with 45 % left to an online public vote -- which ended Tuesday . The Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest started in 1949 and began awarding its signature $ 1 million dollar prize in 1996 . Here 's the winning recipe in case you want to try your hand at making it : Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters Ingredients 1 Pillsbury refrigerated pie crust , softened as directed on box 1 bag  12 oz  white vanilla baking chips  2 cups 1 tablespoon Crisco Baking Sticks Butter Flavor All-Vegetable Shortening 1 tablespoon Jif Creamy Peanut Butter 1 cup salted cocktail peanuts 2/3 cup toffee bits Instructions Heat oven to 450 °F . Line 2 cookie sheets with wax paper . Unroll pie crust on work surface . With pizza cutter or knife , cut into 16 rows by 16 rows to make small squares . Arrange squares in single layer on large ungreased cookie sheet . Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until light golden brown . Remove squares from pan to cooling rack . Cool completely , about 5 minutes . In large microwavable bowl , microwave baking chips , shortening and peanut butter uncovered on High 1 minute to 1 minute 30 seconds , stirring once , until chips can be stirred smooth . Add pie crust squares , peanuts and toffee bits ; stir gently until evenly coated . Immediately drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto lined cookie sheets .  If mixture gets too thick , microwave on High 15 seconds ; stir .  Refrigerate about 15 minutes or until set . Store covered .	The winner of the Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest was announced on "  The Chew " The recipe for Peanutty Pie Crust Clusters won the $ 1 million grand prize The contest is now in its 47th year
EW.com  -- After stabbing , slashing and pummeling countless enemies , Spartacus will slay his final Roman next year . Starz is set to announce that the next season of its historical drama "  Spartacus " will mark the show 's final outing . The upside : Creator Steven S. DeKnight promises the remaining episodes will be spectacular  see the final season poster and teaser video here  . "  This season is bigger than anything we 've attempted , " DeKnight says . "  The scope and scale is just amazing . We 're dealing with massive battles between thousands of people . We hope to leave people feel satisfied . " DeKnight says he 's been 90 percent certain for months that the upcoming third season -- subtitled "  War of the Damned " -- would be the last for "  Spartacus . " Creatively , the writer-producer assures that the timing will result in a strong tale . The historical foundation for the rebel leader 's journey , he says , lends itself to wrapping up the show sooner rather than later . "  Looking at the story in the history books , it 's wave after wave of Roman senators going after Spartacus who are defeated until -LSB- Roman general Marcus Crassus -RSB- comes in , " DeKnight says . "  There 's only so many battles you can put a spin on . So let 's pick out the most interesting moments in this struggle and lay out a clear narrative for Spartacus and his rebellion . I wanted to lay out a strong forward narrative with a strong antagonist . " "  Spartacus " may wrap sooner than many fans might like , yet the historical drama actually survived longer than most expected . The show has had a wild and difficult run since it launched on Starz two years ago . The first season was a phenomenon . Its violent comic-book imagery may have been inspired by the hit film "  300 , " but "  Spartacus ' " operatic computer-assisted visual style and profanely quotable Shakespean-esque dialogue quickly established the show as singularly unique . Ratings started modest , then climbed with nearly every episode , eventually hitting about 6 million viewers when including all encore airings and viewing platforms . Tragedy struck after the first season when the show 's breakout star Andy Whitfield was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . Pre-production on season two was halted . A short-order prequel sans Whitfield , "  Gods of the Arena , " kept the show functioning while producers and the network hoped for the actor 's recovery . Eventually , the role of Spartacus was turned over to newcomer Liam McIntyre , who led the show 's recent second season . "  This show has always been a challenge , " DeKnight says . "  We 've faced some unique challenges and tragedies . I 'm particularly thankful to Starz . Any other network , if the show 's lead actor had fallen ill and eventually passed away , they would have canceled the show . Starz felt like we owed it to the audience and to Andy to finish the tale . " In the most recent season , Spartacus led his rebel band of slaves to victory against the Romans at Mt. Vesuvius and defeated his longtime nemesis Gaius Claudius Glaber . As first reported on EW.com , the new season adds Todd Lasance as an ambitious young Julius Caesar and Simon Merrells as Crassus . DeKnight says Crassus will introduce a truly formidable enemy to help drive next year 's drama . "  Crassus is kind of like the Roman boogieman we 've been talking about for the last three seasons , " he says . "  We meet him in episode one and you totally get that this is a guy who â $ " maybe he ca n't equal Spartacus in a one-on-one fight , but he 's just as shrewd and smart and dangerous as Spartacus . " Spartacus will leave behind a legacy of having stretched the boundaries of series television , between expanding the use of green-screen technology  the show has never shot one frame outdoors  and proving hard-R sex and violence can draw an audience when mixed with compelling storytelling . There was , and remains , nothing quite like the show on TV . "  I would much rather end a series with the audience wanting more than limping to the finish line , with only the die-hard fans sticking around for the wrap up , " DeKnight says . "  We want to make the 10 best episodes we can . I ca n't wait for everybody to see it . " Update : DeKnight says he has a new show in development at Starz that could be the successor to Spartacus . We 're hearing the mysterious project 's working title is Incursion . The series is described in industry circles as a "  Halo-like video game meets HBO 's Band of Brothers . " The writer-producer says the show is n't expected to be another fully immersed green-screen production like Spartacus . Starz says the project is still in very early stages , but obviously we 're looking forward to whatever DeKnight makes next . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The next season of Starz ' historical drama "  Spartacus " will mark the show 's final outing "  This season is bigger than anything we 've attempted , " creator Steven S. DeKnight says The new season adds Todd Lasance as an ambitious young Julius Caesar
Washington  CNN  -- All eyes were on the problem-plagued Obamacare website Monday after the administration said it would smoothly handle most users following its botched launch two months earlier . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that 375,000 visitors went to HealthCare.gov by 12 noon ET , almost half the total daily capacity of 800,000 that officials announced Sunday as a result of a round-the-clock effort to fix the site . However , Carney provided no details about how many of those visitors were able to sign on and enroll in insurance exchanges set up under President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms . A new function created in the latest technological overhaul completed Sunday put people trying to sign up in an online waiting queue if capacity exceeded demand . They could wait until their turn came to enter the system , or ask to receive an e-mail when they could try again at the front of the line . Three CNN journalists who attempted to sign on Monday ended up in the new queue around midday and then two hours later . Their wait lasted a few minutes before they received a prompt on their screen to proceed with enrollment . Later in the day , users proceeded directly to enrollment without waiting , indicating reduced volume at the end of the afternoon , as officials had predicted . Having declared the site working as intended on Sunday , the administration effectively painted a target on it for detractors led by conservative Republicans , who will look for any anecdotal evidence of continued problems with the 2010 Affordable Care Act . The Republican National Committee wasted no time Monday , distributing a list of media reports that noted administration officials warned people to expect continued glitches with the problem-plagued online portal . "  President Obama and his administration repeatedly claimed the Obamacare website would be fully functioning by the end of November , but this has proven to be just another broken promise , " said RNC Chairman Reince Priebus . "  The Obama administration had over three years to build HealthCare.gov , and all they 've produced is a non-functioning website , wasting hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars . " Administration : We met the website deadline Obamacare site fix : 5 things to look for Carney made clear more glitches were likely in coming weeks and months , arguing that any major website has periodic problems that must be addressed . "  It does not mean that there will be no problems with the website going forward , " he said when asked by reporters if HealthCare.gov was truly fixed or merely functioning at a minimal level . To Carney , the bottom line was that as of Monday , "  more people are visiting the site and are able to effectively go from beginning to end " compared to the unsuccessful launch in October and through November . On Sunday , officials announced they had met their self-imposed November 30 deadline for getting the site working for the "  vast majority " of users , saying response times and error rates had been slashed while capacity increased . Jeffrey Zients , a former administration official brought in to oversee the website fixes after its launch , compared the hardware upgrades so far to widening a highway on-ramp from two lanes to four . That means chronic breakdowns , error messages and delays users experienced two months ago when the website went live have mostly disappeared , he said , noting the average response time was less than 1 second and the system 's "  uptime " -- a measure of system stability -- was consistently surpassing 90 % . It all means that HealthCare.gov can now handle its original intended volume of 50,000 concurrent users for a total of 800,000 visitors a day , according to Zients . Upgrades , trouble-shooting , and old pizza In a commentary in USA Today , Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius advised consumers to try the website in off-peak hours -- mornings and evenings on weekdays or else on weekends -- and noted the new feature for times of high demand "  that allows users to opt to receive an e-mail when it 's a better time to come back . " She emphasized that consumers have time to sign up , with a December 23 deadline to get coverage that starts on January 1 and a March 31 enrollment deadline to avoid a financial penalty for not having insurance in 2014 . Back-end problems remain Insurers : Site glitches persist Meanwhile , insurers warn that more work is needed on the "  back-end " functions of the website that process payments and provide enrollment information to the companies . "  Insurers are still getting enrollment files that are duplicative and have missing or inaccurate information , " Robert Zirkelbach , spokesman for health insurance industry trade association group America 's Health Insurance Plans , said in a statement to CNN . "  In some cases they are not getting the enrollments at all . " The administration chose to stress the positive on Monday with a statement saying November enrollment figures on HealthCare.gov were expected to be higher than the previous month . An administration official familiar with the matter told CNN that about 100,000 people signed up for coverage last month alone on the site . The official cautioned the number was preliminary and final numbers would be released in mid-December . Joanne Peters , a Health and Human Services spokeswoman , said enrollment through alternate channels and successful exchanges in 14 states would help bolster November figures . In October , the first month of a six-month enrollment period , just over 106,000 people signed up for Obamacare . Less than 27,000 of them did so through the HealthCare.gov website , which was supposed to be the main enrollment portal . Initial enrollment figures lower than hoped Website progress garners muted reaction from Congress Marilyn Tavenner , the official charged with implementing Obamacare as director of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , told a congressional hearing last month that the administration initially hoped to enroll 800,000 people by the end of November . The overall enrollment target by March 31 is 7 million . A properly functioning HealthCare.gov is crucial to implementing the most vital provisions of the health law that require people to have health coverage . In theory , the law would create large pools of younger , healthier participants whose premiums would help offset the cost of providing care for older policy holders who use the health care system more . The program must convince younger people who might be less inclined to pay for coverage they do n't think they need . To GOP opponents , the law needs to go . They focused on canceled coverage for some individual policy holders as an example of how Obama and Democrats failed to fulfill a pledge that people could keep health insurance they liked . GOP Obamacare playbook : Spread negative perception "  This is n't just about a broken website , it 's about a fundamentally flawed law , " said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , while conservative Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said Monday the administration lied to the public about the health care reforms and other issues . "  That 's the one thing I find most aggravating about what 's happening in Washington these days , particularly about this administration , which is a lack of accountability and the willingness to mislead people or provide them just demonstrably false information and expect to be able to move on , " Cornyn said during a Google Hangout online conversation . CNNMoney : Premiums influenced by state roles Another Republican attack line -- that people are paying more for their health care under Obamacare , despite Obama 's claim that costs would go down -- may depend on where they live , according to a CNNMoney report . In Oregon and Maryland , state regulators challenged the premiums that insurers wanted to charge for Obamacare policies , forcing the companies to lower their rates , said the report by CNN 's Tami Luhby . But in states like Florida and Texas , regulators took a hands-off approach , allowing premiums that insurers filed to sail through . Like most things Obamacare , the treatment was infused with politics , with several states run by Democrats more active and public about negotiating with insurers while some GOP-led states disassociated themselves from the process . Rate reviews by states have proved effective in lowering premiums , according to a study last year by the Kaiser Family Foundation . The average rate allowed after a review was 2.6 percentage points lower than the average rate initially requested in the individual market , though there was a wide variation between states . "  If states were more aggressive in reviewing rates , you saw more of a decrease , " said Cynthia Cox , policy analyst at Kaiser . Obama : People do think I 'm trustworthy CNN/ORC Poll : Are Obamacare 's flaws fixable ? High court to hear Obamacare birth control case CNN/ORC Poll : Obama 's marks for management , trustworthiness take hit CNN 's Martina Stewart , Kevin Liptak , Z. Byron Wolf , Ashley Killough , Lisa Desjardins and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	HealthCare.gov handling visitors without delay early Monday evening Like all websites , some continuing problems will occur , officials say Republicans continue relentless attacks on Obamacare NEW : Preliminary figures show November website enrollment about 100,000 , official said
Washington  CNN  -- Backers of a comprehensive new farm bill held a campaign-style rally Wednesday on Capitol Hill , cranking up the political heat on House Republican leaders struggling to balance competing election year and ideological pressures . "  All of us gathered here today ... share one common and resounding message , " said Bob Stallman , head of the American Farm Bureau Federation . "  Congress , for our farm and ranch families , their communities and for our nation , pass the farm bill now . " Stallman was cheered by a boisterous crowd at the Capitol Reflecting Pool . "  We are out here to let our congressmen know it is important that they pass the farm bill , " Julie Taylor , an independent voter from Indiana , told CNN . "  It is frustrating . ... Knowing that we do n't know what to do or what to plan for is very difficult . " The driest season : Global drought causes major worries House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , told CNN the House Republican leadership is still "  working with the Senate to see what can be done . " He conceded , however , that the "  timing is definitely short . " Kevin Smith , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said he hopes the Senate will pass a livestock disaster aid bill previously approved by the House . He stressed that "  we are still discussing options on a farm bill extension . " The current five-year law establishing various levels of federal support for drought-stricken farmers and ranchers expires September 30 . While the Democratic-run Senate passed a $ 969 billion replacement bill in June through a rare bipartisan 64-35 vote , numerous conservatives in the Republican-controlled House have balked at the overall price tag and spiraling cost of food stamps included in the measure . "  For conservatives like myself ... the real concern  is  that what is now a farm bill is really not that . It 's a food stamp bill , " said Rep. Tim Huelskamp , R-Kansas . Farm Belt Republicans in tight political races this fall , however , are pushing hard for quick legislative action on a more traditional comprehensive deal . North Dakota Rep. Rick Berg , a freshman House Republican seeking to replace retiring Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad , said Wednesday his message to the House Republican leadership is simple : Get it done . "  We 've got to get this done , " Berg told CNN . "  This is what 's wrong with Washington . " Berg refused to speculate about possible repercussions for his campaign if the House fails to act . Cafferty : Why is Congress so good at kicking the can down the road ? "  This is about the farmers and ranchers in North Dakota , " he said . "  The last thing we need to do is create this cloud of uncertainty that will happen if we do n't get a long-term farm bill done . " The congressman expressed optimism that the House will be able to act over the next few weeks . "  In the legislative process they work best under deadline , and so I just think we need to keep pushing right now , " he said . South Dakota Rep. Kristi Noem , a first-term Republican , told reporters at the rally she is "  disappointed " that House GOP leaders have n't scheduled a floor vote on another five-year bill approved by the House Agriculture Committee . The committee 's bill is broadly similar to the Senate plan . "  That has been a big disappointment for me , " she said . Noem and Rep. Peter Welch , D-Vermont , sent a letter to Cantor on Wednesday requesting a meeting to discuss the possibility of bringing a bill to the House floor for a vote by the full chamber . "  Whether members support or oppose the farm bill , we believe the House should be allowed to vote so that we can be held accountable to those we represent , " the letter said . While the full House has supported short-term drought disaster relief , several prominent Democrats and Republicans have expressed concern about the economic fallout that may accompany a failure to enact a new long-term deal . "  If the farm bill is allowed to expire and things begin to unwind , we turn back the clock in rural America , " said Michigan Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow , head of the Senate Agriculture Committee and primary author of the Senate plan . Agricultural markets , Stabenow declared at the rally , would be in "  disarray " without a comprehensive new law . "  It 's absolutely crazy to even get close to something " like that scenario , she said . Minnesota Rep. Collin Peterson , the top Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee , told the crowd more grassroots pressure will be needed in order to force the GOP leadership 's hand before the end of the current Congress . So far "  the groundswell is not out there , " he warned . "  This rally is a good starting point but what we need , what is going to change this , we need 100 or 200 calls from people in their districts to these members . That 's what is going to change this . " "  If you do n't do that , we 're not going to get a farm bill , " he said . "  It 's that simple . " A number of conservative leaders want to wait until after the November election , at which point they hope full Republican control of Congress and the White House will allow them to draft a bill more in line with their ideological preferences . Farmer : ` It was the system that failed us ' Rep. Tom McClintock , R-California , argued Wednesday that Congress "  should n't be subsidizing any product . " "  It has nothing to do with how much they 're making or not making , " he said at the panel discussion with Huelskamp . "  Prices convey an enormous wealth of information that is absolutely essential to consumers to make rational decisions in the marketplace . " For their part , top Senate Republicans have indicated support for a short-term extension if the Senate 's five-year bill ca n't get through the House . "  I represent a state in which agriculture is important , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said Tuesday . "  I do n't believe that we ought to let the current farm bill expire if we 're unable to at this point to pass a replacement . " The head of the House Agriculture Committee , Oklahoma GOP Rep. Frank Lucas , told CNN on Wednesday "  there 's a growing probability " that a one-year extension is "  the most practical thing . " "  I believe some kind of action will happen before we go home  for the campaign  , and it 's my intent to help to make it happen , " he said . "  Something has to happen . " Farm bill fight escalates ahead of deadline CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Farm bill backers rally on Capitol Hill House Republicans are sharply divided on the issue Failure to pass a comprehensive farm bill could result in major political and economic fallout The Senate passed a new farm bill with a bipartisan vote in June
CNN  -- I grew up an Air Force brat who typically moved to a new place every three years . I switched schools , made friends , then had to write letters to stay in touch when I inevitably left . Except for a precious few , most of those friends went away forever , lost to memory , fading and eventually anonymous in aging photos . But in the recurring dreams I had in my teenage years , they were all together . My friends from Oklahoma went to school with my classmates in Biloxi , Mississippi . My favorite teacher from my years in Germany got to see me grow up alongside my cousins from South Texas . It was n't until many years later , when Facebook shot past its first 100 million users , that I began to get that sensation again , the one most frequent users are now well familiar with . It 's that sense of worlds colliding , of unlikely paths crossing ; your work life , home life , past life and present all mashing together , commented upon and decorated with photos from here and from there , from then and in the now . Facebook 's enormous membership makes it a more likely spot than any other place on the English-language Web to connect with a multitude of family members , friends , former co-workers , old classmates and anyone else you have n't seen in the flesh for decades . It was n't until the May series finale "  Lost , " however , that I made another connection -- that this idea of people coming into your life and never going away is a lot like what many people believe the afterlife is like . Could it be that Facebook , the digital Tower of Babel built by a cocky Harvard student , is -- to paraphrase singer Belinda Carlisle -- sort of like what would happen if heaven were a place on earth ? The thought led me to a theological search for the spirituality of Facebook connections . Amid the recent flood of political rants , children 's Halloween photos and YouTube videos , many of us have seen status updates from friends offering Bible passages , spiritual quotes or information on upcoming religious services . Along with a few alarming blog posts  "  Facebook killed the church , " one bluntly proclaimed  , I found a lot of theologians struggling to figure out whether mobile phones , social networks and text-messaging harm their religions or help reinvent them in positive ways . There 's even debate on whether being so constantly connected to so many people is good or bad , spiritually speaking . Bruce Epperly , a theology professor , author and co-pastor in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , wrote a thoughtful piece about so-called "  Facebook theology , " likening the "  intricate web of relationships " in our lives to our online social network . He acknowledged that even the lowly , short-form status update can carry a profound holiness . "  It might surprise my high school friends to discover that I often pray for them as I read their posts , " Epperly writes . "  I believe that Facebook can be an altar on the Internet and a place of spiritual awakening . " That seems to gibe with what Pope Benedict XVI proclaimed earlier this year . In January , the pontiff suggested that priests should embrace new digital communication mediums . But he stopped short of blessing Facebook itself as a virtual holy land . Facebook , which recently passed the 500-million-user mark , grew so quickly in such a short span of time that even its creators likely have n't been able to stop and examine the spiritual significance of its near-constant presence in so many lives . To what do we owe our continually growing house of "  friends , " the ones we never see , never call , never write to , but who contribute to our digital chatter , our daily chorus . Do n't those connections count for some kind of community ? Would n't we miss it if all these non-strangers were lost to us again ? What if Facebook itself , which digitally houses not only the living but also the "  memorial page " dead , is a kind of pre-afterlife training where all those personal connections are forever maintained , even after you 've shuffled off this analog coil ? And if the afterlife exists , and it 's anything like Facebook , does it have an "  Unfriend " option ? Because as much as I love all the connectedness , eternity sounds like a really long time to spend reading everyone 's status updates .	Omar Gallaga : Commingling of people from various chapters of our lives has spiritual overtones The author went on a theological search for the spirituality of Facebook connections Pope Benedict XVI suggested earlier this year priests should embrace digital media
CNN  -- Business leaders , heads of government , entrepreneurs and even the odd celebrity will be rubbing fur and down-quilted shoulders at Europe 's highest altitude town , Davos , for the World Economic Forum 's annual meeting this week . The high-powered talk-fest , founded by German economist Klaus Schwab in 1971 , has become a vital part of the business calendar -- for the intensity of its networking as much as declarations of action from the speakers ' podiums . WEF describes itself as "  an independent international organization committed to improving the state of the world by engaging political , academic and other leaders of society to shape global , regional and industry agendas . " As is traditional , the theme of its annual meeting in Davos is sweeping and , at first glance , somewhat opaque : "  The Reshaping of the World : Consequences for Society , politics and Business . " The WEF says the theme "  reflects on the disruptions that societies face on a global scale driven by rapid technological and scientific innovation , accelerating social change and a shifting global economic order . " According to CNN 's Richard Quest , the WEF may have a point with its choice of theme . The world has changed , Quest says , after its emergence from the wreckage of five years of crisis . In its wake , there is "  a landscape where old rules no longer exist and the new ones have yet to be written and agreed . " "  The issues are prescient , they are on everyone 's mind , we all know that ` times are different ' and we are by no means sure how to handle them , " Quest says . But he ponders whether those at Davos will be able to unite to plot a way forward in this new landscape . If it 's a question of numbers , they 've certainly got a head start . The 44th annual meeting is bringing together more than 2,500 leaders , thinkers and public figures representing more than 100 countries . It is strictly invitation only . Certain groups -- heads of state , faith leaders , academics , social entrepreneurs , members of international organizations and news anchors -- can attend free of charge , but for businesses , the cost of a ticket is approximately $ 20,000 . For that fee , from January 22 to 25 participants will be able to attend more than 250 sessions and workshops based around the overarching "  reshaping " theme . Guest speakers range from the European Commission President Manuel Barroso , International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde , United Nations General Secretary Ban Ki Moon and Microsoft founder Bill Gates to actors Matt Damon and Goldie Hawn . The forum is taking place against a backdrop of violent conflict in South Sudan , the Central African Republic and Syria . Syrian opposition leader George Sabra will be at the Davos gathering , with a second round of peace talks being held in another corner of Switzerland -- on the shores of Lake Geneva -- the same week . Bloodshed in the Middle East and North Africa has disrupted the region 's economies , with the World Bank 's latest report saying they remained depressed after the Arab Spring that began in Tunisia three years ago and sparked Syria 's civil war . "  Political turmoil in Egypt , stalemate in Tunisia and an escalation of the civil war in Syria with spillovers to neighboring Lebanon and Jordan have weakened activity in the developing oil-importing countries , " the report said . In Iran , there has also been a fall in production but the World Bank points to international sanctions as the reason . However , that may change after last year 's historic deal between world powers on an interim deal with Iran that imposes limits on its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief . Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani -- who replaced the country 's controversial previous president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , last year -- will be at Davos and is due to speak on the subject of "  Iran in the World . " Also walking the WEF corridors will be Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has described Rouhani as "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing . " He is scheduled to speak on "  Israel 's Economic and Political Outlook . " President Shimon Peres will speak on "  Celebrating the ` Spirit of Davos ' " -- which will perhaps explain why the traditional enemies are going to the same talk-fest party . Participants will have some reason to celebrate , as the global economy has shown signs of improvement since last year 's meeting . China , often the focus for economic hope , has pushed through bold policies under its new leadership . The country 's 300-plus political elite have reportedly agreed to curb government meddling in the economy and make state-owned enterprises compete with the private sector on a level playing field . Davos sessions include one on China 's outlook and another on how China , Europe and the U.S. can compete and collaborate . Meanwhile , in Japan , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's bold measures to jump-start his country 's economy -- dubbed "  Abenomics " -- has had an impact , with an initial jump in growth before the economy weakened . He is a speaker at the forum , under the topic "  The Reshaping of the World : Vision from Japan . " Europe , whose ailing economic health has dominated discussions at the last two year 's events , appears to be off its sickbed . Last year the eurozone returned to growth for the first time since 2011 but the difference for ordinary citizens may be negligible , and austerity measures are still in place . Youth unemployment in Spain and Greece is above 50 % , while rates in Portugal , Italy and Ireland are all above 30 % . As for the United States , much of 2013 's focus was on the debt ceiling and October 's government shut-down . Government dysfunction passed the economy as Americans ' top concern in Gallup 's polling late last year . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will attend Davos and deliver remarks on "  the United States ' commitment to and engagement in the Middle East region , " according to the State Department . Kerry has been working to achieve a peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians but recently the U.S. has faced diplomatic hurdles closer to home . A top concern of America 's traditional allies may well be the U.S. National Security Agency 's surveillance program , details of which were revealed in documents leaked by Edward Snowden last year . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , allegedly among those targeted , is a frequent Davos attendee but will not be present this year . This is not , a spokesman said , because of her skiing accident -- she fractured her pelvis on recent visit to Switzerland -- but because the event coincides with a government meeting . While those attending Davos may not be focusing on their winter sports activities , it is on the side-lines of the main program that some of them may go "  off-piste . " The raclette , gluhwein and hot chocolate chats could be the ones where deals are brokered . Read more : All you need to know to be a Davos delegate Read more : China 's reforms -- Enlarging but not discarding the cage Read more : Can Abenomics make Japan 's economy fly ? Read more : 2013 -- rich got richer , poor got poorer	The 44th WEF annual meeting is bringing together more than 2,500 leaders , thinkers and public figures Speakers range from Manuel Barroso , Christine Lagarde , Ban Ki Moon , Bill Gates to Matt Damon and Goldie Hawn The high-powered talk-fest and a vital part of the business calendar was founded by Klaus Schwab in 1971
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Sony says it 's not quite game over for the PlayStation 3 . Contrary to reports , Sony does not plan to announce a new home video-game console at a trade show in June , said Kazuo Hirai , the company 's deputy president . "  We 're not making announcements at E3 , " Hirai told a roomful of reporters at the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show here Tuesday when asked about plans to announce the PlayStation 4 . E3 is the annual convention in Los Angeles where game companies typically make their biggest announcements . The five-year-old PlayStation 3 will have a 10-year life cycle , Hirai said . Sony could still release a new system sometime in the next five years , of course . Sony continued to sell the PlayStation 2 system and games years after the PlayStation 3 debuted in stores . For Sony 's next console , the company will not deploy a streaming delivery system like OnLive , or fully cut out disc retailers like Best Buy and GameStop , Hirai said . While Sony has increased the number of games and other media available for download or streaming through its networks , most people can not be expected to frequently download several gigabytes worth of data , which can be a time-consuming process , he said . Sony Computer Entertainment president Andrew House said earlier that Sony is not planning to discuss a new console , the website ComputerAndVideogames.com reported on Monday . He also said that physical media , like Blu-ray discs , are currently the optimal way to deliver full games . Sony released a new hand-held game system , the PlayStation Vita , in Japan last month . It plans to start selling the Wi-Fi and AT&T 3G versions of that system in the United States on February 22 . Like Microsoft has done with the Xbox 360 through Kinect , Sony is trying to extend the life of the PlayStation 3 through new accessories , like the Move controller wand , and initiatives like 3-D games . There are dozens of 3-D games now available , Hirai noted . "  We are definitely , from a Sony perspective , very committed to 3-D , " Hirai said . "  It 's going to take a little while . " Sony CEO Howard Stringer , who also attended the gathering on Tuesday , compared the uptake of 3-D gaming and video to that of color television . "  3-D is waiting to happen , " he said . "  It 's an inevitability . So be patient . "	Sony 's deputy president says the PlayStation 4 will not be announced at E3 E3 is a giant trade show for the video game industry Sony is focused on deploying and supporting its PlayStation Vita hand-held
Regardless of how the Supreme Court rules on health care reform , the justices have one thing in common , and one thing in common with a growing cohort of Americans : They are aging . America faces an unprecedented wave of aging as members of the iconic baby boomer generation turn 65 . This year alone , 4 million Americans will join the growing ranks of senior citizens . The Affordable Care Act strengthened the Medicare system that this growing senior population relies on . Health care reform reduces the cost of prescription drugs , brings down costs for patients using private Medicare supplements and increases access to free preventative services . The Affordable Care Act makes health care more affordable for senior citizens and ensures that doctors are compensated fairly for their services . While Medicare certainly needs adjusting , if the law is overturned , the challenges of Medicare financing will only get worse . For the millions of senior citizens and about-to-be seniors in America the improvements brought by health care reform are just an important first step . We must protect the progress made by the Affordable Care Act , but much more is needed to support our rapidly growing older adult population to help them live independently , at home and in our communities with dignity . A vital home care work force has developed to meet these needs , and its interests are inextricably bound to the future of health care . The average hourly wage of a home care worker in the United States is less than $ 10 per hour . Poverty wages and a lack of benefits , training and career pathways mean turnover is constant . The work force can barely meet the current need for care , supports and services , let alone what 's to come . More families are turning to immigrant women of color to provide care for their loved ones . These women work tirelessly to feed and bathe our nation 's senior citizens , serve as a go-between with family and doctors , count medication , even take care of pets , and yet they are denied basic wages , let alone benefits , worker protections and pathways to citizenship . In fact , one out of two direct care workers supplements his or her income with food stamps , Medicaid or public benefits , compounding our overall challenge . News explainer : Health care 's big four issues : What the justices are tackling We need to create more jobs in America , address the need for home care , and improve the quality of care jobs all at the same time . In so doing , we can create precisely the type of economic growth we need in this moment . These are issues that concern us all including , ultimately , Supreme Court justices . Of course , the Supreme Court justices have lifetime appointments that include access to the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program , one of the largest insurance pools in the country , which ensures the jurists are n't subject to the sorts of limits for pre-existing conditions and inflated premiums that most insured Americans have long faced . And if they choose to leave the bench , the justices can opt to keep their coverage -- meaning they wo n't have to rely on Medicare to nearly the extent most elder Americans do . News : Timeline of the health care law But someday , they may want an in-home care worker to help them through the challenges of aging . The Affordable Care Act was a great leap forward in improving a health care system that is n't working well for senior citizens , workers or any of us . With our senior population growing by the second , or every eight seconds to be exact , we need to move forward quickly toward more improvements , not roll back the ones we 've made . According to polls , the American people know that the Supreme Court wo n't rule based on the Constitution alone . Politics clearly influence such decisions . But if the justices would just think of themselves as senior citizens and soon-to-be-seniors , they would uphold the Affordable Care Act for the sake of older Americans , care workers and our shared future . CNN iReport : The real people behind health care reform	Ai-jen Poo : Like the rest of us , Supreme Court justices are aging , will need good health care She says Affordable Care Act improves availability , costs of care for senior citizens She says home care workers a growing need as boomers age , but wages and protections lag Writer : U.S. should foster and value home care workers ; even justices may need them one day
CNN  -- It 's been 60 years since Queen Elizabeth II became monarch of the UK , and she 's marking her Diamond Jubilee year with a series of parties , pageants and even 1,000 boats sailing up the River Thames . On this anniversary year of her coronation , check out the numbers behind the queen 's reign : Time 60 years , four months -- The length of Queen Elizabeth II 's reign as of June 6 , 2012 , making her the second-longest reigning monarch . 63 years , seven months , two days -- The length of the reign of Queen Victoria , from 1837 to 1901 . Infographic : The queen in numbers Jewels 2,868 -- The number of diamonds in the Imperial State Crown that the queen wears at the state opening of Parliament . 4.9 lbs -- The weight of the St. Edward 's Crown worn by Elizabeth at her coronation in 1953 .  Photos : Monarchs ' diamonds , rubies and sapphires Money Â # 32.1 million -- Amount the British government provides Elizabeth and Prince Philip annually  about $ 50 million U.S. $ 500 million -- The queen 's approximate net worth . $ 4.2 billion -- Net worth of British entrepreneur Richard Branson . 1 -- Number of ATMs in Buckingham Palace . Travel 261 -- The number of official overseas visits Elizabeth has made as of January 1 , 2012 . 116 -- The number of different countries she has visited during her 60 years as queen . 5 -- The number of times the queen has made a state visit to the United States ; the first was in 1957 and the most recent in 2010 . Prime ministers and presidents 12 -- Number of prime ministers who have served during Elizabeth 's reign , from Winston Churchill to David Cameron . 2 -- Number of prime ministers born during her reign  Tony Blair in 1953 and David Cameron in 1966  . 12 -- Number of U.S. presidents in office since Elizabeth ascended to the throne , from Harry Truman to Barack Obama . 1 -- Number of U.S. presidents born during Elizabeth 's reign  Barack Obama in 1961  . 1 -- Number of sitting U.S. presidents with whom the queen did not meet  Lyndon B. Johnson Photos : All the queen 's presidents , from Truman to Obama Firsts and onlys Queen Elizabeth II is the only British monarch to have celebrated a diamond wedding anniversary , having been married to Prince Philip since 1947 . She is the only person is the United Kingdom who can drive without a license or car registration . She does not have a passport . Source : Official website of The Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , except where noted Are you celebrating the Jubilee ? Share with us on iReport !	Queen Elizabeth II marks her 60th year as queen this year The celebrations culminate with festivities June 2-5 Check out some of the numbers behind her decades-long reign
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The deputy leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and one of the most wanted men in Saudi Arabia has been killed , a prominent jihadist announced Tuesday , though officials in the group 's home base of Yemen said they had no evidence of his death . Abu Sufyan al-Azdi , also known as Saeed al-Shahri , died "  after a long journey in fighting the Zio-Crusader campaign , " jihadist Abdulla bin Muhammad said on his Twitter account . The tweet was reported by SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors global terrorism . Read more : Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan , officials say It was not clear how al-Azdi died . SITE said media reports indicated he died of injuries incurred in a December drone strike . The Arabic news network Al-Arabiya reported al-Azdi 's death , citing his relatives . Read more : Al Qaeda leader calls for kidnapping of Westerners Three senior Yemeni Defense Ministry officials told CNN the country has no evidence proving his death . "  We have no evidence to prove his death and our government continues to hunt down the leaderships of the terror network , " one of the officials told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . Read more : Amnesty details ` horrific abuses ' in southern Yemen He said more than 80 suspected al Qaeda militants have been killed since early December but that al-Azdi is still out there . Al-Azdi has been reported dead in the past , the latest incident being in September when Yemen claimed he was killed in an air raid . An audio message released the next month supposedly featured al-Azdi saying he was still alive . Al-Azdi spent six years in the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay before being released in 2007 . A Saudi national , he escaped Saudi Arabia to Yemen in 2008 . Read more : CNN Fact Check : Is al Qaeda 's core decimated or is group growing ? U.S. drone activity increased in 2012 targeting senior leaders of AQAP . Monday , a U.S.-led drone strike in Marib , an oil-rich province of Yemen east of the capital , targeted a vehicle carrying alleged al Qaeda operatives . The strike killed two militants , identified by the defense ministry as Ali Saleh Toaiman and Qassim Nasser Toaiman , and wounded five others . Saturday , two U.S drone strikes killed eight people in Marib and another province , al-Baitha . Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi announced in October that Yemen would step up its military operations with the United States against al Qaeda operatives . In response , al Qaeda carried out a number of attacks on military and security commanders , personnel , patrols and installations , killing more than 60 people , according to Yemen 's Interior Ministry .	Abu Sufyan al-Azdi was deputy leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula A prominent jihadist announces his death Three senior Yemeni defense officials , however , say they ca n't confirm it Al-Azdi was one of the most wanted men in Saudi Arabia
Long before the candidates set foot on stage in Florida , President Barack Obama headed into the final debate of the 2012 campaign with the biggest advantage of all : he 's already commander-in-chief . The foreign policy face-off on Monday was devoted to a subject on which presidents can speak about decision-making in the first person and challengers ca n't . As recently as a few weeks ago , coming off a rocky foreign summer tour and a widely panned response to the deadly September 11 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , Mitt Romney seemed headed for a tough night . But that was before the administration faced its own politically charged questions on the Libya assault over security and its response to what actually occurred and who may have been behind it . Five things we learned from the final debate Whether it was a reaction to the White House 's handling of the situation or just a reflection of Romney 's overall growing strength , several recent polls suggested Obama 's edge on foreign policy had narrowed . And Romney 's biggest strength in the debates so far -- an aura of unshakeable confidence -- promised to be a critical asset in a night devoted to leadership . More than what he said , voters reacted to the way he said it . Foreign policy is an area where many voters do n't feel entirely confident themselves ; Americans are less likely to have passionate and strongly held positions on currency speculation or trade negotiations than on abortion or taxes . Read a transcript of the debate Winning the policy debate is important . But looking like the stronger leader might be an even bigger priority . Last time , Romney pushed so hard on details about the president 's response to the Benghazi attack that he unintentionally let him sidestep the heart of the original question about diplomatic security . It was a mistake he did n't seem likely to make twice . But this time , he barely pressed the president on Benghazi . Instead , the night played like a mirror image of the first debate . Romney approached the face-off with a cautious frontrunner strategy : a priority on appearing presidential and , wherever possible , emphasizing common ground . Debate 's global reaction : Disappointment And Obama took on the aggressive underdog role , needling Romney with virtually every response . On a night where sharp policy distinctions were in short supply , the president even tried to turn the areas of agreement into an attack : "  You say you would do the same things we did , but you would just say them louder . " From one angle , Romney 's approach -- to sound presidential and stay largely above the fray -- was the best strategy to win over the women voters he needs . And on a night where the final debate of campaign 2012 competed with both Monday Night Football and the pivotal game of baseball 's National League championship , women may well have made up a larger share of the viewing audience than ever before . Fact Check : Obama , Romney and Iraq But allowing your opponent to come across as the tough guy when the showdown is a 90-minute audition for commander-in-chief is a risky strategy -- especially when you 're a challenger with a short foreign policy resume who needs to convince voters you 're strong leader who can keep the country safe . Romney had the benefit of seeing the president 's play-it-safe strategy flop in the first debate -- which made his decision to adopt it in the final one even more puzzling . So the only candidate with an actual foreign policy track record was n't the one who faced the toughest attacks tonight . The president did n't necessarily score a knockout -- but he did land the most punches . This was the last , best chance for Obama and Romney to make their pitch to a sizable audience in every battleground state . So , since foreign policy has n't exactly ranked high on voter priority lists this year , virtually every question ended up with an answer close to home . For more than 10 minutes , the debate stayed focused on domestic education policy , the deficit and jobs . Obama wins final debate , but does it matter ? A question about America 's role in the world drew an answer about the U.S. unemployment rate . Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin all rated mentions ; Europe and the United Nations did n't . The candidates had one , extended tense exchange over the auto bailout and "  Green Economy " investment . In CNN 's post-debate poll , voters gave Obama the edge on performance -- but that opinion did n't necessarily shift their votes . The most recent pre-debate surveys show Romney gains resulting in a virtual tie among likely voters nationally , and hinted at momentum in key swing states like Florida . If Romney 's measured performance drew higher marks from women or the vanishingly small sliver of remaining swing voters , he might be able to maintain that momentum . But unlike previous debates , there was a big gender gap , with women responding much more favorably to Obama 's performance and men giving a small advantage to Romney . The president has retained a healthy edge among registered voters ; if the debate boosts Democratic enthusiasm , the likely voter model could shift , and the president would see a bump in the polls even if he failed to win over a single undecided voter . The first debate dramatically altered the campaign dynamic ; but in a race now so tight that 1 - or 2-point swings practically rate surge status , the question is whether Monday 's winner can expect any major impact at all . Were your questions answered ? Let us know on CNN iReport	Barack Obama as president had a certain advantage on foreign policy in debate Winning debate key , but projecting strong leadership might be more important Last chance for both candidates to make impression before captive audience
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry is officially single again after splitting with Cressida Bonas , his girlfriend of two years . The two had been widely tipped to marry in the next big royal wedding . Speculation became feverish after they appeared at their first official appearance together last month , kissing and hugging at a charity event at London 's Wembley Arena . Harry , fourth in the line to the British throne , and Bonas had been spotted several times on private dates in paparazzi shots that appeared in British newspapers . A source close to the couple told CNN they remain "  best of friends . " The source said : "  It 's very , very sad that they have decided to split . It 's very amicable but they have decided to go their separate ways . " One reason for the breakup is that Bonas , at the age of 25 , had her own ambitions that were increasingly being overshadowed by her high profile relationship . She recently completed a one-year contemporary dance course at the Trinity Laban Conservatoire in London and now has a marketing job . She never seemed comfortable with all the attention that came with being linked to one of the world 's most eligible bachelors . Rumors of marriage had heaped pressure on Bonas , and prompted an increasing amount of media intrusion into her personal life . Who should Harry date next ? Harry , in previous interviews , has raised the question of who would want to take on such a high profile boyfriend . People have often scoffed at the notion , filling up social media with marriage proposals for the Prince , but in some way he may now feel vindicated . They will both hope that by separating they will end the media interest in Bonas and give her the privacy she wants to pursue a career in her own right . Harry was introduced to Bonas by his cousin , Princess Eugenie . Bonas ' mother is socialite and 1960s "  It Girl " Lady Mary-Gaye Georgina Lorna Curzon . It 's worth noting that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also split up at one point in their twenties , prompting speculation that Harry and Bonas could get back together in the future , if things settle down and they both feel ready . Harry is reportedly heading to Memphis this weekend for the marriage of his close friend Guy Pelley to hotel heiress Elizabeth Wilson . He 'll be hoping to keep a lower profile on this trip -- on his last private visit to the U.S. as a single man , he was caught on camera stripping at a party in Las Vegas . Kensington Palace declined to comment for this story . 3 pivotal pictures from royal tour Down Under Bye bye , Baby George -- hello , Toddler George ?	Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas , 25 , break up after two year relationship Source close to couple calls split "  amicable , " says pair remain "  best of friends " Bonas , who works in marketing , looking to pursue own career Harry reportedly heading to Memphis this weekend for friend 's wedding
CNN  -- He was once considered the obvious choice to become the next leader of world football , but that vision appears to be waning . Michel Platini is so disillusioned and frustrated at the way FIFA conducts itself that it would take an almighty change to persuade him to run for presidency of the ruling body , CNN has learned . While UEFA has yet to approach anybody to stand against incumbent Sepp Blatter , there is only a 10 % chance that Platini will be that man , a source close to the Frenchman told CNN . Platini , the president of European football 's governing body , believes there would need to be unrecognizable change within FIFA to eradicate all traces of corruption before he considered his candidacy , the source said . Last weekend , UK newspaper The Sunday Times published allegations claiming a Qatari official paid more than $ 5 million in an attempt to secure support for the Gulf state 's successful bid to host the 2022 tournament . According to allegations , Mohamed bin Hammam made secret payments to soccer officials in the run-up to the controversial 2010 ballot . Bin Hammam , the former president of the Asian Football Confederation , was a member of FIFA 's powerful 24-person executive committee charged with voting on who hosted the finals at the time of the vote in 2010 . Bin Hammam , who was banned for life from football the following year after separate bribery allegations , said he would not be making any comments on the new scandal other than he believed "  that the truth will find its way to  the  public one way or another . " The Qatar 2022 bid committee strenuously denies any wrongdoing or knowledge of any payments made on its behalf . On Tuesday , the British Daily Telegraph reported Platini met with Bin Hammam just days before the World Cup was awarded to Qatar . The source confirmed to CNN that while Platini did meet with Bin Hammam , the subject of the conversation was the FIFA presidency and not the 2022 World Cup . According to the source , Bin Hammam wanted Platini to stand against Blatter in 2011 but the former France international player refused . It was then , according to the source , that Bin Hammam decided to challenge Blatter himself , but was unsuccessful after being found guilty by a FIFA ethics committee of offering cash for votes and was banned for life . In a copy of a letter written to the Daily Telegraph and provided to CNN , Platini describes the allegations as "  astonishing . " "  I have obviously met with Mr. Mohamed Bin Hammam on many occasions in 2010 as we were both members of the same FIFA Executive Committee since 2002 , " read the letter . "  During those conversations with Mr. Bin Hammam , the topic of the discussions was my potential candidature for the FIFA Presidency . Mr. Bin Hammam was indeed trying to convince me to become a candidate for the 2011 FIFA Presidential elections . "  Additionally , I wish to reiterate that I am the only member of the FIFA Executive Committee who publicly stated for which bid I have voted -- proof of my full transparency -- and that no-one ever dictates terms or conditions to me . "  Unfortunately , I am no longer surprised by the circulation of unfounded rumors which aim at tarnishing my image , especially in such an important time for the future of football . " The source told CNN that the current allegations have not damaged Platini 's reputation within UEFA , although he is believed to have grown tired of the constant sniping , While Platini has been one of the only men to reveal he voted for Qatar , the admission has left him open to attacks , while others who did likewise remain in the shadows . The episode has made Platini seriously consider whether he will ever run for FIFA , the source told CNN , adding that the Frenchman believes he may be best suited to remaining in Switzerland and working on a number of other football projects . While Platini , 58 , does not intend to stand against Blatter in the presidential contest , UEFA would like to avoid a scenario where the 78-year-old runs for a fifth consecutive term unopposed . Blatter , 78 , is expected to declare his intention to stand once again when he addresses FIFA 's 209 members this weekend and go back on the promise he made not to stand again . The other man who could challenge Blatter is Frenchman Jerome Champagne -- a man who has already stated he is unlikely to win should Blatter stand again . His campaign has inspired little confidence at UEFA . UEFA is keen to ensure it picks a candidate , thought to be from its committee , which does not stand to lose their career if defeated . A number of UEFA officials are expected to stage a sit-down protest against Blatter at the FIFA EXCO meeting in Sao Paulo , Brazil . It is hoped that the protest will give FIFA an indication of the frustration and annoyance at the way the game 's governing body is running football .	UEFA president Michel Platini unhappy with way FIFA runs world football Frenchman unlikely to stand for FIFA presidency at next year 's elections Sepp Blatter expected to stand for fifth term , breaking his 2011 promise UEFA , Europe 's governing body , does not want Blatter to stand unopposed
CNN  -- Coastal areas that ban fishing can provide havens for endangered wildlife , according to a new report . Findings from a research project conducted over 21 years and published in the "  Journal of Applied Ecology " revealed that a marine sanctuary off the coast of Christchurch , New Zealand has significantly improved the survival of Hector 's dolphins . They are one of the rarest species of dolphins , endemic to the waters around New Zealand , with only around 8,000 animals thought to be left in the wild . Marine Protected Areas  MPA  have long been advocated as a way to protect sea mammals , but the New Zealand project is the first to confirm this . "  This study provides the first empirical evidence that Marine Protected Areas are effective in protecting threatened marine mammals , " said Liz Slooten of the University of Otago . Since the MPA was designated , the dolphin 's survival has increased by 5.4 % , according to the report . Covering 1,170 km2 of sea off New Zealand 's South Island , Banks Peninsula Marine Mammal Sanctuary was designated in 1988 to prevent the dolphins being killed by gillnet and trawl fisheries . Between 1986 and 2006 , researchers conducted regular photo-identification surveys of Hector 's dolphins , photographing 462 individual animals whose survival they studied . "  We can identify individual dolphins from their battle scars -- which range from small nicks out of the dorsal fin , to major scarring following shark attacks , " said Slooten "  Estimating population changes in marine mammals is challenging , often requiring many years of research to produce data accurate enough to detect these kinds of biological changes . " The study also shows that to be effective , MPAs need to be sufficiently large . "  The take home message is that size matters . Marine Protected Areas work , but they have to be large enough in order to be effective , " said Slooten .	Area off New Zealand 's east coast a haven for rare dolphins No-fish zone has helped survival rate of Hector 's dolphins Study was conducted over 21 years
CNN  -- Apple said Wednesday that it never provided identification numbers of iPhones and iPads to the FBI , after hackers claimed to have scored millions of them by breaking into an agent 's laptop . "  The FBI has not requested this information from Apple , nor have we provided it to the FBI or any organization , " Apple said in a statement to CNN . Hackers with AntiSec , one of the multitude of groups associated with Web activist movement Anonymous , posted online what they claimed are the IDs of more than 1 million iPhones and iPads . And they say that 's just part of the more than 12 million IDs -- and other information such as users ' names , cell phone numbers and billing addresses -- they got from the laptop of an FBI agent . Apple added that in its latest mobile operating system , iOS 6 , Apple has replaced the types of identifiers the hackers appear to have gotten and will be discontinuing their use . Security experts have said that the IDs , posted on document-sharing site Pastebin , appear to be legitimate . A day earlier , the FBI denied the hackers ' claim that they accessed the laptop of Christopher K. Stangl , a cybersecurity expert , by exploiting a vulnerability in programming language Java . "  At this time there is no evidence indicating that an FBI laptop was compromised or that the FBI either sought or obtained this data , " the FBI said in a statement . The bureau 's press office went further on its Twitter feed . "  Bottom line : TOTALLY FALSE , " it wrote . Via the Twitter account that first posted a link to the documents , the hackers responded quickly Wednesday as word of Apple 's statement began spreading . "  Apple : We Did n't Give FBI Any Device IDs . But who did ? That 's the 10000001 $ question , " read a post on the feed . The group says it released exactly 1,000,001 IDs of the more than 12 million it collected . In one of the story 's more bizarre twists , the website Gawker posted a photo Wednesday of one of its reporters , Adrian Chen , wearing a ballet tutu with a tennis shoe on his head . In their Pastebin post , the hackers , in typically irreverent style , said they would n't be talking to the media about the hack unless Gawker posted such a photo of Chen , who sometimes writes critically of Anonymous . As of Wednesday afternoon , Chen said he had yet to hear from Anonymous .	Apple : We did n't give iPhone , iPad IDs to the FBI Hackers claim they got 12 million numbers from an agent 's laptop Apple 's new mobile operating system will quit using the numbers Meanwhile , journalist poses in tutu to get hacker interview
EW.com  -- "  Real Steel " showed what it was made of , as the robot-boxing action drama won the weekend with an estimated $ 27.3 million . That 's the strongest opening ever for a boxing-themed picture , beating "  Rocky IV " 's $ 20 million debut in 1985  when not adjusting for inflation  . DreamWorks ' $ 110 million film , which was released by Disney 's Touchstone Pictures , scored a superb "  A " rating from CinemaScore graders . That bodes well for the movie 's box-office stamina , especially since there are no other major family films hitting theaters until "  Puss in Boots " pounces on October 28 . Unsurprisingly for a movie about mechanical fighters beating up one another , "  Real Steel " skewed male -- 66 percent of the audience according to Disney . It also attracted a younger crowd , with 44 percent under the age of 25 . The PG-13 movie 's respectable opening must also come as a relief to star Hugh Jackman , who has n't had a non-X-Men film open to more than $ 20 million since 2004â $ ² s "  Van Helsing . " In second with $ 10.4 million was the political thriller "  The Ides of March . " The R-rated film -- which George Clooney directed , co-wrote , and co-stars in along with Ryan Gosling , Philip Seymour Hoffman , Paul Giamatti , Evan Rachel Wood , and Marisa Tomei -- particularly appealed to older women . According to Sony , 58 percent of the audience was female and 60 percent was over the age of 35 . The $ 12.5 million movie earned a "  B " grade from CinemaScore participants , which is a bit lower than expected considering its awards buzz and positive reviews . "  The Ides of March " will need to hold up well the next few weeks if it wants to keep its Oscar hopes alive . The rest of the top five consisted of prior releases that all dropped around  a very commendable  35 percent from last week . In third place , the family film "  Dolphin Tale " slipped 34 percent for $ 9.2 million , pushing the film 's cumulative tally to $ 49.1 million . The Brad Pitt baseball drama "  Moneyball , " a critical darling , grossed $ 7.5 million for a 38 percent decline . And the well-reviewed cancer comedy "  50/50 , " starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen , fell 36 percent for $ 5.5 million . In limited release , the why-does-this-movie-exist horror sequel "  The Human Centipede 2 : Full Sequence " stitched together a decent $ 54,000 from 18 theaters , with most locations only offering late-night showings . 1 . Real Steel -- $ 27.3 mil 2 . The Ides of March -- $ 10.4 mil 3 . Dolphin Tale -- $ 9.2 mil 4 . Moneyball -- $ 7.5 mil 5 . 50/50 -- $ 5.5 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Real Steel " won the weekend with an estimated $ 27.3 million With $ 10.4 million was the political thriller "  The Ides of March " "  Dolphin Tale " slipped 34 percent for $ 9.2 million
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department 's former point man on security in Libya told a congressional hearing Wednesday that his superiors worked against him as he tried to get more help for the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi in the months before it was overrun in a deadly terror attack . Eric Nordstrom , the one-time regional security officer , told the House Oversight Committee that he had a disheartening conversation with the regional director of the agency 's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs when he requested additional manpower for the facility . "  I said , ` Jim , you know what makes it most frustrating about this assignment ? It 's not the hardships . It 's not the gunfire . It 's not the threats . It 's dealing and fighting against the people , programs , and personnel who are supposed to be supporting me , " Nordstrom said . He also told the State Department officer , " ` For me , the Taliban is on the inside of the building . " That bombshell ended a contentious hearing during which two State Department officials defended the Obama administration 's handling of the September 11 attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . What we know about the Libya attack Benghazi has become a flashpoint in the presidential campaign with Republican Mitt Romney saying the attack illustrates that President Barack Obama 's policies have made America less influential and more vulnerable around the world . Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy responded to suggestions the State Department was responsible for a lack of preparedness . "  We regularly assess risk and resource allocation , a process involving the considered judgments of experienced professionals on the ground and in Washington , using the best available information , " Kennedy said . The assault on the U.S. compound was "  an unprecedented attack by dozens of heavily armed men , " Kennedy said . His colleague , Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for International Programs Charlene Lamb , added that the State Department "  had the correct number of assets in Benghazi at the time , " drawing a sharp rebuke from committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California . "  To start off by saying you had the correct number , and our ambassador and three other individuals are dead , and people are in the hospital recovering because it only took moments to breach that facility somehow does n't seem to ring true to the American people , " Issa said . Republican committee members and the State Department officials went back and forth about the appropriate number of people needed to provide security at the vulnerable Benghazi location . Various communications dating back nearly a year asked for anywhere from three to five diplomatic security special agents . As the four-hour hearing drew to a close , Nordstrom divulged he had verbally asked for significantly more help -- 12 agents -- but the officer from the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs had rebuffed his request . "  His response to that was , ` You 're asking for the sun , moon , and the stars , ' " Nordstrom said . That attitude made the Benghazi incident predictable , according to Nordstrom , who left Libya in July and continues to work at the State Department for diplomatic security . "  For me and my staff , it was abundantly clear that we were not going to get resources until the aftermath of an incident . And the question that we were to ask again is , ` How thin does the ice have to get before someone falls through ? ' " Five special agents were in Benghazi at the time of the attack , Issa said . Two of them only happened to be there only because they had traveled with Stevens from Tripoli , Lamb said . "  The post had agreed that three was a sufficient number to have on the ground . " Lamb said . But Lt. Col. Andrew Wood , a Utah National Guardsman who was a site security commander in Libya from February through August , testified that the regional security officer -- it was unclear if he was talking about Nordstrom -- tried to obtain additional personnel , but "  was never able to attain the numbers he felt comfortable with . " "  The security in Benghazi was a struggle and remained a struggle throughout my time there , " Wood said . "  Diplomatic security remained weak . In April , there was only one U.S. diplomatic security agent there . " U.S. official sought more security for Benghazi post State Department officials also responded to allegations by Republicans that the Obama administration intentionally misled the public about the cause of the attack . Critics accuse the administration of trying to cover up or play down the attack through initial statements that described it as a spontaneous act stemming from protests over an anti-Muslim film rather than a planned terrorist assault . "  We have always made clear that we are giving the best information we have at the time . And that information has evolved , " Kennedy said , citing remarks by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice on September 16 that critics alleged were deceptive . "  For example , if any administration official , including any career official , were on television on Sunday , September 16 , they would have said what Ambassador Rice said . The information she had at that point from the intelligence community is the same that I had at that point . Clearly , we know more about today than what we did . " While congressmen from both parties agreed that security at overseas U.S. diplomatic posts is crucial , and they expressed hope for a bipartisan solution , several times during the hearing the dialogue devolved into rancorous comments back and forth . The assault in Benghazi occurred 11 years to the day after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York 's World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Kennedy said the fullest picture of proper security and procedures will not be fully clear until a review board appointed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and including former Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen is completed . State Department officials : Benghazi attack ` unprecedented ' Democrats had accused Issa of planning a partisan , election-year hearing , a similar allegation leveled against the panel for its past investigations of the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun-running program and the failed Solyndra clean energy company that received government loan guarantees . On Tuesday , two senior State Department officials provided reporters with the most detailed explanation yet of the attack in Benghazi , saying on a conference call that there was no prior indication such an assault was imminent . The officials , who briefed reporters on condition of not being identified by name , said there was "  nothing unusual " throughout the day of the attack . What Obama administration has said about Libya attack Stevens held an evening meeting with a Turkish diplomat and then retired to his room in one of the compound 's buildings at 9 p.m. , according to the officials . The first sign of a problem came 40 minutes later , when diplomatic security agents heard loud talking outside the compound , along with gunfire and explosions . Asked whether the attack was a spontaneous assault taking advantage of a demonstration , as originally asserted by Obama administration officials , one senior official said , "  That was not our conclusion . " The two senior officials offered riveting detail of the attack by what one of them described as "  dozens of armed men " who marauded from building to building and later fired mortars on a U.S. annex less than a mile away . In the havoc at the four-building compound , Stevens and two of his security personnel took refuge in a fortified room that the attackers were able to penetrate , one official said . The attackers doused the building with diesel fuel and set it ablaze and the three men decided to leave the safe haven and move to a bathroom to be able to breathe , according to the official . Stevens became separated from the security personnel in the chaos and smoke , and eventually turned up at a Benghazi hospital , where he was declared dead . Romney knew ex-SEAL slain in Benghazi CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-regional security officer in Libya says people whose support he needed fought against him Congressional hearing debates whether ` correct ' amount of security was in place at Benghazi mission September 11 attack killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans Obama administration changed its description of event from a protest gone awry to a terror attack
BudgetTravel.com  -- We know you do n't want to fly halfway around the world to eat a Big Mac . But how about steamed cod with mustard sauce and chives , mixed vegetables , and parsley baby potatoes ? That , for instance , is what 's considered fast food in Germany . When we think of fast food in the U.S. , we imagine mega-chains with thousands of restaurants around the world -- too many , in fact , for the brands to have much quality control . But in some countries , such as Brazil and India , the concept is just catching on , and the quality of the food you 'll find passing as "  fast " is all the better for it . Dining at white-table restaurants abroad is certainly a treat of travel  if you can afford it  , but if you really want a glimpse into local culture , there 's no better way than sampling the fare residents grab on the go . Of course , it does n't hurt that the meals are as tasty as they are cheap . Here , then , are our picks for the best foreign fast-food venues overseas . Budget Travel : See the restaurants . Brazil : Giraffas Signature Dish : Hamburger topped with a fried egg ; black beans , white rice , and French fries on the side  10 reals , or about $ 6.50 Many older and traditional Brazilians frown upon eating food with their hands , so when the Giraffas chain debuted in 1981 and became the first quick-service restaurant to hand out steel knives and forks , it caught on quickly . Giraffas now has 358 locations across Brazil . As at other fast-food joints , patrons at Giraffas pick up their orders from a counter , but food is usually presented on open plates , not in cardboard boxes , for guests eating in-house -- another acknowledgment of national preferences . China : Mr. Lee Signature Dish : Beef noodle soup  13 yuan , or about $ 2 In American Chinese restaurants , the menus are usually dominated by heavy fried-rice and lo-mein dishes , but in China simple noodle soup is the standard lunchtime fare . Locals seem to especially love the options at Mr. Lee , where patrons can customize their soup with condiments like dried-chili oil , soy sauce , white vinegar , and pickled greens . The soup is ordered from a counter and served in ceramic bowls , typically slurped standing up at the counter . The "  East meets West " chain was founded in 1987 by Li Beiqi , a Chinese-American entrepreneur who previously created a chain of Beef Noodle King restaurants in California . The late Mr. Li 's face is now emblazoned on restaurant storefronts in a style similar to Colonel Sanders at KFC . By 2010 , the homegrown chain had 400 locations in 19 provinces across China . Budget Travel : 10 coolest small towns in America Germany : Nordsee Signature Dish : The Nordsee Plate , with steamed codfish fillets in a mustard sauce with chives , mixed vegetables , and parsley baby potatoes  8 euros , or about $ 11.50 While Americans do n't usually think of steamed fish as a fast-food staple , most of the menu at fish-buffet chain Nordsee is made up of precisely that . Codfish , plaice , pollock , salmon , and other fish are the stars of the show  patrons choose whether they want the items steamed , grilled , or fried  . An emphasis is placed on fresh fish sourced from well-managed waters , catering to the German preference for healthy , sustainable food . The appeal , though , is more universal : The company , now with over 400 locations across Europe , is the Continent 's largest chain specializing in seafood . India : Kaati Zone Signature Dish : Kaati rolls ; Chicken Tikka  75 rupees , or about $ 1.65  and mixed vegetables  45 rupees , or about $ 1  are the two most popular fillings Street-food stalls are a longtime standard in India , and most fast-food chains have struggled to compete there as a result . One of the first to break out , in 2004 , was Kaati Zone , which specializes in kaati rolls -- unleavened flat bread that 's been lightly fried and coated with egg , then stuffed with meat or vegetarian fillings and served with a side of fries sprinkled with tangy masala spices .  Typically , one roll counts as a snack , two as a meal .  Each Kaati Zone kitchen , restaurant , and kiosk has completely separate cooking and serving processes for vegetarian and meat dishes to accommodate local traditions . That kind of attention to detail may be why Kaati Zone caught on : The chain now has 15 locations , mostly in the city of Bangalore Russia : Teremok Signature Dish : Blini filled with red caviar or salmon roe  240 rubles , or about $ 8.30 Founded in 1998 , Teremok has spread to 111 restaurants and 80 street kiosks in Moscow and St. Petersburg . While soups , porridges , and salads all appear on the menu , it 's really all about the blinis . These thin , triangular-shaped , wheat pancakes are wrapped around various fillings  sweet or savory  and are baked to order at the counter in front of your eyes . In the U.S. , we 're not used to thinking of this tasty dish as a fast-food item , but in Russia it 's available all day and evening . Down it with some kvass , a low-alcohol drink made from rye flour with malt , or else some Hmel ` noy Med  a half litre of honey beer  . Budget Travel : 10 popular travel scams around the world Saudi Arabia : Albaik Signature Dish : The four-piece chicken meal  mild or spicy  with garlic sauce , French fries , and bread  12 riyal , or about $ 3.25 Albaik was founded in 1974 in the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah and quickly became one of the most beloved fast-food chains in the Middle East .  You might have spotted the business-class travelers on Emirates and Qatar Airways toting containers of Albaik along with their duty-free shopping .  Its claim to fame is its breaded chicken , which is pressure fried to keep the meat juicy . The enterprise has 46 permanent locations , which might sound like small potatoes , but when you consider how sparsely populated the Kingdom is , that 's a huge accomplishment . The chain is so popular that the company operates a pop-up restaurant once a year in Mina  Makkah  , which caters to hundreds of thousands of prayerful Muslims a day while they attend Hajj , a five-day religious pilgrimage that usually takes place in the fall . One passing observation : Only men are allowed to work behind the counters , in deference to local custom . Singapore : Toast Box Signature Dish : "  Crispy grilled " kaya  coconut jam  toast with slices of butter , a soft-boiled egg , and a mug of kopi  coffee   Singapore $ 2.50 , or about $ 2 U.S. Founded in Singapore in 2005 , breakfast-and-lunch purveyor Toast Box now has more than 30 locations in the city-state and 12 elsewhere in South Asia and the Pacific , including Hong Kong , Malaysia , and the Philippines . But the dish it specializes in has been served locally by roadside kopitiams  or coffee stands  since the 1920s . Toast Box brandishes one major weapon in the toast-and-spread war against longstanding roadside rivals : It has its employees dress in blue-and-white striped caps and aprons -- a direct appeal to Singaporeans ' delight in snappy uniforms . Yet Toast Box wisely retains the familiar touches of a traditional kopitiam , such as Formica tabletops and natural wood decor . Budget Travel : 12 restaurants with spectacular views South Africa : Steers Signature Dish : Rib burger and chips  32.95 rand , or about $ 4.50 When McDonald 's came to South Africa in 1995 , locals laughed at its Big Mac ; those three ounces of meat looked pretty puny next to the offering from local chain Steers : the Big Steer burger , which packs seven ounces of beef . In red-blooded , meat-loving South Africa , offering burgers of that magnitude is a sure way to gain fans . Steers has since maintained dominance as the national brand of choice , with 483 locations in South Africa today . Reminiscent of the Denny 's chain in the U.S. , Steers provides quick service and comfort food in a sit-down setting , though its restaurants also have to-go and drive-through menus . Burgers are the main item on offer , but pork riblets are a close second , served on a bun , as a rack , or as cut pieces . Budget Travel : 7 most common gas-guzzling mistakes Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	There 's no better way to soak up local culture than sampling the fare residents grab on the go Fast food has been slow to catch on in other countries , and the food is better for it Sample local "  fast food " in Brazil , Germany , China , India or Russia
CNN  -- The allegations grabbed headlines across Mexico and around the globe : Hooded gunmen stormed into a beach bungalow and attacked a group of Spanish tourists , authorities said , raping six women and tying up a group of men with cell phone cables and bikini straps . The high-profile case in the Mexican resort city of Acapulco this week was a sharp reminder of significant security problems in a state that has seen violence surge even as homicide numbers in other hotspots across the country have started to dip . Mexico drug-related violence : How it all started And it drew renewed attention to topics that Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has steered out of the spotlight since he took office in December . As authorities investigate the alleged crime , experts say the incident shows that even as Mexico 's new government tries to paint a brighter picture and revamp the country 's image , realities on the ground remain complicated -- and , in some areas , ugly . Follow the latest news in Spanish at CNNMexico.com A state plagued by warring gangs For years Guerrero state , where Acapulco sits , has ranked among the Mexican states with the highest homicide rates , a crime statistic regularly used by officials and analysts when discussing the overall security situation . Last year Guerrero had more reported gun murders than any other state in Mexico , more than 1,600 , according to a federal government tally released last month . "  While places like Ciudad Juarez have become safer , other places in the country have seen violence spike up , " said Christopher Wilson , an associate at the Washington-based Mexico Institute . "  Acapulco is one of the areas , and in fact , the entire state of Guerrero is one of the places , where there 's been more violence recently . " Local authorities said Tuesday that the alleged rape was n't tied to organized crime but then revealed Wednesday that they believe the victims bought drugs from one or more of the suspects in the days before the alleged attack . Even if a major criminal organization like Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman 's notorious Sinaloa cartel was n't behind the alleged attack , it 's part of a deep-seated security problem in the region , said Alejandro Hope , a security analyst at the Mexican Institute for Competitiveness think tank . "  It was n't El Chapo Guzman , " he said , "  but I think it was one of the many gangs in Acapulco . " Fragmentation of large organizations like the once-powerful Beltran Leyva cartel has fueled the creation of dozens of smaller criminal gangs battling for turf in the Pacific port city and the surrounding state , Hope said . And even though many of the groups are more focused on crimes such as extorting business owners than on drug trafficking , he said , that has n't stemmed the violence . Authorities have n't been able to get a handle on the problem , said Jorge Chabat , who studies security at Mexico 's Center for Research and Teaching in Economics . "  Basically the government ca n't control them , " he said . "  This is just one example of the climate of insecurity that Guerrero has been living . " Particular regions of Mexico -- often those near the border and along lucrative trafficking routes -- have borne the brunt of the country 's drug-related violence . Nationwide , official figures indicate violence in Mexico may be declining . In 2012 , there were 20,568 intentional homicides across the country , an 8.5 % decrease from 2011 . "  2012 was the first year when it fell , but we are still double where we were in 2007 , " Hope said . Experts caution that reliable statistics are hard to come by . Last year the government stopped releasing its tally of deaths tied to organized crime , which had become a measure many used to debate the success of then-President Felipe Calderon 's drug war . Now only more general homicide statistics are released , without describing the circumstances . It 's unclear whether Mexico has turned a corner , Wilson said , but the fact that cities like Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana have seen violence drop gives some hope for the future . "  If they can turn things around , then there 's no reason why every other city in Mexico ca n't do the same thing , " Wilson said . "  We now have success stories , which we could n't say three years ago . " A new president changes the tone Even if the numbers may be shifting in his favor , Mexico 's new president has n't been talking much about violence . Right before he took office , Pena Nieto began a trip to the United States in November saying that ties between the neighboring nations must go beyond the drug war . In Mexico now , the once-common government press conferences presenting high-profile cartel captures seem to be a thing of the past . "  There 's a belief that they have that the criminal groups do sort of take advantage of the media and the attention in order to create fear , basically , and therefore space to act with impunity , " Wilson said . "  So the government decided deliberately they wo n't parade recently arrested criminals in front of the cameras . " That 's a marked change from his predecessor , Calderon , who announced a crackdown on cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . The war on drugs became a hallmark of his presidency , and the death toll from drug-related violence during his tenure had soared to more than 47,500 when the government stopped releasing updated figures in early 2012 -- his last year in office . In farewell speeches , Calderon noted that 25 of Mexico 's 37 most wanted criminals had been apprehended on his watch . "  The government of Pena Nieto is trying not to talk about the issue of violence , " said Chabat . "  It 's a strategy to change perceptions . " The reason is clear , said George W. Grayson , who studied Mexico 's ruthless Zetas cartel for his 2012 book "  The Executioner 's Men . " "  You do n't want to talk about your crazy aunt in the attic . ... They want to shift the narrative , " he said . On the campaign trail last year , Pena Nieto vowed to reduce violence and said he 'd take a different tack -- an election promise that played well with voters in a country weary of a drug war with a growing body count . But two months into his six-year presidency , analysts say it 's still unclear how he 'll accomplish that goal . "  What he wants to crack down on are kidnappings , extortion , what 's more likely to affect average people . There 's been no secret that he wants to move in that direction and use more of a scalpel than a broad sword in combating the cartels , " Grayson said , "  and he seems to have sent a subliminal message to the cartels saying that if you just conduct your business and do n't disturb civilians , we 're not going to ignore you , but you 're not a top priority . " Pena Nieto has stressed that fixing social and economic problems will foster peace in Mexico , and he 's made some security policy shifts . He started his term by eliminating the public safety ministry and placing the federal police it once controlled under the interior ministry 's power . He 's also discussed a plan to divide the country into regions to tackle security problems and to create a new national gendarmerie force , which could eventually send Mexico 's military out of the streets and back into their barracks . But the time frame for those changes is uncertain . And in the meantime , discussing violence less does n't make the longstanding systemic problems fueling it go away , Chabat said . "  It is important for any government to talk about other topics , like the economy . But you ca n't negate what is happening , what people are still experiencing , " he said . ` We are left with no other choice ' In some areas of Mexico , residents are tired of waiting for the government to step in to solve their problems . "  What we are seeing in a lot of parts of the country is a vacuum of the state ... and the proliferation of private security corps , of paramilitary groups , " Chabat said . Incidents like the tourist attack in Guerrero will only do more to promote that approach , Chabat said , noting that it raises worrying concerns about abuses by vigilantes taking the law into their own hands . "  The government is overcome . ... That 's the tragedy , " he said . "  There is no short-term solution . " As word of this week 's rape allegations in Acapulco spread , a group of people in one nearby neighborhood took a vote on Tuesday . If local , state and federal officials ca n't track down and apprehend those responsible , they decided they 'll take matters into their own hands . "  We are going to have to rise up with weapons . ... We can not wait until they keep destroying the port of Acapulco with these kinds of incidents , " said Sergio Mejia , president of a 35-member association of restaurant and business owners in Acapulco 's Bonfil beach community . "  We think the government is very timid , very slow . If there is no immediate response , it leaves us no choice but to join the fight and set up checkpoints on the street corners . " Months ago , he read about other groups in the region taking similar steps , forming paramilitary self-defense groups of masked men that patrol the streets . At first , it seemed extreme . Now , it sounds sensible , he said . In this area where the economy relies on tourism , he said , residents are tired of waiting for authorities to take action . But it 's not just that a high-profile crime targeting tourists is bad for business . "  Today they were foreigners , " said Mejia , who owns a restaurant that specializes in serving up freshly caught seafood . "  Tomorrow it could be our families . " Guerrero is named for a military general who fought for Mexico 's independence from Spain . It 's also the Spanish word for warrior . If the government ca n't protect them , Mejia says it 's time for the state 's residents to fight back . More : Town takes justice into their own hands CNN 's Miguel Marquez , Nick Parker and David Ariosto and CNNMexico.com 's Nadia Sanders contributed to this report .	A high-profile case in a violence-plagued Mexican state draws worldwide attention The alleged rape of six Spanish tourists in Acapulco casts a spotlight on violence Experts : Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has been trying to change perceptions Based on official figures , violence may be declining nationwide but spiking in some areas
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  They were sons and daughters , brothers and sisters , friends and fellow citizens . They were students and dreamers , pursuing their ambition for a better life . And on Tuesday night , Kenyans remembered them as innocent victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation and left communities heartbroken . The gathering started with quiet chatter among a crowd of hundreds before mourners went silent and moved toward one end of Nairobi 's Uhuru Park . Organizers unloaded 147 crosses from a truck and quietly planted them in the ground . Mourners read names of some of the victims as candles flickered in the dark . The crowd then sang the national anthem . The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people , mostly students . The Al-Shabaab militant group claimed responsibility . As the country mourned the victims , others took to social media to humanize them by sharing their stories . They talked about aspiring lawyers , doctors and teachers . "  I ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , " said Mary Wambui , 32 , who lives in Nakuru , hundreds of miles from Garissa . "  They were just children . They were trying to make a better life for themselves . Some were first to go to college in their communities . They died trying to get an education . " Using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , Kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims . They shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy , in happier days . They talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children 's bodies . "  We need to talk about the bright futures cut short , " said Boniface Mwangi , who organized the vigil . "  Today 's meeting will be a calling to say , ` We need to remember the 147 ; they are not just a number . ' We are trying to avoid remembering these people as just a number . " Some students remain unaccounted for , and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues . Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims . At Uhuru Park , right next to the crosses , a bulletin board featured 32 photos of the young students . "  With the previous attacks , there 's been a sense of the victims just being numbers , " Doreen Areri said . "  The idea behind this is to have faces behind the numbers . We need to hear their stories , their dreams . " Kellie Murungi said she got some solace from the vigil . "  In 2010 , I was in a grenade attack in downtown Nairobi and every time there 's a terrorist attack , it hits too close to home , " Murungi said . " It 's not just happened to me , but many others . " The vigil was important for the healing process , she said , because "  we should n't have people walking around with scars . " It was the deadliest attack in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 people at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in 1998 . In the Garissa attack , the terrorists separated Christians from Muslims , making some recite verses from the Quran . Those who could n't quote the holy book tried to flee the gunfire , but whizzing bullets sent them to the ground . Others scampered into closets and stayed there for hours . Images from the scene showed heaps of students , faces down , lying in pools of blood . "  Those images will haunt us forever , " said Martin Otieno , 29 , who lives in Nairobi . "  As a nation , we should never let this happen . We just ca n't . " Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab 's training camps in Somalia , according to a military source , adding that the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at the university . "  The latest attack of Al-Shabaab bases by the Kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 . It is not a retaliation to the Garissa attack . The operation has been ongoing , " the source said Monday . Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport , a police source said Monday . It 's unclear why the elite team was stuck in the Kenyan capital about 230 miles  370 kilometers  west of the attack . Kenyan politicians and Nairobi-based journalists arrived on the scene before the team did . Once the team entered the university complex , the hourslong siege was quickly defused . But a government spokesman defended the response time . "  With the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , " said Manoah Esipisu , a spokesman for Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta . However , he added , Kenyan authorities "  got the job done " and saved lives . Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN on Monday . She denied reports that an elite rapid response team single-handedly ended the siege . "  We have a military garrison in Garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . So the response was adequate , " she said . "  We did everything that we could do . " Kenya 's Interior Ministry named Mohamed Mohamud as the organizer of the attack . The senior Al-Shabaab leader is also known by the aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere , it said . The ministry offered a reward of 20 million Kenyan shillings , or about $ 215,000 , for information on his whereabouts . He is in charge of external operations against Kenya , according to a government document , and commands the militia along the border . Another terrorist involved in the attacks is Abdirahim Abdullahi , a Kenyan-Somali and the son of a government chief in Mandera , authorities said . Mandera is in northern Kenya . Dorm becomes scene of a slaughter Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia , and its violence has spread to Kenya before . In 2013 , militants attacked Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall , leaving 67 people dead . The terror group has intensified attacks in Kenya since the country sent troops to Somalia four years ago to help battle the militants . CNN 's David McKenzie and Joseph Netto reported from Nairobi , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	Kenyans gather in Nairobi to remember victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students
CNN  A 6-year-old boy in Missouri endured an emotional four-hour staged kidnapping because his family thought he was being too nice to people he did n't know , police said Thursday . The four people involved in the alleged plot -- the boy 's mother , grandmother , aunt and a co-worker of the aunt -- have been charged with kidnapping and other felonies , the Lincoln County Sheriff 's Office said . "  Family members told investigators their primary intent was to educate the victim and felt they did nothing wrong , " the press release said . During his reported ordeal the boy was lured Monday into a pickup after getting off his school bus , tied up , threatened with a gun , taken to a basement where his pants were removed , and told he could be sold into sex slavery , police said . The boy was told in the truck by Nathan Wynn Firoved , the aunt 's co-worker , that he would never "  see his mommy again , " and he would be "  nailed to the wall of a shed , " the sheriff 's statement said . The boy started to cry , police said , and Firoved , 23 , showed the child a gun and said he would be harmed if he did n't stop bawling . Firoved used plastic bags to tie the child 's hands and feet , police said . He took his jacket and covered the boy 's head so he could n't see . He guided the boy , still unable to see , into the basement of the mother 's home , where his 38-year-old aunt took off the boy 's pants , according to the sheriff 's statement . "  The victim remained in the basement for some time before he was unbound and told to go upstairs , where the victim 's family lectured him about stranger danger , " the statement said . The suspects kept each other updated throughout the incident on cell phones , police said . The boy 's 25-year-old mother , Elizabeth Hupp of Troy , is charged with felony kidnapping and felony abuse and neglect of a child . The 58-year-old grandmother , Rose Brewer ; the aunt , Denise Kroutil ; and Firoved are also charged with felonious restraint . The sheriff said Kroutil approached Firoved to kidnap her nephew to "  scare " him because he was "  too nice " to people . The statement alleges the mother and grandmother both agreed the boy should be kidnapped to teach him a lesson . The boy was placed into protective custody after he told school officials Wednesday what had happened to him . CNN has been trying to track down lawyers for the accused , but has been unable to locate information on the attorneys . Troy is about an hour northwest of St. Louis .	Sheriff 's office in Lincoln County , Missouri , says relatives said they did nothing wrong Boy was tied up and threatened by man with gun , police say They say he was taken to a basement where his pants were removed , told he could become sex slave
New York  CNN  -- Legendary talk show host Larry King , who set a world record for the longest-running television show hosted by the same person , will be honored this fall with a lifetime achievement Emmy . The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced Thursday that King is being honored for his "  influential 50-year broadcasting career " and his 25 years hosting CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  Larry King Live " debuted on CNN in June 1985 . King drew viewers with a unique conversational approach to interviewing . Time magazine called him "  master of the mic . " Over the course of his career , he conducted 50,000 interviews , including every president since Richard Nixon , Hollywood 's top celebrities and the day 's top newsmakers . "  Larry King changed the landscape of cable television , and television news in general , " the academy said . "  King 's show was a must-stop for presidents and politicians , and gave viewers direct access to some of the most important and influential people in the United States and the world . From the White House to Graceland , from the beaches of Normandy to New York 's Ground Zero , from inside the boxing ring with Mike Tyson to the basketball court with LeBron James , King took his viewers on a remarkable , first-hand journey with him , " the academy said . "  Larry King Live " went off the air in December of 2010 , but King continues to host specials for CNN . King , who started as a local radio announcer in Miami and later was the host of a nationwide radio interview show , will receive the lifetime achievement award for news and documentary September 26 in New York .	The television academy honors King 's "  influential " 50-year career The first "  Larry King Live " aired on CNN in June 1985 The legendary talk show host conducted more than 50,000 interviews
CNN  -- Do n't ask music super-producer Benny Blanco to whip up a No. 1 song for an artist because it ai n't gon na happen . Sure , the man knows how to make hits : His work on Rihanna 's "  Diamonds " and Ke $ ha 's "  Die Young " landed both at the top of the Billboard charts . But he 's the first to tell you that trying to compose a chart topper is almost always guaranteed to fail . "  When you 're like , ` Yo , we got ta write a hit song , we need a hit song right now , " that never works , " Blanco told CNN . "  Every time that happens , I never write a hit song . I write a s **** y song that sounds like someone trying to make a hit song . " Blanco knows of what he speaks . Two of the songs he helped produce are up for Grammys this year : Maroon 5 's "  Payphone , " nominated for best pop duo or group performance , and Trey Songz 's "  Heart Attack , " which is competing for best R&B song . Blanco said in an era where singles rule  seriously , when was the last time you bought an entire album ?  the pressure is on labels , artists and producers more than ever to produce a song that will head straight to the top of the charts . But what does that song look and sound like ? Is it an earworm such as Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " ? An intensely personal tale such as Adele 's "  Set Fire to the Rain " or a breezy "  I can relate to that " poppy tune such as Taylor Swift 's "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together . " The answer is yes . "  Everything needs to be a hook , " said Blanco , who snagged the Songwriter of the Year Award at the BMI Pop Awards in 2012 along with Ester Dean and Pitbull . "  Everything needs to be catchy because a listener is either going to stay with the song or lose interest in the first five seconds . But people also like those songs they can relate to and say , ` Yeah , I went through that . ' " Chris Mooney , senior director of artist promotions at TuneCore , said artists looking for a No. 1 song have to prepare their fans for a release by using every social media tool available : YouTube videos , tweets , Facebook postings , etc. . TuneCore distributes music for artists through partners such as iTunes and Spotify for a nominal fee . The company does not , he said , take a percentage of the revenue of the music distributed , and that business model has attracted such well-known acts as Nine Inch Nails , Ziggy Marley and the Civil Wars to use the service . But if an artist wants to have a true No. 1 smash across the country , he or she will have to resort to some old-fashioned methods , Mooney said . "  You really need radio play , and that 's not something everyone can do , " he said . "  But I still think that 's key to having a No. 1 song . " That type of marketing to get airplay can be a pricey proposition . Just ask Sarah Stennett , an A&R executive and manager who works with singers Ellie Goulding and Jessie J . There are plenty of songs that are good tunes , Stennett said , but "  when you 've got a record that works , you need a record label that will then work that record . " But for a label to justify the expense of promoting an artist , the singer and song have to gel in a way that will connect with the audience , she said . "  There are certain songs that just encapsulate all you need to know about an artist , " Stennett said . "  They are like personality records . For instance , ` Get the Party Started ' by Pink . It was a hit , but it also told you a great deal about who Pink was as an artist . " Stennett said the machine involved in promotion has to remain enthusiastic about the project . "  Everyone has to be about the message , " she said . "  It 's about spreading the message . Have you heard this song by ... ? " Silvio Pietroluongo , director of charts for Billboard , said the conundrum the music industry faces is that while albums are n't selling nearly as well as before , the music is bigger than ever . "  I think music is more popular and accessible today than it 's ever been , " he said . "  It 's a major component of advertising campaigns , sporting events and anything multimedia . " That means the industry now has varying degrees of success , he said , from an artist such as Adele , whom he calls "  lightning in the bottle " able to sell both singles and albums , to some such as Jepsen , who has sold millions of singles but not as many albums . Pietroluongo said any artist is one hit away from that big break or even a comeback . But today 's hit can easily come from performers such as Flo Rida , who , Pietroluongo said , is one of the all-time , top-selling digital download artists despite a lack of recognition as a hitmaker . "  They are catchy tracks , " Pietroluongo said of the rapper 's music . "  I think the challenge with Flo Rida has been to put a face with the hits . I 'm not sure if you locked 10 people in a room that half of them would realize that all the songs they love are Flo Rida . " Producer Blanco is also not easily recognizable , though he may increasingly be responsible for some of the most played music out these days . The process of putting it all together is as much fun as work , he said . It often starts with a roomful of friends and lots of food . He likes to write with friends , he said , since as soon as he writes anything he usually shares it with them anyway . And a hit could occur while he 's chilling in a hot tub or taking a walk : anything as long as the ideas keep flowing . "  I let the song come to me , " he said . "  Then that thing comes to you , and you just know what that thing is . Music is n't like a 9-to-5 job . You never know . It 's just the most unpredictable thing . "	A hit song could be a catchy earworm or a heartfelt ballad Top producer Benny Blanco says every song needs a hook Billboard expert says while albums are n't selling big , music is everywhere
CNN  -- It was a wonderful life . That 's how Edith Windsor describes her partnership with Thea Clara Spyer . Theirs was not a fleeting romance -- the women were together 42 years sharing ups and downs , laughs and tears . They also shared what they 'd earned together , including from Windsor 's job as a programmer with IBM and Spyer 's work as a psychologist . "  We were mildly affluent and extremely happy , " Windsor said . "  We were like most couples . " But even after they married in 2007 in Toronto , some 40 years into their courtship , the two women were not "  like most couples " in the eyes of the state of New York , where they lived , nor in the eyes of the U.S. government , which under the Defense of Marriage Act mandates that a spouse , as legally defined , must be a person of the opposite sex . This fact hit Windsor hard in 2009 , while in a hospital after suffering a heart attack a month after Spyer 's death . As she recovered and mourned , Windsor realized she faced a hefty bill for inheritance taxes -- $ 363,053 more than was warranted , she later claimed in court -- because Spyer was , in legal terms , little more than a friend . "  It was incredible indignation , " Windsor recalled feeling . "  Just the numbers were so cruel . " This anger gave way to action . Why , she and her lawyers argued , should her relationship with Spyer be any different when it came to rights , taxes and more than a heterosexual couple ? Why should Windsor have to pay , literally , for losing her soulmate -- even though , by 2009 , New York courts had recognized that "  foreign same-sex marriages " should be recognized in the state as valid ? In October , Windsor , now 83 , got an answer in the form of a ruling opinion from the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . That court found , in her favor , that the Defense of Marriage Act violates the Constitution 's equal protection clause and thus she should n't have had to pay an inheritance tax after her partner 's death . This follows a similar ruling , in May , from another federal appeals court in Boston . Federal appeals court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act Neither opinion settles the matter for good . That is expected to happen next year when the Supreme Court will weigh the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act through the prism of Windsor and Spyer 's story . It is one of two cases related to same-sex marriage that the high court will consider , it announced Friday . The other addresses California 's Proposition 8 . Even with those cases still to be decided , Windsor said earlier this fall -- when the lower court decided in her favor , three years after Spyer 's death -- that she felt she could finally breathe and celebrate . It was a day she relished , and one she did n't entirely expect after all her heartache . "  What I 'm feeling is elated , " Windsor said . "  Did I ever think it could come to be , altogether ? ... Not a chance in hell . " Instant chemistry in Greenwich Village Born in Philadelphia in 1929 , on the eve of the Great Depression , Windsor graduated from Temple University and earned a master 's degree , in 1957 , from New York University , according to a fall 2011 story in the latter school 's alumni magazine . She had come to New York hoping for a fresh start after a brief marriage , according to the report . And professionally , she found it -- working for NYU 's math department and soon entering data into its UNIVAC , one of a few dozen of the huge commercial computers then in operation . Her knack for programming eventually helped her land a job , and to excel , at IBM . But something was missing in her life , personally . Or , as Windsor put it more succinctly , "  I suddenly could n't take it anymore . " In the documentary "  Edie and Thea : A Very Long Engagement , " she recalled pleading with an old friend to take her "  where the lesbians go . " And so Windsor spent one Friday night at Portofino , a restaurant in New York 's Greenwich Village . "  Somebody brought Thea over and introduced her . And we ended up dancing , " she recalled . "  And we immediately just fit , " added Spyer , on the documentary . Timeline : Same-sex marriage After reuniting two years later , according to their New York Times ' wedding announcement , their connection proved deep and lasting . In 1967 , Spyer proposed marriage with a round diamond pin . A year later , they purchased a house together in Southampton , according to the NYU Alumni Magazine story . Yet while the gay rights ' movement took off after the 1969 Stonewall Riots , which occurred while Windsor and Spyer were vacationing in Italy , an actual marriage -- a legal union -- seemed out of the question . Marriage , at last , and then heartache Regardless , their love remained strong . On the documentary , filmed around 2007 , Spyer said , "  Each one of us , in fact , looks different from how we looked when we met . But if I look at Edie now , she looks exactly the same to me . Exactly the same . " Windsor had halted her new career as a gay rights activist to help care for her partner , who suffered from multiple sclerosis . And it was after getting a "  bad prognosis  that  I had another year to live and that was it " that Spyer proposed again . "  And I said yes , " Windsor recalled . "  She said , ` So do I. ' " Video shows Spyer being pushed through the airport in her wheelchair . It was from that seat -- on May 22 , 2007 , at Toronto 's Sheraton Gateway Hotel -- that she gave her vows to make their marriage official in Canada . "  I , Thea Spyer , choose you , Edith Windsor , to be my lawful , wedded spouse , " she said . "  For richer and for poorer , in sickness and in health , until death do us part . " Having happily gone four decades without , Windsor soon realized how much the marriage meant to her . It made her and Spyer 's love legitimate and all the more real . "  It 's different because somewhere you 're a hidden person , and suddenly you 're a citizen of the world , " she said in October . But what happened as Spyer 's condition worsened , and after her death , proved a stark reminder they were not legally united in their own country . And the fact that New York legalized same-sex marriage in 2011 did n't mean that Windsor , for example , would suddenly get back the hundreds of thousands of dollars in inheritance tax that she 'd given to the government . That could happen , however , if the Supreme Court upholds the appeals court ruling . That is Windsor 's hope , as is that whether a committed couple is heterosexual or homosexual becomes irrelevant within the next decade . In the meantime , Windsor said she 's proud to fight for something bigger than herself and the legitimacy of her union with Spyer . She hopes , through her struggle , to help make it so gay teenagers can "  fall in love knowing there 's a future , " that children of gay couples wo n't feel the need to explain their families , and that homophobia becomes a thing of the past . "  I feel like I 'm representing them . "	Edith Windsor and Thea Spyer met in New York and were together more than 40 years They could n't legally marry in the U.S. , but they did tie the knot in 2007 in Toronto When Spyer died , Windsor paid a large inheritance tax -- then fought it in court A court rules their union was valid ; the Supreme Court will take up the case next year
CNN  -- The big winners at Sunday 's MTV Europe Music Awards spanned the generations . On one end , there was rock legend Ozzy Osbourne , who was honored with the global icon award . And on the other , there were the boy bands One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer , who were crowned pop music princes by the end of the ceremony . The 2014 MTV EMAs , MTV 's 20th installment of the internationally focused music awards show , was held in Glasgow , Scotland and hosted by Nicki Minaj . In addition to offering up multiple wardrobe changes throughout the night , Minaj also introduced a new song from her upcoming album , "  The Pinkprint . " "  Scotland , I 'd like to take you on a journey tonight , " Minaj promised before diving into a medley that included one of her past hits , "  Super Bass , " and the "  Bed of Lies , " which also features singer Skylar Grey . Get More : Nicki Minaj , EMA , Full Episodes Minaj , who was a winner herself on Sunday as she picked up the best hip hop award , closed out the medley with her current smash , "  Anaconda . " Ariana Grande , who 's ditched her signature ponytail , gave a high-flying performance during Sunday 's show . She went on to grab two awards , one of which was for her single "  Problem . " Get More : Ariana Grande , EMA , Full Episodes Ed Sheeran , Alicia Keys , Charli XCX and Kiesza are a few of the other performers who also took the stage throughout the evening , but the 2014 EMAs had something special in store to end the night . Slash teamed up with Myles Kennedy , Simon Neil and the Conspirators to close out the show with a tribute to Ozzy Osbourne that was immediately a must-see . Earlier in the evening , Slash presented Ozzy with his global icon award . Get More : Slash featuring Myles Kennedy And the Conspirators , EMA , Full Episodes "  For four decades the Prince of Darkness has rocked anyone who dared to listen , " Slash said . "  This is a guy who does not know how to do ordinary . He scares the hell out of most people and all bats . But to me is a gentle man and a gentleman . " And what does Ozzy think of his new icon status ? "  I do n't know where they got this icon s *** from , " the rocker quipped . "  But it 's good to be here tonight . God bless you all , thank you for coming . " Here 's the list of winners from the 2014 MTV EMAs : Best Song "  Problem , " Ariana Grande feat . Iggy Azalea Best Pop One Direction Best Female Ariana Grande Best Male Justin Bieber Artist On The Rise 5 Seconds Of Summer Best Live One Direction Best New Artist 5 Seconds Of Summer Best Video "  Dark Horse , " Katy Perry feat . Juicy J Best Rock Linkin Park Best Alternative Thirty Seconds To Mars Best Hip Hop Nicki Minaj Best Electronic Calvin Harris Best Song With A Message "  Pretty Hurts , " Beyonce Biggest Fans One Direction Best Look Katy Perry Best PUSH 5 Seconds Of Summer Best World Stage Enrique Iglesias Worldwide Act Bibi Zhou Global Icon Ozzy Osbourne	The 2014 MTV EMAs were held Sunday Nicki Minaj hosted , and also debuted a new song Ariana Grande , Ed Sheeran and Charli XCX were among the performers Ozzy Osbourne was given the global icon award
CNN  West Coast dock workers and port management have been locked in heated labor negotiations since their contract expired in July of 2014 . Such negotiations are often difficult and proceed in fits and starts . But in this case , the increasingly contentious and protracted dispute could have major economic consequences for America if it is n't settled soon . During these negotiations , port operations have gradually slowed as each side seeks to put pressure on the other . The International Longshore and Warehouse Union and the Pacific Maritime Association need to set aside their differences and reach an agreement that will ensure the continued success and competitiveness of these ports . And it is imperative that an agreement be reached without any further slowdowns or shutdowns . This serious drag in talks threatens to disrupt the U.S. economic recovery , which is still fragile . The negotiators are n't the ones suffering -- it 's all of the other industries , employers and employees throughout the country who depend on goods moving in and out of the ports . Agricultural exports are rotting at the ports , and in some cases , in the fields . They ca n't be picked because they ca n't be shipped . Manufacturers are shutting down shifts for lack of imported parts and losing overseas customers because goods are not being shipped , or they 're resorting to air shipments that cost significantly more than traditional shipping methods . Retailers are not getting critical merchandise for the upcoming spring and summer seasons . Trucking and railroad companies are either sitting idle or handling far less cargo , and trains are not moving westward because they can not unload , which is causing disruptions in the rail freight system across the country . This brinksmanship is also causing long-term damage to the reliability of American companies . When international customers ca n't get what they need from American suppliers -- both agricultural and manufactured -- there are plenty of competitors from other countries ready to step in . Once those contracts are lost , they will be very difficult to get back . Similarly , there will be long-term consequences for the West Coast ports as shippers and those who rely on goods moving in and out of these ports find other ways to bring their cargo into North America -- either through Canada , Mexico or through the expanded Panama Canal to the Gulf and East Coast ports . Even if a deal was done tomorrow , there will be many months before all the backed up cargo is pushed through the system . Ultimately , if there is a full shutdown , it will cost exporters , importers , shippers and others an estimated $ 2 billion a day . The 10-day shutdown in 2002 cost the economy and estimated $ 1 billion a day and took a half year to clear out the backlog of containers . The situation has reached crisis point , and the parties must find a way to get a deal and get goods moving again . The situation is so urgent , and distress over the West Coast ports has become so widespread , that lawmakers from both sides of the aisle held a news conference at the Capitol last week to press for action . We have called on President Barack Obama to use his bully pulpit to ramp up the urgency on these negotiations and make clear to the parties that the country is desperate for them to get a deal . We were pleased to see that President Obama dispatched Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez to California to meet with the parties and convey to them the desperate need to find a resolution . We 've been encouraged that Secretary Perez has reached out to learn about the impacts this stalemate is causing throughout the country . If a full shutdown does occur , we will request that the President use his full authority under the Taft-Hartley Act to force the parties back into negotiations and keep the ports open . The answer , though , is for the parties to come together now and reach an agreement .	Labor negotiations on West Coast ports will have major economic impact if the dispute is n't settled soon Thomas Donohue : President Obama can use his bully pulpit to ramp up the urgency on these talks
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has agreed to hold formal talks with its southeast Asian neighbors about establishing a "  code of conduct " to ease maritime tensions in the South China Sea , a major step forward in the long-running dispute . A statement issued after a weekend meeting of foreign ministers from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  and China in Brunei , said the countries "  aim to reach a conclusion of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea , which will service to enhance peace , stability and prosperity in the region . " The South China Sea is home to messy mix of rival territorial claims , with China , Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam disputing sovereignty of island chains and nearby waters . The areas in dispute include fertile fishing grounds and potentially rich reserves of undersea natural resources . Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? However , analysts said the move was unlikely to yield a quick fix for one of the region 's biggest flash points . Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , Northeast Asia Director at the International Crisis Group in Beijing , said that it was a "  positive development " and a code of conduct was urgently needed as China steps up its law enforcement patrols and military exercises in the South China Sea . "  It also provides substance to Beijing 's rhetoric that its relations with Southeast Asian countries remain a foreign policy priority , " she said . "  But this is only a first step , and there is a long way before an effective code can be developed and implemented . Beijing has a record of suspending talks as soon as tensions with rival claimant countries flare -- precisely when talks are most needed . " China has previously stated that it wishes to deal bilaterally with disputes in the South China Sea but a multitude of domestic problems , and the headway the U.S. is making in the region as part of its "  pivot " to Asia , means China 's new leaders have decided that now is not the time to press issue , Kleine-Ahlbrandt added . Speaking to ASEAN foreign ministers on Monday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he supported a "  substantive " code of conduct to deal with the overlapping territorial claims . His predecessor , Hilary Clinton , repeatedly emphasized the need for a multi-lateral solution to the problem . "  As a pacific nation , and a resident power , the United States has a national interest in the maintenance of peace and stability , respect for international law , unimpeded lawful commerce and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea , " Kerry said , according to the Straits Times . "  As we have said many times before , while we do not take a position on competing territorial claims over land features , we have a strong interest in the manners in which the disputes of the South China Sea are addressed , and in the conduct of the parties . " Friction between China and the Philippines has intensified this year following several naval standoffs , with Manila challenging Beijing 's claims to waters off the Philippines at an international arbitration tribunal . Ian Storey , senior follow at the Institute for Southeast Asian Studies in Singapore , says a code of conduct is a way to manage , not solve , the dispute and China is likely to drag out talks . It has already asked for the formation of an "  experts committee " to advise on the drafting on the code of conduct that could slow negotiations , he added . "  Even at the end of the process , the final agreement is unlikely to be this formal , binding , effective and robust agreement that people are hoping to see . "	China agrees formal talks with ASEAN countries over code of conduct Move could ease maritime tensions in South China Sea But analysts warn there is no quick fix to the dispute They add China is likely to drag feet in negotiations
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- The flag of Arizona , skeletons and the Statue of Liberty are just some of the images evoked by a group of artists to give life to their views on Arizona 's new immigration law . The collection of prints , sculptures , paintings and photographs are featured in the traveling exhibit , "  SB1070 : An Artist 's Point of View , " which opened at the Arizona Latino Arts & Cultural Center in Phoenix the weekend before the law took effect on July 29 . The show will move to galleries throughout Arizona and across the country in an effort to educate the public on how artists from the state that has become ground zero in the immigration debate perceive the matter , said the show 's organizer . "  This educational exhibit was born from the thought that there has to be a different way of reaching people 's hearts on this issue , " said Annie Loyd , founder and CEO of The FUSION Foundation , which organized the exhibit in collaboration with the cultural center . "  This show is not a protest show , " she said . "  This was truly meant to be something that evokes people 's emotions , that allows you to work your way into the art and really consider what 's going on . " The show took shape quickly after its conceptualization in a marketing meeting in early June . A call to artists in Arizona for contributions was quickly met with more submissions than the show could hold , prompting its organizers to rotate pieces each time the show moves to a new space . In their works , the artists bring their personal history and experiences with immigration in Arizona -- a divisive issue in the border state long before SB1070 brought it under the national microscope . "  My mother was undocumented , my father born in Texas , and she feared immigration all her life , even after she became a citizen , " said Martin Moreno , whose painting , Born in the USA , depicts the wake of a son of a Mexican-born wife and American husband . "  She never went back to Mexico , and that same scenario has played over thousands of times . Even today , my son is in the same situation . He is a citizen and my daughter-in-law is undocumented . History repeats itself , " he said . Moreno describes his piece as "  a portrait of a family sharing two cultures , " with the father in his National Guardsman uniform , and the mother in traditional Mexican garb , lighting a candle of the Virgin of Guadalupe . "  The piece tries to address that many couples have a foot in two worlds , " he said , "  and that has n't changed in my lifetime . "	Artwork in "  SB1070 : An Artist 's Point of View " uses skeletons , flags to express views on law The traveling exhibit is intended to offer another means of examining issue , organizer says Each artist brings personal history , experiences with immigration in Arizona to pieces
CNN  -- The killing last weekend of a Catholic priest and two seminary students in southwest Mexico marked the first time that drug cartel hit men have purposefully targeted a clergyman , said Manuel Corral , public relations secretary for Mexico 's Council of Bishops . The Rev. Habacuc Hernandez Benitez , 39 , was gunned down as he traveled in a vehicle in the town of Arcelia in the state of Guerrero , together with two seminary students , Eduardo Oregon Benitez , 19 , and Silvestre Gonzalez Cambron , 21 . "  In this case the drug traffickers followed them and ambushed them , " said Corral , who declined to name which cartel is suspected behind the incident . Authorities have not stated a motive in the case , but Corral said one line of investigation is that one of the seminary students had a family member involved with a drug cartel , and that the three were killed as revenge for some cause . At least seven priests have been killed in Mexico since 2005 under violent circumstances , including being kidnapped , shot and beaten . Organized crime has been suspected in some of these cases , but Saturday 's killing in Guerrero left no doubt of the perpetrators ' business , Corral said . Hernandez and the two seminarians had just celebrated Mass in Arcelia and were leaving the area when a group of unknown gunmen pulled up next to their vehicle and opened fire , according to the local human rights organization Montana Tlachinollan . Local reports added that after shooting the priest 's vehicle , the gunmen pulled the men outside and shot them in the back . The incident paralyzed area residents to the point that no one in the town would go to identify the bodies , Montana Tlachinollan reported . The three victims remained "  unknown " until someone from out of town came to officially identify them . Since taking office in 2006 , Mexican President Felipe Calderon has made the fight against drug cartels a priority . He has dispatched more than 25,000 troops to augment local police forces . Last year , drug violence was blamed for the deaths of 78 Mexican soldiers and more than 6,000 others . This year , the drug violence has claimed more than 2,900 lives , according to the newspaper El Universal . The clergy has not been spared from the spike in drug-related violence that has afflicted regions of Mexico , Corral said . "  The threats are not new , " he said . "  As drug trafficking continued to grow , from about 2004 on , the priests continued to denounce it , and they themselves were threatened . " In April , the archbishop of the northern state of Durango raised fears of attacks on the clergy after he said that Mexico 's most wanted man , Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , lives in a Durango town and that "  everybody knows it except the authorities . " The comment , which was made in private conversation , stirred fears of retaliation and the archbishop backed off his statement after it quickly spread . Of the 15,000 priests in Mexico , Corral estimated that 1,000 had been threatened in some form , and that 300 priests have been threatened directly . Those direct threats -- usually in the form of "  shut up , or we 'll shut you up " -- have come from intermediaries for organized crime or anonymously , Corral said . The threats against the clergy have been serious enough that in some 20 cases , priests in Mexico were transferred to other parishes out of regard for their safety , he said . The targeting of a priest is significant because it marks another boundary crossed by drug cartels , Corral said . Bishops have noted that in surveys they conduct with families in their dioceses , drug dealing and domestic drug use top the list of problems families face , whereas three or five years ago it did n't make the list . As enforcement action in Mexico and the United States has increased , domestic drug consumption in Mexico has increased . Domestic drug use has torn families apart and made the new generation of traffickers more violent and less respectful of institutions like the church , Corral said . But these same traffickers who threaten priests are paradoxically the same people that the church wants to reach . "  Rebuilding the social fabric has been a mission of the church , " Corral said . "  We ca n't live in fear . " Another notable killing , the 1993 murder of Guadalajara Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo , has been attributed by some as a case of mistaken identity by drug traffickers , though church officials have publicly expressed doubts that the killers were traffickers . The state of Guerrero , known for its beach destination of Acapulco , in recent years has been the setting of turf wars over drug trafficking routes between the Gulf cartel , the Sinaloa cartel , and an organization known as La Familia .	Priest 's murder crosses a line , says Manuel Corral of Mexico 's Council of Bishops Of 15,000 priests in Mexico , 1,000 have been threatened by traffickers , Corral says Clergy have long denounced drug world , but now have become targets themselves
LONDON , England  CNN  -- What to do with 50,000 used , possibly smelly and dirty prison mattresses that need to be disposed of every year ? Discarded mattresses pile up alongside trash in London in January of this year . Britain 's Prison Service won praise Thursday for its innovative solution to the problem : recycle the mattresses for carpet underlay , or break them down for fencing or even roof tiles . Most of the mattresses are sent to landfills . There are enough of them each year to fill 30 double-decker buses , the National Audit Office said Thursday . The Prison Service wanted to find a better way to dispose of the mattresses -- a "  zero-waste " solution that also cost less money , the NAO said . It worked with suppliers and launched a competition to find the best solution . They ended up coming up with several proposals to reuse the mattresses , and the Prison Service is now testing them out , the NAO said . Thursday 's report highlighted several other examples of ways that government departments have used innovation to their advantage . "  We have selected them as good examples of innovative approaches which have lessons for how innovation can be managed in government , " the report said .	UK 's prison system wins praise for recycling mattresses Prison mattresses sent to landfills could fill 30 double-decker buses UK 's Prison Service sought a "  zero-waste " solution to tossed mattresses
CNN  -- The race for line honors in the annual Sydney-Hobart yacht race is developing into a thrilling battle between three giant maxi yachts . Neville Crichton 's Alfa Romeo was leading after the fleet emerged from the first night , but less than five nautical miles separated the New Zealand 100-footer from British entry ICAP Leopard , skippered by Mike Slade , and four-time line honors winner Wild Oats X1 , with Australian Mark Richards at the helm . Light winds have ruled out a realistic chance of any of the contenders breaking the race record set by Wild Oats in 2005 of one day , 18 hours and 40 minutes , but the three-way tactical battle is the closest for several years . The official race Web site www.rolexsydneyhobart.com reported that the three leaders were traveling at just over 11 knots with an east-south east wind as they headed to the finish in the Tasmanian capital . 100 yachts started the 628-nautical mile "  Bluewater Classic " from Sydney Harbor on Boxing Day and it made for the usual impressive spectacle . Four retirements had taken place by daylight , with Alan Brierty 's Limit , representing the organizing club , the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia , going out due to rigging problems . Limit was one of the favorites for overall victory on handicap . The annual race was first held in 1945 and has been hit by severe weather conditions in previous years . In 1998 , six competitors died and several boats were lost during a fierce storm on the first night . Two years ago the fleet was also hit by similar conditions and eight yachtsman had to abandon a sinking craft . The forecasted light winds are expected to favor the bigger yachts who can use their giant spinnakers to good effect as they head for Constitution Harbor in Hobart .	Three giant yachts are battling it out for line honors in Sydney-Hobart classic New Zealand 's Alfa Romeo leads from ICAP Leopard and Wild Oats X ! Wild Oats bidding for fifth straight line honors success in 628 nautical mile test
Washington  CNN  -- When the race is done , the balloons have wilted , and the confetti has been swept up , Campaign 2012 may be marked more by its failures than its triumphs . But here 's the starkest failure in these final days before the vote : Neither candidate has made a convincing enough argument for his presidency to break free of the margin of error in the polls . No matter who is elected , close to as many Americans will have voted against him as for him . Sure , Barack Obama has generally stayed a point or two ahead of his rival in most battlegrounds , but despite his mighty pushes and the advantage of the bully pulpit he has rarely done any better . And Mitt Romney , while he has managed to relentlessly nip at the president 's heels like a dog chasing a car  as opposed to one riding on top  , he has never been able to decisively bridge the gap from "  also ran " to "  front runner . " Mad dash in final bid for votes The most recent CNN Poll of Polls -- an average of 10 national polls -- has Obama just one point ahead of Romney , 48 % -47 % . The latest CNN/ORC survey in the battleground state of Ohio has Obama up 50 % -47 % , and in Florida by just one point , 50 % -49 % . Both results are well within the polls ' margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 % . And if both parties are not haunted by the ever-growing mob of voters calling themselves independents , they ought to be . At least Dr. Rita Kirk at Southern Methodist University thinks so . She is director of the Maguire Center for Ethics and Public Responsibility . "  Independent is n't a party , " she says . "  It just means ` none of the above . ' People are not really satisfied with either party . " Romney 's difficulties in breaking through the margin of error have been well documented : a slow start that allowed the White House to paint his strongest positive , his business experience , as a negative ; a clumsy trip overseas ; and more than one stumble that helped build the caricature of an out-of-touch fat cat . Note to future campaigners : Working class folks have a little trouble relating to a guy who proposes $ 10,000 bets . Being pulled from the right But perhaps a deeper part of Romney 's trouble dates back to Obama 's single biggest humiliation since taking office . Two years ago this month , Republicans ripped control of the House of Representatives from the Democrats , seized new ground in the Senate , and captured 10 extra governorships in what appeared to be a resounding rejection of the White House agenda . A subdued Obama called it a "  shellacking , " admitting in a masterpiece of understatement , "  Some election nights are more fun than others . " If Romney wins ... Romney : My vision for America The Republican charge up Capitol Hill , however , was not led by party purists . The flags of the tea party waved high over the Democratic trouncing , and created a whole new road for GOP presidential hopefuls such as Romney . The uncompromising tea partiers made it clear they would get behind only someone who paid the toll of a hard and unmistakable turn to the right , especially on fiscal matters . And as Kirk puts it , "  A candidate  who makes that turn  stands very little chance of getting back to the center in time for the general election . " Was he ever ` severely conservative ' enough ? Romney was always an awkward fit . He had a hard time embracing the far right with enthusiasm , and the right felt the same about him . That is one reason why the nomination process dragged on so long , as the faithful tried to make it work with Rick Perry , Herman Cain , Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum . But Romney was not just wrestling with philosophical differences . "  Something else that pulls candidates away from the middle is money , " says assistant professor Georgia Kernell at Northwestern University 's Department of Political Science , where she is a fellow in The Institute for Policy Research . She notes that Romney 's now infamous "  47 percent " comment was almost certainly spurred by the need to appeal to right-wing donors at that fundraiser . "  He did n't have to say it , " Kernell says , "  but it certainly made  his message  more powerful . " The same might be said about candidate Barack Obama 's similar stumble four years ago when he privately told donors that rural voters "  cling to their guns or religion . " Kernell believes the Republican nominee , all things considered , has walked the tightrope well . "  I actually think Romney did a great job using the first debate to position himself back in the middle . " It all came at a price . His vacillation between the right and center has allowed Team Obama to pelt him with accusations of flip-flopping and a schizophrenic candidacy , leaving Romney unable to crawl out of the margin-of-error trench . Crowley : It 's the losing campaigns I remember most A president marginalized Obama did not have to tack nearly as far left as he would have if he were fighting other Democrats for the nomination this year , and undeniably he had some accomplishments to carry into the election . Health care reform was upheld by the Supreme Court . The war in Iraq was concluded and Afghanistan is winding down . As Vice President Joe Biden loves to say , because of Barack Obama , "  Osama Bin Laden is dead , and General Motors is alive . " Despite all that , the president , too , has spent the campaign in a marginal spot , right alongside Romney . His enemy is the economy , or as Kernell puts it , "  Unemployment has n't gone down ; " at least not down to the 5 % range Obama himself promised early in his term when he was touting the stimulus . Most voters have been willing to blame the legacy of the Bush years , and the president has encouraged that thinking at every juncture , reminding anyone who will listen that he inherited the worst recession since the Great Depression . An unwilling participant in his own reelection But his reelection team clearly knew "  It could be worse " was not much of a campaign slogan , so over the summer they steadily shifted to a divide-and-conquer strategy . Gone is "  No Drama Obama " -- the apparently easygoing man who went into the White House promising to bring warring political parties to the table of peace and prosperity . In his place is a much tougher talking candidate who misses no chance to savage the Republicans , to ridicule Romney as a "  bull **** er , " and like his opponent , to bend the truth until it breaks . "  They 're ignoring the fact checkers , " Kirk says of both Obama and Romney . If Obama wins ... Obama : My vision for America The president , clearly much happier preaching Hope and Change in 2008 , has seemed at times an unwilling participant in his own reelection . At the Democratic Convention , critics widely saw Bill Clinton 's speech as superior , Joe Biden 's as more passionate , and the president 's as acceptable at best . The first debate with Romney brought even more concern for Democrats . President Obama sat looking down much of the time and seemed alternately angry , bored , or disengaged . His showing was so lackluster even faithful fans wondered whether he really wanted the White House anymore . Perhaps that is why he too , aside from one brief surge in August , has been unable to establish a commanding lead . Despite his consistently strong personal popularity , he 's had to cling for his political life to every vote he can scrape up within the margin of error . Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 More money , less unity Neither candidate can say his deadlocked fate in the polls is because people have not heard his message . No other election has ever seen so much money raised and spent to win the White House -- latest estimates have the 2012 campaign costing , all in , as much as $ 6 billion . All those ads , all those TV interviews with the candidates and their surrogates , all the debates and bus trips . They 've each had their chances to break out over and over again . Yet neither has been able to get the job done . They may have , however , accomplished another task . Although they each gave lip service to the idea of us all being in this together , the divisiveness of the race itself seems to have hardened opinions even more in red and blue America . In the end , it remains to be seen if there will be a president of the United States . With trust at a low , paranoia grows Sure , someone will win the office , but arguably both campaigns have done all they can to make sure the country will be anything but united . If Obama wins , the stalwarts of red America may hunker down in their "  bitterness , " simply enduring the next four years while awaiting the next chance to storm the castle . If Romney wins , the faithful of blue America may feed on their fury and do to the other party 's president exactly what they accuse Republicans of doing to theirs ; obstructing his every plan . Kernell likes to think not . She believes the very political partisans who 've helped lead the country to this point may lead it back to more conciliatory days , if only for cynical reasons . "  The economy is going to turn around , " she says , "  and they 're all going to want to claim some responsibility . " Kirk , however , believes those better days may be a longer time coming . "  I think leadership will emerge . I just do n't think it has yet . " Maybe , she suggests , the candidates once had ideas of a great , unifying moment -- of a nation coming together to confront its common issues in this campaign , but along the way those dreams were lost in the margins .	ANALYSIS : Both Romney and Obama have been unable to break through to unite voters Romney has been trying to recover from being pulled from the right early in the campaign Obama has seemed like an unwilling participant in his own re-election
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin Thursday citing an alleged claim of responsibility by al Qaeda for former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto 's assassination , a DHS official told CNN . An Italian news agency says al Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri began planning Bhutto 's killing in October . But such a claim has not appeared on radical Islamist Web sites that regularly post such messages from al Qaeda and other militant groups . The source of the claim was apparently Italian news agency , Adnkronos International  AKI  , which said that al Qaeda Afghanistan commander and spokesman Mustafa Abu Al-Yazid had telephoned the agency to make the claim . "  We terminated the most precious American asset which vowed to defeat -LSB- the -RSB- mujahadeen , " AKI quoted Al-Yazid as saying . According to AKI , al Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri set the wheels in motion for the assassination in October . One Islamist Web site repeated the claim , but that Web site is not considered a reliable source for Islamist messages by experts in the field . The DHS official said the claim was "  an unconfirmed open source claim of responsibility " and the bulletin was sent out at about 6 p.m. to state and local law enforcement agencies . The official characterized the bulletin as "  information sharing . " Ross Feinstein , spokesman for Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell , said the U.S. intelligence community is monitoring the situation and trying to figure out who is responsible for the assassination . "  We are not in a position to confirm who may be responsible , " Feinstein said . Feinstein said that the intelligence community "  obviously analyze  s  open source intelligence , " but he would not say whether the community believes the claim has any validity . For now , he said , there is "  no conclusion " as to who may be responsible . Earlier , DHS spokesman Russ Knocke said Bhutto 's assassination had not prompted "  any adjustments to our security posture . " "  Of course , we continue to closely monitor events as they unfold overseas , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	FBI , Department of Homeland Security issue bulletin Thursday Bulletin says two al Qaeda associates made claim to news agency "  We terminated the most precious American asset , " associate says DHS official says the claim has not been confirmed
CNN  -- Veronica Campbell-Brown knows a thing or two about upsetting the odds . The 29-year-old Jamaican sprinter has had to overcome grinding poverty to become one of the greatest Olympians her country has ever produced . After being spotted running barefoot at a school sports day , Campbell-Brown burst on to the track and field scene when she won silver as part of Jamaica 's 4x100 meters sprint team at the 2000 Sydney Olympics . That was just the start . She went on to win gold in the 200 meters at both the 2004 Athens and 2008 Beijing Olympics . Now she faces her toughest test at her fourth Games . CNN Photos : On the fringe of an Olympic dream If she emerges triumphant at London 's Olympic Stadium in August , she will be the first person in history to win three consecutive gold medals in the distance . She is in good form too . Last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 seconds , the second quickest time in history . CNN 's Human to Hero caught up with the Trelawny-born sprinter -- who hails from the same Jamaican parish that has given the world champion men 's sprinter Usain Bolt -- to talk about London 2012 , her rivals and why a third gold would be the icing on the cake . Growing up in poverty "  I have five brothers , four sisters , so you can just imagine the competition in the house . It helped me be very competitive , strong and independent , " Campbell-Brown said . "  I used to race the boys and win . So I knew I had a special gift and should work on improving it . "  When I was very young in primary school , we had a lot of sports days . I won the double there running barefoot . My coach and teacher said , ` You 're very talented . ' He recommended a high school , the ` Sprint Factory '  Camperdown High School  . From that moment I came to the realization he was telling the truth . " Are yams the secret of Trelawny 's success ? Campbell-Brown 's birthplace has produced many top runners , including triple Olympic champion Bolt , U.S. athlete Sanya Richards-Ross and disgraced Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson . "  There 's a lot of sprinters that come from Trelawny , it 's so different , the country air . When I was growing up I did n't have central heating . I 'd have to go and collect water from the river . I used to do a lot of walking , " Campbell-Brown said . "  I think it 's just hard work and determination . Jamaica is full of so many talents . My parents were farmers and used to plant their own yams that are starchy high in carbs . We took it right from the ground . " Life after winning gold in Athens "  I felt blessed . I do n't think anything I 've achieved has changed me . I am the same person . My personality does n't change . You have to believe it to achieve it ... I visualized it and made it happen . " On giving back Campbell-Brown has a charitable foundation aimed at empowering Jamaican girls through sport . "  I believe in giving back . When I was younger so many people helped me to become the woman I am today . So I feel , because I am in the position to help someone , I need to do it , " she said . "  If I can touch just one life I will help someone , to try and help females in Jamaica to get a high school education , mentor them and make sure they keep a level head and point them in the right direction . " History beckons at London 2012 ? As well as seeking a record third consecutive 200m gold , Campbell-Brown is also trying to qualify for the 100m , in which she was world champion in 2007 and runner-up in 2005 and 2011 . "  There are a lot of great , talented women out there , hungry to perform at their best for the Olympics . There can only be one winner . It will be quite interesting . Everyone will have a great time watching it , " she said . "  The Olympics are the highlight , the most recognized event in track and field . Everybody waits for the Olympics . It 's very important to me . I 'll be going for a fourth time . "  I 've never won the 100 meters at the Olympics . If I win the 200 meters for a third time I will be the first woman to achieve that in history . " "  It feels good . When I was a little girl my dream was always to get an individual gold medal . I have two , which is more than I asked for . A third will be the icing on the cake . "	CNN talks to Jamaican double 200-meter gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown She could make history if she wins a third gold at London 2012 Campbell-Brown hails from Trelawny , the same parish that produced Usain Bolt Last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 second , the second fastest time in history
Going Global showcases entrepreneurs taking their businesses around the world , tackling issues like business strategy , marketing and international logistics . Financial Times  -- Can chess be transformed into a money-spinning global spectator sport ? It is a question that will be much on Andrew Paulson 's mind , as he settles down to watch the opening ceremony of the game 's latest world championship match in Chennai , southern India , this Thursday . An imposing , shaven-headed American media entrepreneur with an intellectual air , Mr Paulson last year paid Fide , the world chess federation , $ 500,000 for exclusive global rights to commercialize the sport over the next decade . At one level he seems an unlikely impresario , not least because he cheerfully admits to playing barely any chess himself . Yet he has a publicist 's gift for the grandiose , describing the game as a "  glorious contest of honor and beauty , of human greatness and magnificent theater " -- albeit one that is much in need of a marketing shakeup . Mr Paulson plans to infuse chess with the same mix of lucrative sponsorship deals and general razzmatazz that helped the Indian Premier League to revolutionize international cricket . If outwardly tedious sports such as snooker or golf can become mass-market spectacles , he reasons , why not a pastime that Fide says is enjoyed by roughly 600m each month ? The difficulties he faces are clear from the contest in Chennai , which many aficionados say ought to have the makings of a classic . See also : How to recruit a diamond in the rough On one side of the board is Viswanathan Anand , home town hero and five time world champion , whose place as India 's most famous non-cricketing sportsman has helped chess to build a growing fan base in the country . On the other is Magnus Carlsen , a telegenic Norwegian prodigy , whose floppy blonde hair and handsome features make him something of a sex symbol -- as well as the highest - ranked player in chess history . And yet the match remains a hard sell for spectators . Chess contests are typically lengthy , draws are common , while the finer details of strategy are basically incomprehensible to all but a few experts . A taste of Mr Paulson 's plans to overcome such problems were on show at a tournament in London earlier this year , including a system called "  ChessCasting " where the audience is guided by specially programed tablet computers . Future tournaments could feature more outlandish ideas , such as biometric bracelets tracking player 's heart rates and perspiration levels -- giving spectators an instant sense of the stresses faced at the board . "  We have tested a feature with cameras to track eye movement as well , so you can see where they look on the board in real-time , " Mr Paulson says . Despite his efforts , commercial progress has so far been slow . The match in Chennai boasts just one sponsor , the host state of Tamil Nadu , which handed over Rs290m  $ 4.7 m  to cover costs and prizes . The games will be broadcast live , but only on India 's stodgy government-backed television channel . Still , Mr Paulson refuses to be downcast . "  Chess tournaments have traditionally been organized by ex-chess players , who are reductionist , and have lost touch with the cinema , the drama of this game , " he says . "  But in time a revolution is possible . If you can persuade millions to watch golf , chess is going to be an easy sell . " See also : Finding an edge in a crowded market An alien game The complexities of chess are bad enough , but the game faces a further barrier in enticing big-money corporate sponsors : the curious reputation of Fide president Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , who has run the sport for nearly 20 years . The former Russian politician turned businessman is best known for consorting with unsavory dictators -- something that otherwise enthusiastic financial backers might find a little off-putting . A friend of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein , in 2011 the eccentric millionaire also visited Libya during its civil war , playing a chess match with Muammer Gaddafi . Last year he dropped in on Syria 's Bashar al-Assad . Mr Ilyumzhinov is also oddly fond of extraterrestrials : he once claimed to have been abducted by aliens , and has said that chess was first brought to earth by beings from another world . "  People like -LSB- Andrew -RSB- Paulson are right that chess is a massive untapped marketing opportunity , " whispers one grandmaster . "  But can you really expect serious international companies to sign up to a sport whose top guy thinks their game is a gift from distant planets ? " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Entrepreneur Andrew Paulson bought the rights from FIDE , the World Chess Federation He plans to develop and market the World Chess Championship over the next decade Paulson plans to infuse chess with a mix of lucrative sponsorship deals
CNN  -- Sam Alito does n't have "  any complaints " about the press corps who cover the Supreme Court -- but the Associate Justice could do without "  incredibly snarky " columnists . "  Some of the columns that are written , you know , are another story , " Alito said , in a rare public lecture on Constitutional history and law presented by the New York Historical Society on Saturday . "  Some of them are written by people who are not very knowledgeable . " Alito took particular issue with a New Republic column critical of the cloistered culture of the Court . "  I was reading one , actually , reading one this morning that was complaining about the current membership of the Court , because unlike in past days , according to this columnist , we do n't have a representation of drunks , philanderers , and a few , you know , a few other n'er do wells . " The column - entitled "  Yale , Harvard , Yale , Harvard , Yale , Harvard , Harvard , Harvard , Columbia " - argues "  while we have gained diversity of background , we have n't gained diversity of experience " and was penned November 13 by Dahlia Lithwick , a senior editor at Slate and regular Court watcher for the past 15 years . "  The current justices are intellectually qualified in ways we have never seen , " Lithwick wrote . "  Compared with the political operators , philanderers , and alcoholics of bygone eras , they are almost completely devoid of bad habits or scandalous secrets . This is , of course , not a bad thing . " American legal scholar and Yale University professor Akhil Reed Amar , who moderated the discussion and referred to Alito by his first name throughout the event , politely described the column as "  interesting " , and quickly moved on to other topics . Alito was more forgiving of the regular Supreme Court press corps . "  We have a corps of journalists who are perm -- that , their full time job is to cover the Supreme Court . They 're very knowledgeable , there are probably ten or so of them . The New York Times , Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal , Associated Press , Los Angeles Times , Bloomberg , I 'm missing some but there are , there are -- they cover us full time . They are very knowledgeable and I think that their news stories about oral arguments and decisions when they come out are pretty good . " But he could n't resist at least one jab . "  One of the interesting aspects of my job is that every once in a while we have a chance to compare notes with judges from other supreme courts or constitutional courts in other countries . And we had a visit a few years ago by justices from the Canadian Supreme Court . They , they told us that they do not have journalists like that , " Alito said . WATCH : Supreme Court justices imagined as dogs "  Because there journalists were , the people who wrote opinions about their decisions cover lots of other things , they , they did n't think that they were that knowledgable . So they devised this procedure that 's called either a lock up or a lock down , I 've forgotten which one . They will invite the journalists who may be interested in the , in a decision that 's coming down to go into a little room just before the opinion is announced . And before they go in they take away all their electronic communications devices and then they lock the door and someone on the staff of the Court explains the decision to these , these journalists . And when they told me this story , they told us this story , I thought it was a really good idea . Until I heard that at the end of this process , they open the door and they actually let them out . " The New York City crowd laughed heartily . "  That 's a joke , that 's a joke , " Alito interjected . "  That will make the papers tomorrow , " said the moderator . Alito , at ease and clearly comfortable in the free flowing discussion , made few controversial remarks - unless you 're Canadian . "  It has occurred to me that we American judges have the most boring robes of any judiciary anywhere in the world . Believe it or not - there 's a website for everything - there 's a website , you can check this , " Alito said . "  If you have nothing else to do , you can compare and we are , we are the plainest , just the plain black robes , " Alito continued . "  Everywhere else they have colors , they have fur , they have medals . The Supreme Court of Canada ... to me , their robes look like they 're dressed up like Santa Claus . Have you seen them ? They have red robes and they have white fur around . " Indeed , a cursory but by no means exhaustive investigation by CNN returned a website - www.jjmccullough.com -- on which judicial robes of the world , including those seemingly inspired by Kris Kringle , were featured . Alito - who perhaps is best known to the public as the justice who mouthed the words "  not true " as President Obama criticized the Citizens United decision during the 2010 State of the Union - need not worry about any blowback from his public comments . Supreme Court justices are appointed for life . "  I think life tenure is a great idea , " Alito joked at the opening of the law lecture . "  I think the reason is that we have the oldest Constitution in the world and in the late 18th century they counted on biology taking care of the problem . "	Alito spoke at the New York Historical Society Alito shared his thoughts about the press Alito : Some columns are ` written by people who are not very knowledgeable '
CNN  -- Opening statements are set to begin Tuesday in the trial of self-help author and speaker James Arthur Ray , who is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in the death of three people at an Arizona sweat lodge . The trial stems from a well-publicized incident that took place during a ceremony at a five-day retreat in Sedona , Arizona , on October 8 , 2009 . Two people died during the ceremony at Angel Valley Retreat Center . A third died nine days later , and -- authorities allege -- at least 15 others fell ill . Ray could face up to 10 years in prison on each count if convicted . HIs attorney has argued that the author is not to blame for the deaths . "  We do not seek to minimize the tragedy of the sweat lodge deaths , " said a December 2009 letter to prosecutors from defense attorney Luis Li . "  But these deaths were not the result of criminal conduct . Mr. Ray and his team relied on Angel Valley to provide a safe environment , warned people of the risks , did not force people to participate , did not prevent them from leaving , and did everything they could to prepare for any problems and to assist when problems arose . " Prosecutors claim Ray , 53 , was reckless and that the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heat stroke . Ray also encouraged participants to hydrate throughout the retreat and warned them the sweat lodge would be very hot , his attorney has said . Participants signed a release form saying that the retreat activities could include a sweat lodge with enclosed spaces and high temperatures , Li said . Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , died on October 8 . Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died on October 17 . The sweat lodge ceremony consisted of eight rounds , with each round lasting 10 to 15 minutes . While they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were encouraged to wait until the breaks between rounds . In interviews with authorities , some participants recounted feeling distress in the first few rounds . Later , they told police , people began to pass out , others began to vomit and still others went into shock . Some were encouraged to lie down in the dirt to seek relief from the heat . "  Ray  knew that people were in trouble , " Tom McFeeley , Brown 's cousin , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Monday . "  Those calls for help were ignored . " Ray had conducted the Spiritual Warrior Retreat for six years at a cost of about $ 10,000 to participants . The sweat lodge , 5 feet tall and 23 feet wide , was built to accommodate up to 75 people . There was a pit in the center where heated rocks were placed . Ray poured water over them to create steam . Prosecutors maintain that Ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to their deaths . Defense attorneys dispute that . Li wrote in the 2009 letter that Ray "  did not lead or pressure participants into making a choice they otherwise would not have made . This was a five-day retreat , not a cult . The JRI  James Ray International , Ray 's company  philosophy is a practical approach to creating a successful life , not a religious practice . " -- Beth Karas is a correspondent for "  In Session , " which airs weekdays 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. ET on CNN 's sister network , truTV .	James Arthur Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter His attorney says the deaths were accidental Prosecutors say Ray heated the lodge to dangerous temperatures
A great crack in America 's middle class came to light recently : While our country continues to lead the world as the richest nation , our middle class , once the most affluent in the world , has fallen behind . According to an analysis by The New York Times , Canada 's middle class is now the wealthiest , and working families in many countries have seen their incomes rise much faster than those in the United States . The hollowing out of America 's middle class has been years in the making , but it was n't inevitable that working families would fall further and further behind . Instead , it was the direct consequence of deliberate choices Washington has made over the past generation to put the rich and powerful first and to leave working people to pick up whatever crumbs were left behind . It did n't have to be this way . America knows how to build a middle class that is the envy of the world . After the Great Depression , America made two critical decisions . First , it put in place strong rules to level the playing field for families , putting more cops on the beat to monitor financial markets and passing basic safety rules to temper the boom-and-bust financial cycle . Second , the country made building a future for our children the priority . We invested powerfully in our education system , and we made sure that people who worked full time would stay above the poverty line . We built infrastructure -- roads and bridges , our power grids -- so that we had the right foundation for businesses to build jobs here at home . We also invested in basic medical and scientific research , confident that if we built a great pipeline of ideas , our children would have opportunities their parents could only dream about . These steps were aimed at building a strong middle class , and they worked . For a half a century , as the country got richer , our middle class got richer . America built a middle class that promised a bright future to each succeeding generation , a middle class that inched its way toward building opportunities , not just for some of our children , but for all our children . I lived this firsthand , growing up in a country that invested in its children . After my dad had a heart attack , my mom worked a minimum-wage job at Sears -- and that was enough to save our house . I went to a commuter college that cost $ 50 a semester , and my first husband worked on the moon shot . America was full of promise . About 30 years ago , America began to move in a different direction . Washington took financial cops off the beat by slashing funding of our regulators , letting big banks load up on risk and target families with dangerous credit cards and mortgages . Washington also worked feverishly to cut taxes for those at the top , opening huge loopholes for big corporations and billionaires . Eventually , the loopholes got big enough to drive a truck through . According to the nonpartisan group Citizens for Tax Justice , by 2008-2012 , while the corporate tax rate on paper remained 35 % , 26 Fortune 500 companies paid $ 0 in taxes . That 's right -- zero . And how did Washington propose to balance a budget with lower taxes ? Stop investing in the future . Instead of supporting college kids who are trying to get an education , the government now uses them as a source of revenue , making billions of dollars in profits off student loans . Investments in roads and bridges have nearly ground to a halt . And government research -- the great pipeline of ideas that led to the creation of the Internet , nanotechnology , GPS and a million medical advances -- has had its legs cut out from under it . Today , the director of the National Institutes of Health says there 's only enough money to fund one out of six National Institutes of Health research proposals , and our investments in scientific research do n't reflect the values of a nation that plans to lead the world in new discoveries . The impact of these policies has echoed through the economy . Big banks , powerful corporations and billionaires -- people who can afford to hire armies of lobbyists and lawyers -- have amassed more and more wealth . Meanwhile , the foundations of our once strong middle class have begun to crumble , and families have been caught in a terrible squeeze . Starting in the 1970s , even as workers became more productive , their wages flattened out , while the costs of housing , health care and sending a kid to college , just kept going up and up . In 1980 , the minimum wage was at least high enough to keep a working parent with a family of two out of poverty . Now , the minimum wage is n't even enough to keep a fully employed mother and a baby out of poverty -- and on Wednesday , Senate Republicans filibustered a bill to increase the federal minimum wage modestly . We know how to strengthen the middle class in this country because we have done it before . We need a level playing field to make sure everyone follows the rules -- and that breaking the law has the same kinds of consequences for bank CEOs who launder drug money as for kids who get caught with a few ounces of pot . We need to decide that our children -- not our biggest corporations -- are our first priority . We can take on the student loan problem that is crushing our kids , and to rebuild our roads and bridges , upgrade our power grids and expand our investments in basic research . And we can pay for that by putting an end to the tax loopholes and subsidies that go to powerful corporations and the wealthiest Americans . We can repair the cracks in the middle class . We can strengthen our foundations and make sure that all of our children have a fighting chance . But it means changing who Washington works for -- and does n't .	Elizabeth Warren : U.S. middle class , once richest in world , has fallen behind other nations Warren : Washington puts rich and powerful first and leaves working people behind Minimum wage is n't enough to keep employed mom and baby out of poverty , she says Warren : We strengthened the middle class before and can do it again by putting people first
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The captain of the ill-fated Costa Concordia may have made "  significant " errors that led to the vessel 's wreck Friday and subsequent deaths of at least five people , the cruise line said late Sunday . "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " Costa Cruises said in a statement . The ship 's captain , Francesco Schettino , was detained Saturday for alleged manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship while passengers were still on board , chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio told Italy 's ANSA state news agency . Schettino himself joined Costa Cruises as a safety officer in 2002 before being appointed captain four years later , the company said . First officer Ciro Ambrosio was being detained for questioning on similar charges , prosecutor Verusio said . Even with its admission that mistakes were made , the Genoa-based cruise company -- whose parent firm , Carnival Corp. , did not respond Sunday to requests from CNN for more information -- defended the ship 's crew in the face of criticism . "  It is becoming clear that the crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly to help evacuate more than 4,000 individuals during a very challenging situation , " the company said , adding all crew members are trained , and the passengers earlier took part in an evacuation drill . Survivors have described the scene -- after the ship hit rocks near the island of Giglio , off the coast of Tuscany , and turned over on its side -- as "  chaos . " "  It was just battling , mad scrambles , " U.S. student Brandon Warrick said of the fight to board lifeboats , describing it as "  a giant every man for himself . " His sister Amanda said she feared she was going to die as they waited for up to two hours for rescue . "  Waiting was definitely the worst . Because we did n't know who was going to be coming , how much longer we would have to wait , " she said . Authorities have said at least 20 were injured due to the incident , in addition to those killed . That death toll includes two elderly people whose bodies were found , with their life jackets on , near one of the ship 's restaurants , Italian Coast Guard spokesman Capt. Cosimo Nicastro told reporters Sunday . Hours earlier , crews rescued a ship employee trapped in a ship restaurant . The man -- an Italian purser whose name was not released -- was suffering from hypothermia when rescue crews found him , said Commander Filippo Marini , a spokesman for the Port Authority of Porto Santo Stefano . Earlier Sunday , before the two bodies were found , Giglio Mayor Sergio Ortelli said at least six ship workers and 11 passengers still had not been located . Authorities are reviewing passenger lists to confirm the exact number of missing people , said Giuseppe Orsina , a spokesman with the local civil protection agency . Many of those rescued in the early hours were taken to small churches and other buildings around the island for shelter . Some were still wearing the pajamas and slippers they had on , as the ship went down . "  These people could be still on the island of Giglio , in private houses or in hospitals , " Orsina said . The U.S. Embassy in Italy , on its Twitter feed , said two of the 120 Americans who were aboard the ship still had not been accounted for . It was not clear Sunday as to the nationalities of other missing people , with CNN affiliates having reported Italians , Peruvians , Brazilians , French and Britons were all represented on the ship . There were fears the death toll could rise as rescuers searched the ship , which was nearly 50 % submerged and had a gash in its hull , authorities said . As the search for survivors continued Monday , questions and criticism continued about what caused the shipwreck and the adequacy of the response . Speaking on Italian television , the ship 's captain insisted the rocks that the Concordia hit were not marked on his map . "  On the nautical chart , it was marked just as water , " Schettino said , adding that the ship was about 300 meters from shore . But Nicastro , the Coast Guard spokesman , insisted that the waters where the ship ran aground were well-mapped . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky sea floor . "  Every danger in this area is on the nautical chart , " Nicastro said . "  This is a place were a lot of people come for diving and sailing . ... All the dangers are known . " He said the Coast Guard was investigating why the ship took the course it did . "  We know where the ship was , " he said . "  We know it was too close to the island . ... We do n't know why . " Like a scene out of the film ` Titanic , ' chaos consumed listing ship Italian prosecutors seized the ship 's data recorders Saturday , and expect to analyze them within days . Costa Cruses said Sunday that it can only access that information with authorities ' permission . Built in 2006 , the Concordia had been on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Marseille , Barcelona , Palma de Mallorca , Cagliari and Palermo . The ship was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it ran aground and began taking on water Friday night . The crew kept going because they believed the vessel could continue sailing normally , said Nicastro , the Coast Guard spokesman . Realizing there was a significant safety problem , the commander steered the Costa Concordia closer toward the port of Giglio , he said . Authorities are looking at why the ship did n't send a mayday during the accident . Besides the two elderly people , the dead include two French tourists and a crew member from Peru , port authorities in Livorno said . One of the victims was a 65-year-old woman who died of a heart attack , authorities said . Rescuers overnight Saturday reached two South Korean passengers who had been trapped in the ship for more than 24 hours , authorities said . "  It 's a miracle that we found the Korean couple alive , and we hope we 'll find more people , " said Nicastro of the Italian Coast Guard . The couple , both 29 , were found in a cabin after they heard rescuers calling out and managed to make contact , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . Video showed the couple , reportedly on their honeymoon , being taken ashore and loaded into a waiting ambulance . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Marilia Brocchetto , Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Michael Martinez , Melissa Gray , Phil Gast , Chelsea J. Carter and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 of 120 American passengers are n't accounted for , the U.S. embassy says It appears the ship 's route was "  too close to the shore , " Costa Cruises says The captain insists that the rocks his ship hit were not marked on his map Two elderly people are found dead , bringing the death toll to 5
CNN  -- World number one Caroline Wozniacki has crashed out of the Madrid Masters , beaten by Germany 's Julia Gorges for the second time in just over a week . Gorges , ranked 27th in the world , stunned Wozniacki by defeating the Dane in the final of the Stuttgart clay-court event 11 days ago . And the 22-year-old showed that result was no fluke with an impressive 6-4 1-6 6-3 third round success in the French capital . Serving social media or backhanded marketing ? "  I 'm quite proud of the last three weeks , I was able to play more aggressively today and I did n't give her any rhythm , " Gorges told reporters after the match . "  I 've been working hard on my fitness over the last 18 months and I think it 's starting to show results . " Gorges will now face Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the last eight , after the Russian caused another shock with a 7-6 6-3 win over Australian fifth seed Samantha Stosur . Meanwhile , fourth seed Victoria Azarenka continued her impressive run of form with a comfortable 6-0 6-3 win over Spain 's Arantxa Parra Santonja . The Belarussian took just over an hour to reach the quarterfinals and has dropped just five games in the tournament so far . Azarenka is now the highest seed left in the tournament after French Open champion and third seed Francesca Schiavone of Italy was beaten 7-6 6-3 by American Bethanie Mattek-Sands . There were no such problems for sixth seed Li Na of China , but she had to come from behind to beat Barcelona Open winner Roberta Vinci 2-6 6-2 6-1 .	World number one Caroline Wozniacki crashes out of the Madrid Masters The Dane is beaten by Germany 's Julia Gorges for the second time in a week Third seed Francesca Schiavone and fifth seed Samantha Stosur also crash out
CNN  -- Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher likely had a devastating brain disease when he shot and killed his girlfriend and then himself two years ago , a doctor says in a new report . Dr. Piotr Kozlowski , who prepared the report , found tangles of tau proteins in seven sections of the hippocampus structure in the brain , findings consistent with other players diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . The hippocampus is a seahorse-shaped structure crucial for memory . CNN had an outside neuropathologist validate the findings of Belcher 's pathology report . The doctor said the results appear consistent with CTE , which is concerning because tau is not normally found in such a young brain . CTE is a progressive degenerative brain disease found in some athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma . More than 50 former NFL players , including Junior Seau and Dave Duerson , have been posthumously diagnosed with the disease . Many have committed suicide . Belcher 's body was exhumed in December , a year after he was buried . Former NFLer : ` Your mind just goes crazy ' Belcher , who was 6-foot-2 and weighed 228 pounds , played for the Chiefs from 2009 to 2012 , appearing in 59 games . On December 1 , 2012 , the linebacker fatally shot his girlfriend , Kassandra Perkins , in the same home with their 3-month-old daughter . He then drove to the team 's practice facility , thanked his coaches , and shot himself . He was 25 years old . The brain tissue of people found to have CTE displays an abnormal build-up of tau -- a protein that , when it spills out of cells , can choke off , or disable , neural pathways controlling things like memory , judgment and fear . CTE can be diagnosed only after death . Report : Former NFL player 's body exhumed for brain study In July a federal judge approved a preliminary settlement in a class action concussion lawsuit filed by thousands of former NFL players against the National Football League . The suit alleges the NFL did n't do enough to warn players about the risks of brain damage . About 5,000 former players are involved in the class action but as many as 20,000 might be eligible . Current NFL players are not included in the agreement . Some family members can also file a claim after the ruling becomes final this fall . First soccer , rugby players diagnosed with CTE	Jovan Belcher was 25 when he killed his girlfriend and himself Doctor finds a protein in part of his brain where it should n't be Chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , can only be diagnosed after death
Cairo  CNN  -- In an attempt to break through the political impasse in Egypt , U.S. Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham arrived in Cairo on Monday to meet with Egypt 's interim leaders . The two Republican senators are expected to meet Tuesday with interim President Adly Mansour , Defense Minister Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and interim Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy , Egyptian foreign affairs spokesman Badr Abdelatty said . They are also expected to meet separately with Muslim Brotherhood leadership . McCain and Graham are making the trip at U.S. President Barack Obama 's request . "  The Egyptian military must move more aggressively toward turning over control to the civilian population , civilian organizations , " Graham , of South Carolina , said when asked about the purpose of the trip on CNN 's State of the Union on Sunday . "  The military ca n't keep running the country . We need democratic elections . The  Muslim  Brotherhood needs to get off the streets and back into the political arena and fight your differences there , and we need to put Egypt back to work . If this continues , it 's going to be a failed state . That 's why we 're going . " Morsy aides ordered held in Egypt Egypt has been embroiled in chaos since the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , was toppled in a coup last month . But U.S. officials have refrained from calling the ouster a coup -- a term that could be worth $ 1.3 billion a year . If the U.S. formally calls the move a coup , it would have to cut off that aid . And that "  would limit our ability to have the kind of relationship we think we need with the Egyptian armed forces , " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has said . The United States helps Egypt because it 's one of only two Arab countries -- along with Jordan -- that made peace with Israel . If Washington pulls its aid , it could affect prospects for peace in the Middle East . In the last 30 years , only Israel has received more aid than Egypt from the United States . Egypt explained : 6 key questions On Sunday , Graham said that he and Arizona 's McCain had blocked a push to cut off aid to Egypt . "  I want to keep the aid flowing to Egypt , " he said , "  but it has to be with the understanding that Egypt 's going to march toward democracy , not toward a military dictatorship . And that 's the message we 're going to send to the Muslim Brotherhood . The only way you 're going to be part of Egypt is to allow Egypt to get back to work . Stop playing politics . " The roots of chaos Clashes between opposing protesters or between protesters and Egyptian security forces have left hundreds of Egyptians dead in recent weeks . Morsy supporters have camped out for weeks in crowded Cairo streets , demanding Morsy be reinstated . Meanwhile , secularists and liberals -- whose protests led to Morsy 's ouster -- have started supporting the current military-backed government . Morsy became Egypt 's first democratically elected president in June 2012 , after popular protests forced the resignation of Hosni Mubarak , who had ruled the country for 30 years . But a year into Morsy 's term , many Egyptians wanted him out , too . They said the Western-educated Islamist -- and former head of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party -- had not been inclusive since taking office . Critics said he failed to deliver on the people 's aspirations for freedom and social justice . But Muslim Brotherhood spokeswoman Mona al Qazzaz accused the military and opposition of "  killing the biggest democracy in the Middle East . " "  The military stepped in , and the opposition that failed to win through the ballot boxes came on the back of the tanks , " she said . Egyptian minister meets with U.S. , EU diplomats about violence CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz reported from Cairo ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : McCain and Graham have arrived in Cairo Egypt has been embroiled in chaos since Morsy was ousted in a coup last month A longtime ally of the U.S. , Egypt gets $ 1.3 billion in military aid a year The U.S. helps Egypt because it 's one of two Arab countries that made peace with Israel
Imagine : you are sitting with friends , one day in the distant future , in a space-age house , while robot servants cook dinner , fold laundry and mow the lawn . Inevitably the question arises : "  What was your first robot ? " For many -- 10 million , in fact -- the answer will be Roomba . The mini vacuum cleaning robot , launched in 2002 , has become an everyday fixture in homes across the world -- earning pet-names from affectionate owners and a unique place among the internet 's viral cat videos . Colin Angle , who co-founded manufacturers iRobot in 1990 with fellow MIT alums Rodney Brooks and Helen Greiner , hails Roomba as "  the world 's first practical home robot . " The company is now hoping to infiltrate the boardroom with its wandering "  AVA " telepresence robot , and the battlefield with its line of defense machines . Angle sat down with CNN 's Nick Glass to talk about making the sci-fi world of robots a reality . CNN : What got you into robotics ? Angle : I had grown up with Hollywood concepts of robots , and the labs that Dr Brooks and I worked in were focused on trying to make it real . In fact , our first business model was to send a robot to the moon and sell the movie rights . We actually got quite far . It did n't ultimately succeed but it did get us going , and the Spirit and Opportunity rovers were impacted by the work we 'd done . It was very cool but not a great business . How did you go against the movies ' concepts of robots ? Hollywood likes to imagine robots as mechanical copies of ourselves -- which is a terrible idea . What did everyone think robot vacuuming was going to be ? Well , they think Rosie the Robot from "  The Jetsons , " a human robot that pushed a vacuum . That was never going to happen . We know that robot vacuuming was top-of-mind in how robots were going to help our lives . Our challenge was that we knew how to make the intelligence inexpensive -- but we did n't know how to vacuum . How did you learn to make Roomba ? We entered the toy industry : we partnered with Hasbro building robot baby dolls and robot dinosaurs . They taught us how to manufacture very complicated electric mechanical things at a low price . We partnered with Johnson Wax , the guys that make the industrial cleaning machines , and we built giant robot cleaning machines . We were also building robots for the Pentagon to clear minefields . Using that intelligence technology actually gave us the algorithms which Roomba uses to make sure -LSB- your home -RSB- is thoroughly vacuumed . How did you name your machine ? Naming is something not necessarily best left to an engineering organization . We had a contest inside iRobot to figure out what we should name the robot and the best we brilliant engineers could come up with was the "  Cyber Suck . " What 's the future ? If you think about what robots are supposed to do in our future , we 're just about half of the way there . They can vacuum , they can scrub your floors -- but what about my laundry ? What about all these other things that robots are supposed to do ? What 's the next big need ? Well , I think it has to do with extending independent living : allowing our ageing demographic to live independently in their homes for longer . What will the robot home of the future look like ? You may have a menagerie of robots that move around and do things : you may want a robot to bring you a beverage . You 're not going to talk to your vacuum cleaning robot : in fact you may never see your vacuum cleaning robot because ideally you come home every day and your floors are freshly vacuumed . You may have this robot whose mission in life is to interact with you : it can be a security guard , it can be a robot that a doctor could beam-in and control ... -LSB- to -RSB- see your daughter who has scraped her knee . There 's this human interface robot which ultimately will be at the epicenter of this robot enabled home . Watch the video above for more from Colin Angle about iRobot .	Roomba creators iRobot reveal how they learned from robotic experiments The algorithm that powers Roomba 's movements was developed for clearing minefields Co-founder Colin Angle says iRobot originally planned to go to the moon The future : a "  menagerie of robots " -- some friendly , some invisible ...
New York  CNN  -- Two years ago , Beatriz Craven helped her mother shave her head after chemotherapy treatments made Maria del Carmen Castillo 's hair fall out . Craven then tied a blue-and-white cotton scarf they had purchased together in Houston around her mother 's bald head . "  My hope was that these little things would help , " said Craven , who lost her mother , 58 , to ovarian cancer in March . To channel her grief , the daughter began training for her first-ever 26.2-mile race . "  I did n't realize how much anger I had and I wanted to turn it into something positive . " She traveled this week in New York , planning to wear the scarf in Sunday 's New York City Marathon , which normally draws 47,000 runners . "  I thought it was only right to wear it , and try to be fearless like she was . " Millions try to get back to ` normalcy ' When Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Friday announced the cancellation of the race because boroughs were still reeling from Superstorm Sandy , Craven hardly hesitated . "  I had a two-second reaction , " she said . "  I 'm going to run anyway . " The race was set to begin on Staten Island , where the majority of the city 's storm-related deaths were recorded . But controversy surfaced this week over concerns that the event would drain resources needed for the massive recovery . "  It 's tough , " said Craven 's brother , Juan Castillo , 30 , who lives in New York . "  But you understand the reasons why they had to cancel . " While Craven agreed , her decision to endure the brutal strain of running the distance is more than a simple desire to run . "  Throughout my mother 's illness I noticed I started to get more goal-oriented , " she said . Craven participated in a half-marathon just prior to her mother 's death . "  I was trying to do all things that once seemed unimaginable . I felt that if I could do all these extraordinary things , that my mom could beat cancer . " Deputy mayor : Marathon ` was going to be divisive ' Both Craven and Maricel Laxa Pangilinan , who traveled from the Philippines with her husband and daughter to run in the marathon , plan instead Sunday to run in Central Park . Some participants will do a full marathon , looping around the iconic green , while others will run shorter distances . The impromptu gathering of runners was scheduled through social media , with the aim "  to acknowledge all your training and efforts to prepare and come to the NYC Marathon . " Runners should assemble at 10 a.m. at Manhattan 's Columbus Circle , according to an unofficial Facebook site dedicated to this year 's marathoners . Pangilinan arrived in New York a day before Sandy barreled across the Eastern Seaboard , demolishing homes , flooding subways and leaving millions without power . "  I turned 42 years old this year , " she said . "  I wanted to do 42 kilometers at age 42 . " Others debated Saturday whether they would run at all . "  I think a lot of people are just going to join in when people start running , " said Ashley McAleavy , a 27-year-old fashion designer at Remedy Designs in Manhattan . "  That may be my best tactic . " The recovery effort continued Saturday across wide sections of Staten Island , Queens and Long Island , while gasoline shortages plagued New Jersey , where some of the worst storm damage occurred . On battered Staten Island , local residents had planned to mix relief efforts and the inclination to run . Superstorm Sandy 's victims Ryan and Pamela Murphy organized a series of "  street-run 5k " runs to raise money and other donations for storm-affected neighbors . And by 5 p.m. Saturday , they had raised $ 13,500 . But with a plethora of donations , the organizers called off the races and had a suggestion to supporters . "  The best thing we can do right now is offer our physical help along the Staten Island shoreline , " the Murphys wrote . "  We encourage you to join us , or to find a location that has been affected and offer your time -- it 's the best donation you can make right now . " Relief organizations such as World Vision reported that many runners had exchanged their sneakers for work boots , working with the organization to deliver food kits . "  I could have sat in the hotel room . I could have gone sight-seeing , and probably would have still felt pretty empty , " said Tim Fearn-Wannan , who traveled from Melbourne , Australia , for the race . "  But this is a good feeling that there are people out there in a pretty bad situation at the moment and we 're doing our small part to help out with that . " How you can help	Beatriz Craven will run 26.2 miles Sunday to honor her mother Other runners plan to gather in Central Park after marathon 's cancellation The recovery effort continues across wide sections of New York and New Jersey
CNN  -- An earthquake struck late Saturday off Papua New Guinea 's eastern coast with a preliminary magnitude of 7.5 , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake struck at 11:27 p.m.  9:27 a.m. ET  and occurred at a depth of 19 miles  32 km  , the USGS said . It was centered 47 miles  75 km  southwest of Panguna , Papua New Guinea . After the quake , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands , but then canceled it . Saturday 's incident is the latest in a series of seismic events in the region over the week . They began with magnitude-7 .1 and magnitude-6 .5 earthquakes on April 11 , just to the northeast and southeast , respectively . Since then , 45 earthquakes of magnitude-4 .5 or greater have occurred nearby . Earthquakes with magnitudes between 7.0 and 7.9 are classified by USGS as "  major , " second only to "  great , " which are 8.0 and up .	NEW : A tsunami warning issued for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands has been canceled The quake was centered 47 miles southwest of Panguna , Papua New Guinea Quakes with magnitudes between 7.0 and 7.9 are classified as major
Washington  CNN  -- A man who volunteered as a suicide bomber for a terrorist group intent on blowing up a U.S.-bound plane was working instead as an intelligence agent for Saudi Arabia , The New York Times reported Tuesday , citing American and foreign officials . The double agent departed Yemen , traveled through the United Arab Emirates and gave the bomb and information about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to the CIA , Saudi intelligence and other foreign intelligence agencies , the newspaper said . The bomb , which was intended to pass undetected through airport security , was given to the FBI , which was poring over it , the newspaper said . The Times , citing officials , said the agent works for Saudi intelligence , which has "  cooperated closely " with the CIA for years . The officials , who would not identify the man , said he is safe in Saudi Arabia , the newspaper reported . Citing a senior American official , the newspaper described the device as sewn into "  custom fit " underwear and able to be detonated in two ways . That redundancy may have been an attempt to ensure that an attempt to blow up a jet over Detroit in 2009 , which failed because the bomb did not detonate , would not be repeated . The primary charge in the latest device was high-grade military explosive that the Times , quoting an official , said "  undoubtedly would have brought down an aircraft . " A senior administration official told CNN that officials were debating whether to release photographs of the device to law enforcement agencies . On one side of the argument , Transportation Safety Administration screeners and law enforcement might more easily identify any similar devices made as part of the same plot , the official said . But officials were reluctant to do so out of concern that the photographs would be leaked to the news media and that the would-be bombers would learn what law enforcement knows -- and might not know -- about the bomb 's workings . The news of the double agent might explain comments made earlier Tuesday by John Brennan , the chief White House counterterrorism adviser , who told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that U.S. officials were confident they were in control of the situation leading up to the seizure of the improvised explosive device , or IED . Brennan said that officials believe redundant security systems would have prevented any attempt at bombing a flight from succeeding , but analysts were studying the device to see whether security procedures should be adjusted . "  We 're trying to make sure that we take the measures that we need to prevent any other type of IED , similarly constructed , from getting through security procedures , " Brennan said . The device investigators were studying is more sophisticated than were previous ones and represents a disconcerting advance in al Qaeda bomb-making techniques , officials said Tuesday . "  It is a device similar to the underwear bomber of 2009 , but an evolution to that , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . The device never posed an immediate danger to air travel or the United States , she said . But lawmakers said more such devices may exist , and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said the release of information about the device could complicate an effort to seal the long-term threat . "  If something bad happens because it was leaked too early , that 's a catastrophe and it 's also a crime , " Rogers told CNN . News about the device became public on Monday , about two weeks after U.S. intelligence agents thwarted the plot after receiving a tip from Saudi Arabia , a source familiar with the operation said . Information from the double agent proved key to a CIA drone strike Sunday in Yemen that killed Fahd al Quso , 37 , a senior operative of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Al-Quso was a suspect in the bombing in 2000 of the USS Cole in Yemen . The vehicle he was in was hit by a drone strike in the Rafdh district in Shabwa province , U.S. officials said . Al Qaeda 's bomb-makers evolve , adapt "  I was told by the White House they are connected ; they 're part of the same operation , " the source familiar with the operation said . Al Quso hinted at the existence of another bomb effort in February , when he was asked whether the group had stopped exporting terrorism operations . "  The war did n't end between us and our enemies , " he replied . "  Wait for what is coming . " Western officials describe AQAP as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate . U.S. Rep. Peter King of New York , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , expressed dismay that the news was public . "  It 's really , to me , unfortunate that this has gotten out , because this could really interfere with operations overseas , " he said . "  My understanding is a major investigation is going to be launched because of this . " Officials have provided few specifics about the device . But Rogers said it underscores al Qaeda 's continuing efforts to carry out terrorist attacks . "  This is a device that was more sophisticated , had some fail-safes built into it , and it was something that concerns us because it tells us that they brought some very capable people together to build something , " he said . A Department of Homeland Security spokesman said authorities have "  no specific , credible information regarding an active terrorist plot against the U.S. at this time . " Though the threat was foiled around the time of the anniversary of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , a second U.S. counterterrorism official said the two were not related . President Barack Obama was told last month about the plot , which "  underscores the necessity of remaining vigilant against terrorism here and abroad , " the White House said . AQAP has been responsible for two of the most audacious attempts to target the United States in recent years : the attempted Christmas 2009 bombing and a 2010 attempt to load bombs hidden inside printer cartridges onto cargo planes headed for Chicago . In both cases , U.S. authorities believe the bombs were built by Ibrahim al-Asiri . Both devices contained PETN , a white , powdery explosive that conventional "  single-beam " X-ray machines are rarely able to detect . In 2009 , al-Asiri outfitted his brother , Abdullah al-Asiri , with a PETN-based underwear bomb in an attempt to kill Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , a top Saudi security official . The device killed his brother instantly but failed to kill its target . "  We are not ready to say the threat stream is over , " a U.S. official told CNN . "  We believe external plotting continues . " The investigation involves a number of countries and is "  ongoing , " King , R-New York , said on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " He said the leadership of al Qaeda was intimately involved in the plot . Rogers told CNN International 's Christiane Amanpour , "  I can confirm to you that , in fact , it was an al Qaeda core group that was responsible for the development and procurement and financing and putting together this particular bomb . " As the hunt continues for the mastermind bomber , a U.S. official said the assumption continues to be that al-Asiri is training others in bombmaking . "  They understand that Asiri is going to be killed or captured one day , " Mustafa Alani , the director of security and defense studies at the Gulf Research Center , told CNN . Alani had been briefed on AQAP by Saudi counterterrorism officials . "  We 're talking about a new generation of very skillful bomb builders and very committed people . " U.S. counterterrorism agencies have reached a similar conclusion . "  I think the fear is not just that he 'll share his ability within his own circle , but rather more widely , and send it to other al Qaeda-sympathetic individuals or organizations , " a senior U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN in March . Yemen 's government has been fighting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for years with mixed results . Yemen president vows offensive against al Qaeda Yemeni authorities appeared miffed by the revelations of the foiled plot , saying that Washington had shared no information with them . "  Yemen has been a key ally to the United States when it comes to fighting terror and cooperates in every way possible , " said a senior intelligence official in Yemen who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  It 's very sad to know that the United States did not share such critical intelligence information with Yemen . "  The United States can not win the war on terror alone , and intelligence sharing must be bilateral if it expects complete cooperation from Yemen . " "  This was a key victory for us , " King said . "  It also reminds us , though , that this war is not going to end in Afghanistan . ... Al Qaeda has metastasized and morphed . And they are constantly attempting to find new ways to get at us . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , National Security Contributor Fran Townsend , Pam Benson , Elise Labott , Jessica Yellin , Nic Robertson , journalist Hakim al-Masmari contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber volunteer was instead working as an intelligence agent , NYT reports Agent has "  cooperated closely " with the CIA , officials tell The New York Times The informant also provided information that aided the CIA drone strike last weekend
CNN -- Lionel Messi is universally recognized as being one of football 's greatest current players and the Argentine , who does not turn 22 until June , will have a captive world-wide audience watching his every move when he dons the famous red and blue Barcelona shirt for Wednesday 's Champions League final against Manchester United . Lionel Messi has finished second in FIFA 's World Player of the Year award two years in a row . Messi burst onto the world stage in 2003 when he made his debut , as a raw 16-year-old , in a friendly against Portuguese side Porto -- and since then he has become the natural heir-apparent to Argentine legend Diego Maradona . Born in Rosario , Argentina , in 1987 , a year after Maradona almost single-handidly won the World Cup for his country in Mexico , Messi 's talent was obvious at a very early age . He joined Argentine club Newell 's Old Boys aged just eight , where he stayed until he joined Barcelona 's under-14 squad in 2000 . With Barcelona he has already won three league championships , two Spanish Super cups , the Copa del Rey and the Champions League . On the international stage he has won the Under-20 World Cup with Argentina in 2005 , while being voted player of tournament and making his mark as the tournament 's leading goalscorer . He made his debut for the senior team aged 18 and played a leading role in the side that won a gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games . According to Forbes magazine , Messi was football 's sixth-richest earner in 2008 . Of his $ 18 million income , only a relatively small $ 7m came from endorsements . Maradona , now coach of the Argentine national side , has described Messi as "  beautiful to watch , " adding "  he has something different to any other player in the world . " Messi has scored eight times in this year 's Champions League and is odds-on to become the competition 's leading scorer -- and a winning goal in Rome on Wednesday will add the icing on the cake in what has been a superb season for both Messi and Barca . Messi 's outstanding performances during the 2007/2008 season earned him second place in voting for European Footballer of the Year and FIFA World Player of the Year honors , both times being beaten by Cristiano Ronaldo . However , if he helps Barcelona add the Champions League to their La Lia and Copa del Rey crowns this season , he is likely to go one better when this year 's awards are handed out .	Lionel Messi has already helped Barca to the La Liga and Copa del Rey titles 21-year-old the top scorer in this season 's Champions League with eight goals Messi seen as the natural heir-apparent to Argentine legend Diego Maradona
CNN  -- Is paying a fine to get out of military service fair ? The question is at the center of a debate surging in Peru this month as the South American country 's government reveals new rules for a possible draft . Authorities say if the government ca n't fill thousands of vacancies with volunteers , it will start a draft this May . Men and women 18 and over are eligible . But those called up who do not want to serve can pay a fine of 1,850 soles  $ 715  . Critics say the measure will allow the wealthy to avoid military service and leave the poor with no other choice than to join . Military leaders say the new measure is n't discriminatory and that the draft is a necessary step to shore up dwindling ranks . The option of paying a fine to avoid service has drawn sharp criticism from Peru 's government ombudsman . And opposition lawmakers have said they will summon Peru 's defense minister to testify over the matter . An editorial in the El Comercio newspaper this week described the new policy as "  discrimination against those who have the least . " "  This is a hurdle designed so that only the people who have economic resources can jump over it , " the editorial said . Nearly a third of Peru 's population lives below the poverty line , according to government statistics . A minimum wage salary is 750 soles  $ 290  per month . The debate over who serves in the military , and why they join the ranks , resonates far beyond Peru 's borders . In Israel , thousands of demonstrators last year demanded an end to rules that make ultra-Orthodox Jews exempt from that country 's military draft . For more than a decade U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel has been pushing a controversial proposal to reinstate a draft in the United States . "  Currently the burden of defending our nation is carried by less than 1 % of the American population , " the New York Democrat wrote in an opinion column published on CNN.com in January . "  The 2.2 million members of the armed forces in active duty , the National Guard and the Reserve have become a virtual military class that makes the ultimate sacrifice of laying down life and limb for our country . " Bringing back the draft , he argued , "  would compel the American public to have a stake in the wars we fight as a nation . " Many countries around the world require military service . Colombia , which borders Peru , also fines those who refuse to serve after they 're called up . In Peru , officials say sheer numbers have forced them to consider a draft , more than a decade after the country passed a law eliminating obligatory military service . Jose Cueto , chief of the joint command of Peru 's armed forces , told the state-run Andina news agency that there has been a "  drastic decrease " in the number of people who join the military since the country switched to a volunteer force . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this report from Lima , Peru .	Authorities say Peru will likely hold a selective draft this May Those who do n't want to serve can pay a $ 715 fine Critics say the measure allows the wealthy to avoid military service Military leaders say the new measure is not discriminatory
Guantanamo Bay , Cuba  CNN  I 've heard that the Senate report on CIA torture is 6,000 pages long . My story , though , takes place elsewhere : in Guantanamo , away from the CIA program that the report covers . The 6,000 pages of the Senate report are just the start of what Americans have to accept happened in their name.It starts and ends in the silence of a tiny , freezing cold cell , alone . That 's when you hold yourself in a ball , and fight to ignore the confusion of what has just happened to you , and the fear of what might be coming next . Or the fear that comes when you realize that no one is coming to help ; that the life , family and friends you knew are all far , far away . The cell door opens . The next session , seemingly the 100th in a row . I think my first period of interrogation lasted three full months . Two teams of interrogators running shifts , day and night . Each session begins with shouting , to wake me up . Then they hit me on the face and the back . I am so desperate for sleep , my head is swimming . There are photographs of faces stuck all around the walls of this room . They demand that I identify the individuals , but I can barely focus to see if I might know them . The shouting and the insults get louder , and then they nod to a man in the corner . He injects me twice in the arm with some unknown substance . It 's the last thing I know . The freezing cold cell . The cell door opens . This time the guards enter , making awful honking noises , like wild animals . I tried to refuse to eat the little food they bring me , in protest at all this . The interrogator laughs at me , but then turns angry ; he swears loudly , and pours an army meal pack over my head . They tell the man in the corner to start feeding me intravenously . He inserts the tube in two different places on my arm and makes it bleed . Closing Guantanamo : Who 's left and what 's in the way The freezing cold cell . The cell door opens . This time the guards push me on the floor and take turns trampling over my back . I tell the interrogators that I ca n't face not eating any more . They throw food on the floor of the room and tell me to eat like a pig . They wo n't let me go to the restroom . They watch as it gets more painful , and laugh as they get the translator to describe how they will rape me if I pee in my pants . The freezing cold cell . The cell door opens . They make me stand and salute the American flag . I 'm in a sort of cinema room , where I have to watch videos of other prisoners being abused . Then they tell me that I have to dance for them , and run in circles whilst they pull on my chains . Every time I try and refuse , they touch me in my most private areas . The freezing cold cell . The cell door opens . It has rained , and there are muddy puddles everywhere . I 'm shackled , so I ca n't really walk ; they deliberately drag me through the muddy puddles . Now it 's the pornography room . Awful pictures everywhere . There is one with a man and a donkey . I 'm stripped naked and have my beard shaved , in a gratuitous insult to my religion . I 'm shown pornographic pictures of women . I 'm told to make the noises of different animals , and when I refuse , they just hit me . It ends with them pouring cold water all over me . Hours later in my cell , I am discovered , nearly frozen . The doctor tells them to bring me urgently to the clinic , where I am given a blanket and treatment . Over the next hours , they observe me as I warm up . They are just waiting for the moment that they can sign off on my return to interrogation . Four years ago , six U.S. government security agencies sat together and reviewed my case . Their conclusion ? That I was innocent of any crime and should be released . The dirty and sadistic methods I endured -- which were then taken directly to Abu Ghraib -- achieved nothing , except to shame that American flag hanging in the prison corridor , which I was made to salute . One hundred and thirty-six prisoners are still being held at Guantanamo , whilst the politicians squabble over how to black out the Senate report . America can not keep hiding from its past , and its present , like this . Our stories , and our continued detention , can not be made to disappear .	Samir Naji describes conditions in Guantanamo Bay detention camp Naji says he was interrogated for three months by two teams , running shifts round the clock Interrogators abused him , forced him to look at degrading pornography , he claims Treatment shames American flag hanging in the prison corridor , Naji says
CNN  -- London will at be the center of the sporting universe come Friday but as far as the city 's commercial community is concerned , it will be business as usual during the Olympics . The English capital is one of the world 's foremost financial and business hubs , but given the expected influx of nearly 550,000 tourists and sports fans every day during the Games , accommodation will be at a premium and getting around will be trickier than usual . Both UK chancellor George Osborne and London mayor Boris Johnson have publicly stated their determination to ensure the city remains "  open for business " and contingency plans are in place to ensure this remains the case . But if you 're visiting London in a professional capacity over the next three weeks , what can you do to avoid the crowds and make the most of your business travel time ? CNN has compiled the below guide to help the business traveler sidestep the Olympic hulabaloo . Getting there Heathrow Airport in west London expects to cater for 80 % of all Olympic athletes , officials and media entering the UK during the course of the games , pushing its capacity to the limit . See also : Ultimate guide to London Olympics But London is also accessible from the sky via a number of other airports both in and around the city . Gatwick , Luton , Stansted and London City international airports all offer alternatives to Heathrow . Smaller airports throughout the south east of England -- such as Southampton , Bournemouth and Southend -- are accessible from international destinations and have connecting bus or train services to the capital . London is also accessible from mainland Europe by the Eurostar train , a favorite of the business traveler for its speed , comfort and disembarkation point right in the heart of the city . Accommodation According to the latest research by the hotel market intelligence provider Travelclick , 46 % of all hotel rooms in London have already been snapped up for the Olympics  a fourfold increase on the same time last year  . This may be good news for the city 's hoteliers but high demand has inflated prices . Travelclick has recorded a 70 % increase in average daily rate in comparison to 2011 , with the average hotel room now costing Â # 189  $ 293  a night . Whilst it may still be possible to secure one of London 's 120,000 hotel rooms at short notice , a cheaper option may be to head out to one of the city 's nearby commuter towns . Prices at the Holiday Inn , the official hotel partner of the Olympic Games , in the suburban town of Maidenhead on the night of the opening ceremony start at Â # 115  $ 175  . The same stay a little farther from London at the Ramada Inn in Milton Keynes meanwhile starts at Â # 55  $ 85  per night . See also : Best of London Olympic hotels A commute into the city will still have to be negotiated , although there will be extra rail services into and out of London for the duration of the Games . Getting around London has an extensive urban transportation network but even that wo n't be enough to completely quell the Olympic stampede , with organizers expecting "  delays " and "  exceptionally busy " periods . Transport for London has produced a series of interactive guides called Get ahead of the Games , which display how travel on underground and overground trains is expected to be impacted by Olympic events . It is hoped this will enable travelers to plan their journey in advance , avoiding bottlenecks and hotspots as they arise . Extra train , tube and bus services have been arranged , whilst boat transport along the river Thames  including to Canary Wharf , home to many of the city 's big financial institutions  will also be ramped up . A Twitter handle , @GAOTG , has been set up to bring the latest transit news to city travelers as quickly as possible . Travel by car is advised against for all but Olympic VIPs -- who have been deigned important enough to be bestowed with their own dedicated lanes on London 's roads -- but there are other options for those looking to avoid public transport . See also : Best ways to get around London Olympics A campaign by previous British Olympic champions Sally Gunnell and Chris Boardman is encouraging those in the city to walk or hop on a "  Boris Bike , " London 's public bike sharing service , to reach their destination . Alternative options Given the expected strain on the city 's infrastructure , businesses have been encouraged to adopt strategies that will minimize the impact on their day to day workings . A document from LOCOG , the 2012 Olympic Games organizing committee , advises businesses to allow employees to work from home to reduce the strain on public transport . If business meetings can not be avoided for those in the city , plenty of planning and time for travel is recommended . Finding accommodation close to where meetings will take place and staggering meeting times so they do n't clash with the start or finish times of Olympic events is also advised .	London 's mayor says the city will remain open for business during the Olympic Games But the city 's infrastructure will be strained by an extra 550,000 people in the city every day Olympic organizers and city authorities have compiled advice for businesses to help limit the Games impact
Mexico City  CNN  -- Telephones are ringing off the hook at this office in Mexico 's capital , where a group of well-known activists are planning the final details of a protest on the other side of the Mexico-U.S. border . In a month-long Caravan of Peace across the United States , organizers say they will denounce what they believe are the devastating consequences of the fight against drug trafficking . San Diego , California , will be the first stop on Sunday for poet Javier Sicilia and 70 other members of Mexico 's Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity on their trek through more than 20 cities in the United States . Along the way , 40 people whose family members are among the tens of thousands of dead and disappeared in Mexico 's drug war will speak out about their experiences and work to create a new network with more than 70 U.S. nonprofit organizations . "  We want citizens to confront the blindness of politicians and their interests as much in the United States as in Mexico , " says Sicilia , who became one of Mexico 's most prominent activists after his son 's slaying in March 2011 . The caravan will stop in sites north of the border that the poet considers key -- including Los Angeles , Phoenix , Houston , New Orleans , Atlanta , Chicago and New York -- before arriving in Washington on September 10 . "  It will not be easy to cross the cultural divide to discuss subjects like drug legalization , the illegal production and sale of weapons , trafficking of migrants and money laundering , " Sicilia says . And the protest 's timing is another challenge , Sicilia says , noting that his group could struggle to gain attention during a fierce election campaign between incumbent U.S. President Barack Obama and his presumptive Republican challenger Mitt Romney . Still , he says he is confident that host organizations in the United States will help them create "  a narrative that can sensitize the U.S. population about these problems . " The tough political climate , the intense waves of heat sweeping the country this summer and the large distance to cover -- more than 5,800 miles  9,400 km  -- have inspired Sicilia to describe his upcoming journey across the United States as an "  odyssey . " For the mystical poet , who has become a key player criticizing Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's strategy to fight organized crime , the caravan through the United States is the latest leg of a journey that began after his son 's slaying . In March 2011 , 24-year-old Juan Francisco Sicilia 's lifeless body was found with six others , crammed inside a car outside the central Mexican city of Cuernavaca . Masking tape was wrapped around their skulls , faces , wrists and ankles . Authorities believe all seven victims suffocated to death , and they have accused local police of working with cartel members in the slayings . After his son 's death , Sicilia said he would no longer write poetry . "  The world is no longer dignified enough for words . They are choking inside of us , " he said at the time . While Sicilia stopped publishing poetry , words remain his weapon . The movement he leads surged to national prominence after thousands joined a three-day protest march culminating in Mexico City 's central square in May 2011 . Since then , the poet has led a series of high-profile protests uniting people from across Mexico to tell the story of the country 's losses and show the faces of those who died , disappeared or were displaced because of the fight against organized crime . "  I think that our main accomplishment was to put victims in the center of politics , to say , ` These are not collateral damages . These are not statistics . They are human beings , ' " Sicilia says . While he brought together witness testimonials as thousands joined his caravan marches across Mexico , he also garnered attention from the country 's top leaders . The movement has met with congressmen and senators , with Calderon and with the candidates who competed to succeed him . "  These are unprecedented things . They are seeds that are going to produce fruits at another moment , " Sicilia says . But some of Sicilia 's behavior -- like demanding the resignation of Mexico 's top public security official , then changing his mind -- has raised eyebrows . Also , leading up to Mexico 's presidential vote last month , Sicilia was criticized for saying he planned to cast a blank ballot . And for some , his poetic language has been difficult to interpret . "  I think that 's because a lot of poetry is misinterpreted or simply is n't heard , " Sicilia says . Since the movement began , in addition to protest marches across Mexico and meetings with top officials , there have been notable losses . Members of the movement protesting violence in Mexico have also become victims . In a three-month period last year , three members of the movement were killed . After these cumulative experiences , Sicilia says he feels deceived . Mexican officials have said that more than 47,500 people have been killed in drug-related violence since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . But activists like Sicilia -- who is sharply critical of Calderon 's drug war strategy and the president 's approach to dealing with victims of violence -- say the death toll is far higher than government estimates . "  The politicians do n't keep their word . They are overwhelmed by reality . On their agendas , the 70,000 dead do not exist . The war does not exist , " Sicilia says . Even though Sicilia founded the movement and is its most identifiable face -- in 2011 he appeared as one of the protesters featured in Time magazine 's person of the year edition -- he says he does not consider himself its leader . "  The best way to destroy a movement is to focus it on one figure and practically deify him . Through my mouth , I speak of the pain of this nation , but I am not  the nation  , " Sicilia says . Now , after more than a year of protests , Sicilia says this caravan could be his last . After the protest through the United States ends , the poet says he is considering returning to a spiritual retreat in France , where he spent time while his children were young . "  I want to go , look within myself , find my solitude ... and end the pain  I feel  for my son . "	A "  peace caravan " aims to raise awareness about the drug war 's consequences The month-long protest led by a Mexican poet starts in San Diego and ends in Washington Javier Sicilia : "  We want citizens to confront the blindness of politicians and their interests " "  It will not be easy to cross the cultural divide , " the poet says of the U.S. peace protest
A journalist accused of striking Brad Pitt at the "  Maleficent " premiere has been charged with four misdemeanors , Los Angeles City Attorney spokesman Rob Wilcox said Friday . Ukrainian TV reporter Vitalii Sediuk was charged with one count of battery , one count of assault and two violations of the Los Angeles municipal code , Wilcox said . The code violations relate to Sediuk 's stage crashing at the 2013 Grammy Awards , Wilcox said . Pitt was signing autographs Wednesday at the area of the red carpet where fans are allowed to gather when Sediuk allegedly jumped the rope and hit the actor in his face , according to Los Angeles Police Sgt. Leonard Calderon . Pitt , who was there with partner Angelina Jolie , star of "  Maleficent , " continued unfazed on the carpet to give interviews . Sediuk , who was due to make a first appearance in court Friday afternoon , was transferred from the LAPD 's Hollywood precinct jail to the county 's central jail , operated by the sheriff . While his bond was initially set at $ 20,000 after his arrest , the judge could raise that since additional charges have emerged connected to the Grammys incident . Sediuk is infamous for red carpet pranks around the world , including kissing Will Smith in Moscow and hugging Leonardo DiCaprio and Bradley Cooper around the knees at separate events earlier this year . Sediuk , 25 , was fired from his reporter job with Ukrainian television channel 1 +1 after he jumped under actress America Ferrera 's dress on a Cannes red carpet on May 17 , a spokesman for the company told CNN . The TV network was not involved in his stunts , a spokesman said . He was already on three years of "  formal diversion " -- a form of probation -- in Los Angeles for crashing the Grammy stage during Adele 's acceptance last year , according to the Los Angeles city attorney 's spokesman . The lawyer who represented Seduik in the Grammy case was surprised when CNN called him Thursday about the latest arrest . Attorney : Client ' a real nice guy ' Sediuk is "  a real nice guy , " Anthony Willoughby said . "  I 'm really shocked that he would be accused of hitting somebody . " "  This was an unfortunate and inappropriate incident that is being investigated by the LAPD , " a spokesman for Disney Studio , the film 's distributor , said of the incident involving Pitt . Police did not say whether Pitt was punched or slapped , just that the attacker struck him in the face . The attacker was quickly tackled by bodyguards , handcuffed by police and hauled away to jail . He now is barred from going near Pitt . Los Angeles police issued an emergency protective order effective for five days starting Thursday , but the actor 's lawyer could ask a judge to extend it . Sediuk 's celebrity pranks are usually silly , attention-getting stunts that do not involve violence . Grammys stage-crasher reveals his entry plan He eluded security to get a second-row seat inside the Staples Center at the 2013 Grammy Awards , despite having no credentials . Sediuk jumped onto the stage when Jennifer Lopez announced Adele as the winner . "  I love you , Adele , " he is heard saying as the singer approached . He was arrested offstage and later prosecuted on two misdemeanor charges . He eventually accepted a plea deal for probation with the provision that he not go back to the Staples Center and stay out of trouble for three years . "  I think that the court overly protects the entertainment industry , " Willoughby told CNN . A not-welcome presence at events Award show and premiere producers apparently black-listed Sediuk after last year 's Grammy incident . He was denied reporter credentials to the Oscars , but he showed up anyway wearing a feathered swan outfit similar to the one worn by Björk on the 2001 Oscars red carpet . He was ordered to leave the venue after telling police it was a protest . Will Smith on the red carpet slap heard ` round the world ' The celebrity stunts apparently began when Sediuk handed Madonna an odd and unwelcomed gift of a hydrangea during a news conference at the Venice Film Festival in September 2011 . "  I absolutely loathe hydrangeas , " she said as she stuffed them under a table . Do n't buy Madonna hydrangeas Sediuk 's infamy grew in May 2012 on a Moscow red carpet where Will Smith was attending a movie premiere . Video shows Sediuk attempting to kiss the actor on the mouth . "  Come on , what the hell is your problem ? " Smith said as he pushed the reporter away and lightly slapped him . "  He 's lucky I ai n't sucker punched him . " Sediuk crawled onto a red carpet and under Ferraro 's dress at the Cannes Film Festival in France earlier this month . Video shows him being dragged away . It was this incident that cost him his job at the Ukrainian channel , the company said . Sediuk 's actions "  were neither suggested nor coordinated by the network , " 1 +1 TV spokesman Serhiy Popov told CNN on Thursday . "  Vitalii was acting on his own behalf and not on the behalf of the channel . " The network is not helping Sediuk deal with his legal problems , Popov said .	Los Angeles prosecutor files four charges Brad Pitt gets protective order against alleged attacker Vitalii Sediuk loses his TV job after Cannes carpet stunt Pitt and Angelina Jolie were at the Hollywood premiere of Jolie 's movie
Singapore  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama , on his first Asia trip since taking office in January , arrived Saturday in Singapore to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum . In addition to the meetings with the APEC heads of state , Obama planned to hold three bilateral meetings -- with the leaders of Russia , Indonesia and Singapore . APEC 's 21 member nations represent more than half of the world 's economic output . The forum sees its goal as "  facilitating economic growth , cooperation , trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region . " Obama will become the first U.S. president to take part in a summit of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  economic alliance . The formal meeting is Sunday . Earlier Saturday , Obama told a packed house at Tokyo 's Suntory Hall that all Americans should know that what happens in Asia "  has a direct effect on our lives at home . " The president leaves Sunday for Shanghai , China . The trip , which lasts more than a week , is Obama 's first to Asia since taking office in January . In his Tokyo speech , Obama touted himself as America 's "  first Pacific president , " and pledged a renewed engagement with Asia Pacific nations based on "  an enduring and revitalized alliance between the United States and Japan . " He touched on nearly every part of the Asia Pacific region during his speech , and talked about a boyhood visit to Japan with his mother , his birth in Hawaii , a childhood spent partly in Indonesia and the United States ' position as a Pacific nation . "  There must be no doubt : as America 's first Pacific president , I promise you that this Pacific nation will strengthen and sustain our leadership in this vitally important part of the world , " he said . He emphasized that the United States was not interested in containing the emerging economic growth in China . Obama also called on Myanmar to make more definitive moves toward democracy , including releasing all political prisoners . He urged North Korea to return to the Six-Party Talks so the reclusive nation can be reintegrated into the world stage and pledged America 's support for eliminating nuclear weapons and efforts to reduce the global effects of climate change . In China , Obama will continue efforts to define and strengthen the United States ' relationship with the world 's largest emerging economy , which has a growing influence in Asia , said Jeffrey Bader , the National Security Council 's senior director for East Asian affairs . Bader cited North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , the economy , climate change , human rights and Afghanistan as among the top issues for the China swing . On human rights , Bader said Obama is likely to address "  freedom of expression , access to information , freedom of religion , rule of law and , certainly , Tibet . " Obama will make clear to Chinese President Hu Jintao that he intends to meet with the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , Bader said . China , which rejects Tibetan aspirations for autonomy , opposes such high-level contacts with the Dalai Lama .	U.S. President Barack Obama arrives in Singapore for APEC summit U.S. leader expected to individually meet with leaders of Russia , Indonesia , Singapore In Saturday speech , Obama renews U.S. ties with Japan , reaches out to China Obama : Rise "  of a strong , prosperous China can be a source of strength
CNN  -- At least 61 people were killed and scores wounded Wednesday in the latest wave of attacks in the Iraqi capital and across the country . Bombings and shootings , aimed at security forces and civilians alike , made it an especially bloody day as sectarian violence flared up . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased since violence broke out in Anbar province in recent days . Much of the violence recorded Wednesday was in and around Baghdad . Twenty-two people were killed and 74 were wounded by seven car bombs and two roadside bombs that exploded in the Iraqi capital , targeting mainly Shiite areas , police said . Two of the bombs detonated near a busy market in the mainly Shiite area of Hussainiya , in northern Baghdad , police said . The deadliest bombing in Baghdad was in the predominantly Shiite al-Shula neighborhood in the northwestern part of the city , where a car bomb detonated at an outdoor market , killing seven people . Violence flared outside of Baghdad , too . In Baquba , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  north of Baghdad , 14 people were killed and 21 wounded in a bombing at the funeral of a school official , according to police . In Diyala province , gunmen attacked and kidnapped seven truck drivers in Alham village . Two hours later , the bodies of the drivers were found . At least three people were killed in violence in Mosul , in addition to seven soldiers killed in a bombing south of Mosul . In Anbar province to the west , al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraq 's security forces are battling for control of Falluja and Ramadi . The violence recalls the bloody fighting at the height of the Iraq war that nearly tore the country apart . Allawi : Iraqi violence could ` burn up ' entire region Iraq : Moderates are hard to find as ` bad old days ' return in Baghdad	NEW : At least 61 people have been killed across Iraq on Wednesday Seven car bombs , two roadside bombs explode in Baghdad , targeting mainly Shiite areas Iraq is seeing a recent uptick in violence
CNN  How can I describe life in Crimea after a year under Russia 's control ? You start saying things like "  Let 's not talk about this on the phone " and become careful about the Facebook pages you "  like . " Because total surveillance and control has become routine -- like it was in the Soviet Union . In just one year so much has been lost and many Crimeans seem to have forgotten rights that were part of everyone 's life . There is a growing level of censorship , inequality and political repression of those who do n't agree with the government . In everyday communication , Crimeans , including those who support Putin and Russia , have to think about what they do and say . Thanks to the activities of the FSB  Russia 's secret police  denunciation -- where a citizen tells the authorities about the wrongdoing of another -- is popular again . In the Soviet Union , especially in the late 1930s , denunciations written by Soviet citizens about their neighbors , friends and even relatives resulted in millions of victims in prisons and Gulag camps . Now in Crimea , no one feels safe . Anyone who does n't like you can write a denunciation and the next day you will take part in a "  joyful " conversation with the security services . Significant changes have also taking place in the most basic of rights , like freedom of movement . Now , there are two borders manned by armed -- and sometimes angry -- men who always have questions about where you are going and why you want to pass . For ethnic Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars , things have been very difficult and thousands fled to mainland Ukraine in the first months after annexation . Their fears were confirmed when Ukrainian activists and young Tatars began to disappear . Some were later found dead , others are still missing . Ukrainian patriots also left in the first month or two after occupation -- it would have been dangerous and uncomfortable to continue living on the peninsula . The next wave of migrants were those who hoped to adjust to the new rules , but could not . They started leaving when it became clear that things would get worse economically and politically . They have been replaced by a new set of arrivals from Russia : Officials , police , FSB and other authorities . After annexation , many who had worked for the Ukrainian government in the police , army and security services swapped allegiances to the Russian side . The Kremlin was happy to have them but has put special stamps the new recruit 's personal files , which say they are "  inclined to betrayal . " One of the main arguments of pro-Russian locals is that the average salary in Russia is much higher . Indeed , since annexation , salaries have increased , especially in the public institutions like hospitals and schools . The salary increases caused a kind of post-referendum euphoria , which quickly fizzled in late 2014 when a strong dollar meant higher prices for everything from food to gadgets . Then wages were cut again , by anywhere from 30 % to 70 % depending on the industry . Many doctors and teachers were greatly dissatisfied with wage cuts , but no one protested because in Russia , you must obtain permission for a public assembly . Of course , permission is mostly given to people or organizations loyal to the Kremlin . Tourism , a formerly dependable income source for many Crimeans , has been hit very hard . More than half of all tourists who used to visit Crimea in the summer were Ukrainian and last year tourism was down by 50 % . Last summer , the peninsula was empty and many hotel owners had almost no customers . Despite of the deteriorating economic and human rights situation , many of those who were for the annexation of Crimea continue to support Russia . As strange as it may sound , the harder life becomes here in Crimea , the more people support Putin and hate Ukraine . In a little over a year , the Russian propaganda machine has turned Ukraine from "  brother state " to Russia 's main enemy . For some Crimeans 2014 was a year of tragedy and farewell to their homeland . Others saw a dream realized . What things will look like in another year is unclear , but what is clear is that nothing will be the same again .	Life under total surveillance and control now the norm in Crimea , says writer Old Soviet practice of denunciation has become commonplace , he says He writes : The harder life gets in Crimea , the more people support Putin
CNN  -- At the annual rattlesnake roundup in Sweetwater , Texas , in early March , Jaycee sponsors and volunteers slaughtered 3,890 pounds of rattlesnakes . The event is billed as "  Fun for the whole family , " and children take their turns to skin a snake , and afterward , press their hands covered with snake blood onto a wall of handprints . The Jaycees , short for the U.S. Junior Chamber , bills itself as a group that gives young people "  the tools they need to build the bridges of success . " The Sweetwater branch has been holding what it calls "  The World 's Largest Rattlesnake Round-Up " for 56 years on the first weekend in March , and the tool for success that it teaches young people is that it 's fun to kill and torture animals . For weeks or even months , rattlesnakes are stored in crowded barrels until it 's roundup time . The snakes that have not suffocated under their kin arrive hungry , dehydrated , and sick from gasoline that was sprayed into their burrows to flush them out . After a tour of the roundup , Michael Smith wrote an article for "  Cross Timbers Herpetologist " in which he recalls noticing " ... an unusual smell ... like bad cologne and also like something gone bad . " Throughout the tour the smell keeps coming back to him , he writes , until he realizes what it is : " ... the musk , feces , and blood of a thousand terrified snakes , half-covered with sprays of deodorant from Jaycees working the pits . " In the "  research pit , " snakes are weighed , measured , and probed to determine sex . Many have their venom extracted in the "  milking pit , " ostensibly for scientific research and antivenin production . However , according to the Kentucky Reptile Zoo , which specializes in venom research and education , abused or gassed snakes "  are not viable ... Considering how dangerous gasoline is , venom produced from snakes collected this way should never be used in any product that might be used in humans ... " One might add that it is unwise to eat these snakes at the popular snake-meat-eating contest and barbecue cook-off . In the "  safety and handling demonstration pit , " a Jaycee walks among hundreds of snakes , carelessly kicking them aside , trying to provoke them to rattle and strike . When this fails , the Jaycee may select a snake for special treatment . A rattlesnake 's face gives almost no clue to its experience of fear or pain , making it hard for most people to feel empathy . But if people are willing to take a closer look at the rattlesnake trying to hide its head under its coils after being tormented and having given up his fight to survive , they might understand what it 's going through . Just like people , rattlesnakes have fully developed central nervous systems , but they lack vocal chords and can not cry out in pain . Finally , in the "  skinning pit , " snakes are held down on a tree stump and decapitated with one or more machete blows . Schoolchildren watch from the galleries above . According to Smith , "  each machete blow brought a mixture of exclamations and laughter . ... Blood from this and other killing sessions covered the floor and the skinning table in clots of gore , and twisting rattlesnake bodies were hung to be gutted and skinned , still moving as if trying to get away . " Smith notes that one child asked to pet a beheaded snake , and a pit member held up a snake 's body to oblige the child . If children learn that it 's OK to hurt and kill animals for fun , what is to stop them from doing the same to people ? What are they learning about the value of life , and how does this fit in with the Jaycee philosophy ? Psychologists say that people who murder often tortured animals as children ; there is a link between violence against animals and violence against people . Photos from Sweetwater roundups are particularly chilling because the facial expressions of participants are a mix of hatred , fear and pleasure . In one , a man holds an automatic nail gun and has a snake pinned to a chopping block , looking as if he wants to cause the snake as much agony as possible . Another photo shows beauty pageant winner Miss Snake Charmer 2014 in her crown and sash , holding long snake tongs in the air , with a huge rattlesnake clamped at the end , his head bloodied . Miss Snake Charmer hangs back , her face contorted in fear , her mouth open in a scream . She is 16 years old . How can such abuse of an animal be anything but damaging to this young lady 's spirit ? The traditional roundups of Sweetwater need to end . The Jaycees could create a festival that raises money for the community and celebrates the rattlesnake as an icon of the American West . In other states where rattlesnakes live , the transition from roundup to wildlife festival has already happened . One crucial purpose of rattlesnake and wildlife festivals should be to show children that all animals must be treated with kindness and respect . With young people being drawn to environmental science , conservation and wildlife biology , festivals provide networking opportunities and contact with professionals in these fields of interest . Not far from Sweetwater , on March 8 and 9 , 2014 , the inaugural Texas Rattlesnake Festival was held at the Dell Diamond in Round Rock . The animals on display were not taken from the wild , but bred in captivity , and handled with care so they were not stressed . There were demonstrations of the proper and humane technique for extracting venom . And children could leave their handprints in bright , colorful paint rather than snake blood . One visitor said , "  It was very nice to be in a comfortable and safe environment with venomous animals so close by . And to be around so many people who truly appreciated them . The  traditional  roundups are tense and stressful , but this was really nice . "	Wendy Townsend : 4,000 pounds of rattlesnakes slaughtered at Jaycee event Townsend : Snakes are sick , they suffocate ; hundreds are in piles , tormented She says kids skin decapitated snakes ; then press bloody handprints on a wall Townsend : Other fundraisers have changed and focus on celebrating snakes as an icon
Look ! Out by the bridge ! It 's ... it 's ... Ant-Man ? Yes , Ant-Man , also known as Scott Lang , a superhero who can change his size , thanks to the scientific prowess of Dr. Hank Pym . Paul Rudd is playing Lang , who has a two-bit criminal background , in the movie -- due out next year -- and Marvel just released a photograph of the grizzled figure standing by San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge , an old Ford van nearby . "  Ant-Man " is being directed by Peyton Reed  "  Bring It On , " "  Yes Man "  with a script from Edgar Wright , Joe Cornish and Adam McKay . Michael Douglas is playing Pym . Judy Greer , John Slattery join ` Ant-Man ' The movie will also film in Atlanta . What do you think ? Are you looking forward to "  Ant-Man " ?	Marvel releases pic from "  Ant-Man " Paul Rudd plays the superhero , a former thief who can change size The film is due out in 2015
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A second lingerie-modeling photo of Miss California USA Carrie Prejean has appeared after she assured pageant officials this week that the earlier shot was the only one she had appeared in . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in . The Web site that published the first picture published a second one Wednesday . It had already promised to "  slowly roll out " more photos . After the appearance of the first photo , the possibility that racier images could emerge prompted "  closed-door meetings " Tuesday to consider stripping Prejean of her beauty queen title , pageant spokesman Ron Neal said . Although Neal said Prejean "  breached her contract " by keeping the semi-nude photo or photos a secret , the only pictures published so far appear about as revealing as the bikini Prejean wore in the pageant 's swimsuit competition . "  We have been told by Carrie Prejean there are no other photos other than the one circulating in existence . She should know better than anyone , " Miss California USA Director Keith Lewis said Wednesday before the latest photo was released . Watch reaction to racy photos " Pageant officials were not immediately available for comment on the new picture . The 21-year-old Miss USA contestant has been the center of controversy since she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage last month . She finished as runner-up to Miss USA . In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos -- and she did use the plural -- were being used in a "  vicious and mean-spirited " effort to silence her for "  defending traditional marriage . " While she vowed to "  continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is , " Prejean may be doing so without the Miss California USA title . State pageant officials met Tuesday with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal . "  When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " he said . CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification . The first photo made public shows Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top . She is turned away from the camera , with her arm hiding most of her breast . The second photo is essentially the same , but Prejean is looking over her opposite shoulder . It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider that a semi-nude photo , in light of their standard requirement that contestants parade across stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin . Ahead of the second photo being published , Nik Richie -- of TheDirty.com -- said he was upgrading his Web site 's servers to handle the flood of traffic he expects will come after he posts the additional photos . "  I will slowly roll these out , " Richie said . The Web site appeared to be overwhelmed by traffic early Thursday . CNN tried to access it , but could not . "  We 'll see what happens with those and we want to know who 's releasing them , " Neal said . Shanna Moakler , the co-executive director of the Miss California USA organization , will meet with Tami Farrell , the runner-up for the title , "  to discuss the possible next steps , " Neal said . Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a Victoria 's Secret model . "  I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said . "  Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . " She said the photos "  have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . " "  I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said . "  But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive . While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean-spirited attacks . " Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job . "  In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ . "  She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . " Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting "  opposite marriage "  marriage between a man and a woman  funded by the National Organization for Marriage . "  Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign . "  There is something special about unions of husband and wife . Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . " CNN 's Aileen Martinez contributed to this report .	Miss California USA Carrie Prejean says she posed for one semi-nude photo A Web site says it has more photos of Prejean , and plans to slowly roll them out Prejean is in the news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
CNN  -- A mysterious , circular structure , with a diameter greater than the length of a Boeing 747 jet , has been discovered submerged about 30 feet  9 meters  underneath the Sea of Galilee in Israel . Scientists first made the discovery by accident in 2003 using sonar to survey the bottom of the lake but published their findings only recently . "  We just bumped into it , " recalls Shmuel Marco , a geophysicist from Tel Aviv University who worked on the project . "  Usually the bottom of the lake is quite smooth . We were surprised to find a large mound . Initially we did n't realize the importance of this but we consulted with a couple of archaeologists , and they said it looked like an unusually large Bronze Age statue . " The structure is comprised of basalt rocks , arranged in the shape of a cone . It measures 230 feet  70 meters  at the base of the structure , is 32 feet  10 meters  tall , and weighs an estimated 60,000 tons . It is twice the size of the ancient stone circle at Stonehenge in England . Its size and location , say Marco , who also took video of the structure during a scuba dive to examine it , indicated it could have been constructed underwater as a type of fish nursery . However archeologists think it more likely it was built on dry land and later submerged by the lake . "  From a geophysical perspective , it is also important to the history of the lake , because it means the water level was lower than it was today , " says Marco . According to Yitzhak Paz , the archeologist who led the study , the fact that the structure is underwater has made it a particularly difficult study . "  If the site was inland , it would be much easier to investigate . By now we would have excavated , but because it 's submerged we have n't yet been able to . It is a much harder process , both physically and financially . It is very expensive to raise support for such an enterprise . " Watch : Bringing ancient Babylon back from the dead The exact age of the structure has been difficult to pinpoint , but calculations based on the six to ten feet  two to three meters  of sand that have accumulated over the bottom of the base -- sand accumulates an average of one to four millimeters per year -- as well as comparisons to other structures in the region , put the estimate anywhere between 2,000 and 12,000 years old . The possible purpose of the structure is even more enigmatic . Dani Nadel , an archeologist from the University of Haifa , who partnered on the site , and who has led several prehistoric excavations in the region , notes it shares similarities with communal burial sites , though he 's quick to discourage anyone from drawing a definitive conclusion . "  This is such a huge structure that it truly is something unusual . It could have been a big ceremonial structure , or a ramp . There could have once been statues on top of people in certain rituals . I mean , I 'm really going wild here . The truth is we do n't know how it was constructed , what its exact age is , how it was used , or how long ago it was used . We have several speculations , but we do n't know much except that it 's there and it 's huge . " Despite the limitations of examining underwater ruins , Nadel says that once they do raise the funds to excavate , there is a good likelihood that their findings will be more complete than would be possible with a land-based structure . Read more : UAE 's desert lake causes eco-controversy "  Above land , many organic remains are decomposed by worms , and other creatures needing oxygen . Underwater , you do n't have oxygen , so the process of decomposition is on a much smaller scale , " he says . Nadel points to Ohalo II , a site he excavated near the Sea of Galilee that had been submerged for 23,000 years before a drop in water level made it easy to excavate . Ohalo II is significant because it was one of the best preserved prehistoric sites in the world . "  In most sites , you 're lucky to find five or ten seeds . At Ohalo , we found 150,000 . We learned a lot about the diet  of the inhabitants  , what fish they were eating , what animals they were hunting . When a site is underwater it gives us the opportunity to see history in much more detail . " What archeologists are certain of is that the monument was likely of great importance to the people who built it . Marco notes that the nearest basalt outcrop was a few hundred meters from the site , and that the stones , which were three to six feet  one to two meters  in width , would have weighed over 200 pounds  90 kilograms  at times . "  We see a society that was capable of organizing the construction of such a large structure . It 's unique to transport these stones and unique to arrange them . You need to plan and to mobilize people , because they 're too heavy to be carried by a single person . " Nadel points out that given the harsh environment such a structure was a particularly impressive accomplishment . "  You have to imagine , " says Nadel , "  these people were building something that was more durable than their brush huts . "	Ancient structure twice the size of Stonehenge found submerged Thought to be between 2,000 and 12,000 years old Archeologists believe it was built on land then later submerged Guesses as to site 's purpose ; could be ceremonial structure or huge ramp
CareerBuilder  -- Just because icons like Albert Einstein and Thomas Edison are n't alive today , does n't mean their leadership lessons should be forgotten . And since history always repeats itself , there is some career advice that never seems to change . Here , we take a look at the leadership philosophies of iconic leaders and how they can help you get ahead in your own career . "  There are no secrets to success . It is the result of preparation , hard work and learning from failure . " -- Colin Powell Career lesson : When it comes to your career , it 's impossible to take the easy way out . Most of those who 've found success do n't have some secret connections that have helped them get ahead . Moving up in a company or building a business is always done the old-fashioned way -- by striving to do your best . "  I have not failed . I 've just found 10,000 ways that wo n't work . " -- Thomas Edison Career lesson : Not everyone gets it right 100 percent of the time , and the ability to rebound from career mistakes is just as important as getting it right the first time around . Companies are most interested in workers who can work through problems instead of giving up . "  Logic will get you from A to Z ; imagination will get you everywhere . " -- Albert Einstein Career lesson : These days , innovation is a buzzword , and knowing how to think outside the box is a valuable skill . Companies are n't simply looking to hire clones , so understanding how to differentiate yourself in a corporate environment is a plus . "  Finish every day and be done with it . You have done what you could ; some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in ; forget them as soon as you can . Tomorrow is a new day ; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense . " -- Ralph Waldo Emerson Career lesson : There 's never a perfect day at work , and dwelling on past mistakes or having a negative attitude can prevent you from making progress . Remember that most of your superiors and managers have erred in the past but somehow managed to score that promotion . "  Choose a job you love , and you will never have to work a day in your life . " -- Confucius Career lesson : Just because a specific career is associated with a high salary or is in demand does n't mean you should pursue it . Picking a profession you 're genuinely interested in always makes it simpler to enjoy your work . "  Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions . Small people always do that , but the really great make you feel that you , too , can become great . " -- Mark Twain Career lesson : Finding great mentors and avoiding those who do n't believe in you is a must as you start your career . Whether it 's a bullying boss , a jealous co-worker or an unsupportive classmate -- there 's never a reason to be weighed down by negative opinions . "  The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood ; who strives valiantly ; who errs , who comes short again and again , because there is no effort without error and shortcoming ; but who does actually strive to do the deeds ; who knows great enthusiasms , the great devotions ; who spends himself in a worthy cause ; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat . " -- Theodore Roosevelt Career lesson : Put your all in to your career -- sometimes you will fail , and sometimes you will succeed beyond what you could have imagined . Take risks , make sacrifices , learn from your mistakes and keep going . "  Every now and then go away and have a little relaxation . To remain constantly at work will diminish your judgment . Go some distance away , because work will be in perspective and a lack of harmony is more ready seen . " -- Leonardo DaVinci Career lesson : Sometimes , taking a break is just as important as working hard . Getting burned out will be a lot worse for your productivity than simply stepping back once in while . Alina Dizik researches and writes about job search strategy , career management , hiring trends and workplace issues for CareerBuilder.com . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Colin Powell : Preparation , hard work and learning from failure is way to success Albert Einstein : "  Logic will get you from A to Z ; imagination will get you everywhere " Mark Twain : "  Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions "
CNN  -- The face of 15-year-old Aziza says it all . Her mouth slightly agape , tears stream down her face as she glances around the inside of a helicopter with confusion in her eyes . She looks completely exhausted , overcome with emotion . She cries the whole flight to safety . The Iraqi air force and fighters with the Kurdish peshmerga carried out a dramatic rescue mission Monday at Mount Sinjar , taking supplies to desperate Yazidis and ferrying a handful of people out , including Aziza . A CNN crew was on the flight that took diapers , milk , water and food to the site where thousands of people have been driven by ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Map : Where is ISIS ? CNN 's Ivan Watson , who was on the chopper , described the mission as "  heroic . " Teams hurled out bags and boxes of food from as high as 50 feet before approaching the ground . "  We landed on several short occasions , and that 's where -- amid this explosion of dust and chaos -- these desperate civilians came racing towards the helicopter , throwing their children on board the aircraft . The crew was just trying to pull up as many people as possible , " Watson said . Soon , some of the trapped families -- including babies and the elderly -- were packed into the flight . A man held a water bottle for a woman trying drink , her head propped up on his shoulder . Others did n't make it and were left behind as the helicopter pulled away . "  It was chaotic . It was crazy , but we were able to then lift off with about 20 civilians , " Watson said . Iraq 's Yazidis trapped , hiding from ISIS in the mountains Kurdish official warns of genocide Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . One of the oldest religious communities in the world , they have long suffered persecution , with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshippers . More than a week ago , they fled into the surrounding mountains when ISIS fighters stormed the town of Sinjar . Now , trapped without food , water or medical care in the summer heat , thousands of families are in desperate need of help . A senior Kurdish official warned Monday of the potential of genocide against the Yazidi people . Speaking to CNN 's Watson , Fazil Mirani repeatedly called for a humanitarian intervention . He estimated that as many as 70,000 people remain trapped on Mount Sinjar , and that at least 100 people have died so far from dehydration and the heat . CNN could not independently confirm those estimates . Who are the religious and ethnic groups under threat from ISIS ? ` They flew in shooting ; they flew out shooting ' The United States on Monday conducted airstrikes on four ISIS checkpoints and "  multiple " ISIS vehicles near Mount Sinjar , according to U.S. Central Command . "  Our aircraft remain positioned to strike any terrorist forces around the mountain who threaten the safety of these families , " President Barack Obama said the same day . "  We 're working with international partners to develop options to bring them to safety . " Back on the helicopter , the relief of those already rescued was palpable . The crowd on board burst into tears as the chopper took off . Young and old , women and men , civilians and servicemen -- all cried with the intensity of the moment . Gunners had to open fire at the ground in order to make it away from ISIS . "  They flew in shooting ; they flew out shooting , " Watson reported . "  There was not a dry eye on the aircraft . " Who are the Yazidis ? Why does ISIS want to kill them ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The United States conducts airstrikes around Mount Sinjar Yazidis fled there to escape the march of ISIS A CNN crew was on the rescue flight Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent
EDINBURGH , Scotland -- Hibernian have named former striker Mixu Paatelainen as their new manager in succession to John Collins -- who resigned last month in frustration at the lack of funds available to buy new players . Paatelainen was a popular playing figure in the distinctive green of Hibernian . The Finn , who enjoyed two playing spells with the Scottish Premier League club , joins from Finnish side TPS Turku . The 40-year-old , who also played for Dundee United , Aberdeen , St Johnstone and St Mirren in Scotland -- as well as Bolton and Wolverhampton in England , confirmed he is relishing the challenge of his new job . "  I am very happy to take up this opportunity , " Paatelainen said . "  Everyone knows of my great affection for this club and I believe my desire to see teams play exciting , attacking and intelligent football fits well with the club 's philosophy . "  I will bring energy , hard-work and leadership to the squad . I am also committed to working with players , as individuals and groups , to help them to improve . "  If I can help one player improve , the team is better . If I can help all players improve , we are much better . " Capped 70 times by Finland , Paatelainen helped Turku finish third in the Veikkausliiga last year . Compensation for his release has been agreed . His two playing stints with Hibernian were from 1998-2001 and 2002-2003 , either side of a spell with French side Strasbourg . Paatelainen may know some of the Hibernian players who have come through the youth set-up , having been involved in coaching of the club 's youngsters during his second playing spell . Hibernian chairman Rod Petrie said : "  We are delighted Mixu has agreed to take up the challenge and opportunity of managing Hibernian . We are convinced that he was the strongest candidate , and he impressed us a great deal during his interview . "  He has a clear vision of the type of football he wants to play , has strong ideas on man-management and demonstrates excellent leadership qualities . I am sure he will further enhance his growing reputation . " E-mail to a friend	Scottish club Hibernian appoint Finn Mixu Paatelainen as their new manager The 40-year-old replaces John Collins , who resigned from his post last month Paatelainen was a popular figure during two different playing spells with Hibs
CNN  -- Underwhelmed . That , in a word , was the response in many quarters to Apple 's rollout of two new iPhones on Tuesday . With the iPhone 5S , the industry 's leading smartphone got a quicker processor , better camera and new fingerprint security scanner . With the iPhone 5C , it got less expensive and more colorful . And yet , from the Internet to Wall Street , Apple got savaged mercilessly . "  Much-hyped iPhone announcements from the tech giant did little to stop  Apple 's  year-long descent into stagnation , " wrote Marcus Wohlsen in Wired , a CNN.com content partner . "  Though the faster , sleeker , more powerful phone is unarguably cool , the steps forward are still incremental . And incremental is n't what the world expects from Apple . " Even The Onion , whose spot-on satire can sometimes be a brutal contact sport , mocked Apple CEO Tim Cook 's presentation with a story headlined , "  Apple Unveils Panicked Man With No Ideas . " "  The white , ultrathin man , who exhibited such features as artificial excitement , a fully quavering voice , and what appeared to be a near total lack of inspiration , was put on full display for thousands of shareholders , industry insiders , reporters , and fans today in what Apple hopes will be a game-changer for the multinational corporation , " read the article . Add to that a chorus of tongue-clucking from an oft-skeptical tech blogosphere , the short-form snark of Twitter , sideswipes from competitors and jitters on Wall Street , and you 're a long way away from the fantastical "  reality distortion field " that Steve Jobs famously conjured whenever he pitched a new idea or product to an adoring world . But is all this criticism fair ? Harder to make a splash To some , Apple is a victim of its own success . After revolutionizing mobile technology with the iPod , iPhone and iPad , unveiling a device that feels more like an upgrade than a game-changer may feel to loyal fans like a breach of trust . "  When a company has positioned itself on the foundation of innovation , the idea of not innovating in a new product introduction can be a commercial nightmare , " said Ronald Goodstein , an associate professor of marketing at Georgetown University . "  Apple has consistently bet the house on innovation , and has a great winning record in the past 15 years . For them to introduce a ` me too ' product is against what they stand for ... . "  This is not to say that the new phone is not good . Its quality is fine , " Goodstein told CNN . "  But to develop a new product that is in violation of their stated brand association is inconsistent . " Technically , there were smartphones before the iPhone and tablets before the iPad . But by fine-tuning design concepts and making them accessible to the mass market , Apple established itself as a hothouse for cutting-edge consumer technology . But Tuesday 's iPhones were the seventh and eighth versions of the aging iconic device . After six years on the market , some say there 's simply no way the iPhone can cause a seismic shift in smartphone technology every 12 months . "  It 's really easy for people to be disappointed and be critical and you 're looking at Twitter and all these tech people , they 're ripping Apple ... , " tech writer Rocco Pendola , of TheStreet.com , said to CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  Yes , they are less exciting . Tim Cook is not Steve Jobs . We 're not in a situation where they roll out the next big thing and surprise us at the end of the presentation . We have to come to grips with that . We have to live with that . " Adds CNET 's Charles Cooper : "  The magic 's gone out of the smartphone business , leaving companies and their advocates to argue about slightly faster processors , more megapixels , or slightly improved battery life . That 's progress , but it 's the equivalent of three yards and a cloud of dust . "  Smartphones ... belong a maturing industry , which means that it 's going to get harder and harder for any company -- Apple , Samsung , or any other would-be challenger -- to make a splash . " Innovation in new forms ? In other words , competition changes expectations . During its first few years of existence , the smartphone market was basically the iPhone and a handful of competitors trying desperately to catch up with the iPhone . Now , while it remains the top-selling handset , the iPhone only accounts for about 17 % of the world 's smartphones . Phones running Google 's Android operating system come in an array of sizes and styles and with a plethora of features . "  There is always room for ` Wow ! ' But , the fact is that when someone does wow the market , over time that feature or benefit becomes a ` must have ' for the industry , " said Georgetown 's Goodstein . "  It takes very little time until all brands offer that feature or benefit , and it goes from "  wow " to being the ante to play in the game . " Carolina Milanesi , a tech analyst with Gartner Research , says that the true quantum leaps for tech companies probably wo n't be in smartphones anymore . Instead , she says , most innovation will come in wearable tech , integrated television and other areas where Apple and its rivals are said to be at work on developing new products . Milanesi rejects the notion that there was no innovation unveiled Tuesday in Cupertino . "  I am not sure how they can talk about a 64-bit architecture and fingerprinting ... as a lack of innovation , " she said . "  It might not be the innovation people are looking for , such as a larger screen , but it 's hard to say ` lack of . ' " The iPhone 5S will contain the first 64-bit processor in a smartphone , which promises to increase the performance and speed of data-intensive games and other apps . Touch ID is a new security feature that will allow users to use their fingerprints to unlock the device . And the phone 's camera will now let you shoot slow-motion video . There may have been no Siri or sleek new design . But at the end of the day , Milanesi said , the iPhone got better . And a better new iPhone is still a formidable product . "  In most cases Apple does not walk on others ' paths , " she said . "  They create their own and stick to it . This is not necessarily the easy way to do it in the short term , but assures that they remain in control . "	New iPhones fail to impress Wall Street , some bloggers and analysts iPhone 5S and 5C saw upgrades , but not overhauls But some say it 's not fair to expect major innovation from Apple every year Analyst : Apple ` does not walk on others ' paths '
CNN  -- Egyptian troops canvassed streets Friday after a fresh spate of violence in the volatile North African nation , hoping to prevent a repeat of the bloody , chaotic revolution of two years ago , a military spokesman said . Military forces have been deployed nationwide to protect Egyptian citizens and property , Ahmed Ali told the MENA state news organization , as reported by Ahram Online , another official news agency . The Ahram story recalled how police stations came under attack , prisons were broken into and shops were looted in the unrest of early 2011 . "  These measures are being taken to avoid a January 28 , 2011 , scenario , " the spokesman said . Those protests and a government crackdown culminated in the ouster of longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Friday 's move follows deadly clashes in Alexandria and elsewhere , many of them targeting Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood . Four members of that Islamist group -- which was banned under Mubarak but has risen to power since his fall , most notably in the form of President Mohamed Morsy who has been in office for a year -- have been killed in recent days . The Alexandria office of the Brotherhood 's political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , was attacked Friday . Health Ministry spokesman Yehya Moussa said one man was killed by a gunshot wound to the head during clashes outside party headquarters . And on Friday night , he said that a 21-year-old American had died in the Alexandria clashes . The young man 's family identified him as Andrew Driscoll Pochter , a Kenyon College student living in the Egyptian port city to teach English to 7 - and 8-year-old children . Their understanding was that he 'd been witnessing the events "  as a bystander  when he  was stabbed by a protester . " "  He went to Egypt because he cared profoundly about the Middle East , and he planned to live and work there in the pursuit of peace and understanding , " his family said . "  Andrew was a wonderful young man looking for new experiences in the world and find ways to share his talents . " State media reported that 70 were injured in the same clashes . Read more : Ready for Egypt 's ` second revolution ? ' Two people were shot dead Thursday when armed men attacked the Muslim Brotherhood officers in Zagazig , Morsy 's hometown , spokesman Gihad Haddad said . The identity of the shooters is unknown , but Haddad said witnesses heard the gunmen shouting "  down with Morsy . " Another Muslim Brotherhood member died from injuries he suffered in clashes in Mansoura , Haddad said . "  I feel rage and the inability to act , " he said . "  I feel there is a treasonous police force that 's allowing this to happen . " Morsy gave a speech this week highlighting his achievements during his first year in office . But the largest opposition umbrella group said Morsy did not address his shortcomings , and issued a statement calling for snap presidential polls , a new government and constitutional amendments . Morsy 's speech "  only deepens our resolve to press our demands for early presidential elections in order to achieve the aims of the revolution , most important of which is social justice , " the statement said . Haddad said that the Brotherhood 's policy is to never respond to attacks against it with violence . However , he seemed to suggest that the Brotherhood 's leaders may not be able to stop reprisal attacks . "  I do n't think organization will matter that much . I am concerned because , if anything , these killings are infuriating the youth . All the martyrs are Brotherhood youths , " he said . He said the Brotherhood would go ahead with planned demonstrations Friday in Cairo followed by an indefinite sit-in . If the sit-in extends to Sunday , it would coincide with mass demonstrations planned by opposition factions in front of the presidential palace . Governments around the world are paying attention -- at the least , to make sure that their own workers and citizens are safe . About 200 U.S. Marines in Sigonella , Italy , and Moron , Spain , have been put on alert as a precaution , according to two officials in President Barack Obama 's administration . U.S. Marines told to be ready to go to Egypt The units have several V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft that could carry personnel and weapons to protect the U.S. Embassy and American government personnel and citizens if violence breaks out targeting Americans . They 've been told to be ready to be airborne within 60 minutes of getting orders to deploy , the officials said . The United States has approved the departure of embassy and consulate employees and their dependents because of the brewing unrest , a senior State Department official said . Nonessential employees and their relatives can get help leaving , if they choose to do so . CNN 's Elise Labott and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : An American teaching English was a bystander when he was stabbed , family says Egyptian troops deploy nationwide to curb unrest , a military spokesman says Several members of the Muslim Brotherhood have been killed nationwide recently President Morsy , who is closely tied to that group , just completed his first year in office
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Tibetan government-in-exile has called on the international community to take action to halt violence in western China that has reportedly killed several Tibetans and left others wounded . "  The Central Tibetan Administration urges the international community to not remain passive before the current situation , " Lobsang Sangay , the head of the government-in-exile , said in a statement Tuesday . "  It is high time for it to intervene to prevent further bloodshed . " Clashes between Tibetan protesters and Chinese authorities occurred in recent days in Ganzi Prefecture , a mountainous area west of Sichuan Province . The unrest comes after a string of self-immolations by Tibetan protesters in recent months and with the approach of the anniversary of an uprising against Chinese rule , which has been a flash point in the past . The United States , which recognizes Tibet as an autonomous region of China , expressed concern about the situation . "  We are seriously concerned by reports of violence continuing , heightened tensions in the Tibetan area of China , including reports that security forces in Sichuan Province have been opening fire on protesters , killing some and injuring others , " Victoria Nuland , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said Tuesday . The Chinese government and international groups advocating Tibetan rights have offered differing versions of events this week in Ganzi , which Tibetans call Kardze . China has accused the rights groups of trying to "  distort the truth " about the violence through "  ill-intentioned hype . " The first clashes took place Monday in Luhuo County , known as Drango by Tibetans . Citing witnesses , rights groups like Free Tibet and the International Campaign for Tibet say that thousands of Tibetans had marched on government offices before the police opened fire into the unarmed crowd , killing two or three protesters and injuring dozens . The reports , which could not be independently verified , contrasted with the account given by the Chinese state news agency . A group of people , some with knives , damaged stores along a main street before throwing stones at the police and destroying two police vehicles and two ambulances , according to Xinhua news agency . The violence left one of the marchers dead and four wounded , as well as five police officers wounded , according to the news agency . It did not mention the use of guns by the authorities . Then on Tuesday , violence reportedly erupted in Seda County , which Tibetans call Serthar . Tibetan advocacy groups said that the Chinese security forces had shot dead between two and five protesters . There was no immediate reaction from the Chinese authorities on the reports of violence in Seda . "  How long and how many tragic deaths are necessary before the world takes a firm moral stand ? " said Sangay , who took over from the Dalai Lama last year as the political head of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India . "  Silence from the world community sends a clear message to China that its repressive and violent measures to handle tensions in Tibetan areas are acceptable . " The United States said it was keeping the pressure on China over the issue . The violence comes ahead of the Tibetan New Year on February 22 amid high tensions following more than a dozen self-immolations by Tibetans in the past year . For a fifth straight year , China will close Tibet to foreign tourists again this year from the Tibetan New Year festival until the anniversary of a deadly anti-government riot among Tibetans in March , according to regional travel agents . CNN 's Sumnima Udas , Jethro Mullen and Chi-Chi Zhang contributed to this report .	Clashes in China reportedly kill several Tibetans , rights groups say China has accused the groups of trying to "  distort the truth " about the unrest The Tibetan government-in-exile calls for intervention by the international community The United States says it is "  seriously concerned " about the reports of violence
Washington  CNN  -- The Kansas Senate seat that Republicans have controlled for the past 80 years looks like it could be in trouble , a new poll finds . Independent candidate Greg Orman now has a 10-point lead in his campaign to unseat three-term incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts , according to a NBC News/Marist poll released Sunday . The survey of 636 likely Kansas voters has Orman with 48 percent of the vote to Roberts ' 38 percent of the vote , outside of the poll 's 3.9 percentage point margin of error . That represents a five - to 10-point gain for the independent candidate , with polling over the last month judging the race anywhere from a dead heat to a five-point advantage for Orman . Roberts ' campaign bringing major players to Kansas The latest poll , which was conducted between Sept. 27 and Oct. 1 , comes after a push from national Republicans to bolster Roberts with several Washington campaign operatives , who have helped develop a new , more direct campaign strategy : painting Orman as a Democrat in disguise . Democrats have placed their bets on an Orman victory , going so far as to pull their own nominee from the race to give Orman a better shot at unseating Roberts . Taking out a Republican senator , without a Democrat on the ballot And while Orman has n't said which party he will caucus with if he makes it to Congress , Roberts ' campaign has done more than suggest Orman will join forces with Democrats , even calling Orman "  Obama 's candidate for Senate " in a recent ad . NBC News/Marist polling released Sunday also gave Democratic Senator Kay Hagan an edge over her Republican rival Thom Tillis , a good sign for Democrats in a toss-up state that could be crucial to determining the balance of the Senate . Hagan leads with 44 percent of the vote to Tillis ' 40 percent , but within the polls ' 3.8 percentage point margin of error . And in the neck-in-neck Iowa Senate contest , NBC News/Marist polling reports that the race is still a statistical dead heat , with Ernst leading by two points but within the 3.5 percentage point margin of error . Ernst has 46 percent of the vote , according to the poll , to Braley 's 44 percent of the vote .	A new poll finds independent Greg Orman has a 10-point lead against Republican Pat Roberts . The survey also gave Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan a four-point lead in the tight N.C. race . And in Iowa , polling from the same group puts the Iowa Senate race at a dead heat .
CNN  -- The outgoing director of the Federal Air Marshal Service told CNN that he bought several guns from an employee under investigation over concerns he may have used his position to get free and discounted firearms . But Robert Bray denied that he did anything wrong or that the probe is behind his decision to retire from the aviation security agency . Bray said in a telephone interview that he bought four Sig Sauer handguns over a four - or five-year period through the air marshal service employee , a decision he now regrets because it has placed him under a cloud of suspicion . "  I 've been in law enforcement for 39 years , 39 years . I 've never had one allegation of misconduct , " Bray said . He listed the purchases and said he believed he paid full price . "  I have nothing to hide . I 'm not trying to hide anything , " Bray said . A Transportation Security Administration source told CNN that an employee is under investigation for allegedly buying weapons at a discount and selling them to other employees . TSA said the employee , Daniel Poulos , is on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation . His attorney did not respond to a request for comment . Bray , who previously served with the Secret Service on presidential protection details , said he bought the guns from Poulos . The air marshal service , which places armed , undercover agents on commercial flights , is part of the TSA . Both are under the Homeland Security Department . Allegations that Bray and other top air marshal service officials inappropriately purchased handguns through the agency 's point of contact with Sig Sauer have circulated in an anonymous email in recent months . FoxNews.com , citing law enforcement and congressional sources , said Bray 's recently announced retirement , effective in June , is directly related to the investigation . It said Bray 's house was raided in December in connection with the ongoing probe . But Bray and TSA spokesman David Castelveter told CNN that Bray 's house was not raided . Bray said Fairfax County , Virginia , police came to his house following a December burglary during which his TSA-issued gun was stolen . People may have confused that police investigation with a raid , he said . "  I reported that to the Fairfax County Police Department . It was my service weapon . It was in my briefcase . It was locked . It was in a secure  place  , " he said . Castelveter said the TSA is aware of allegations that Bray improperly purchased handguns "  and we 're looking into it . " The matter is being investigated by the TSA 's Office of Inspections , he said . "  None of it has any basis in fact . It 's not true and it 's very disturbing to me , " he said of suggestions he may have done something wrong . Bray said he purchased four guns from SIG Sauer through Poulos , who was then a FAMS supervisory agent in the training division . "  I did buy guns from Dan Poulos . I bought four guns . I believe I paid full market value for them . I wish I had not have done that , but that 's the process , " he said . "  Unfortunately that was standard procedure for a lot of law enforcement . He had the guns and I bought them from him , " he said . "  Do I wish I had never met the guy ? Absolutely , " Bray said , asking and answering his own question . Bray said that in April 2009 he purchased a SIG Sauer 220 ACP for $ 589.01 ; In September 2010 , he purchased two SIG Sauer P250 ACPs for $ 428 and in October 2012 , he purchased a SIG Sauer P220 ACP for $ 901.95 . Bray said he has provided documentation to TSA investigators . Asked if he paid full price , Bray answered "  I believe I did . " The cost of guns varies largely by model and accessories , so it was not immediately possible to determine the market value of the weapons . Bray said he chose to buy the guns through Poulos because of the convenience . Bray said he gave one gun to his son , traded one weapon that was not working properly for another weapon , and still has the remaining two guns . On Thursday , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security asked the TSA for more details . Rep. Richard Hudson , a North Carolina Republican , said he was concerned "  the director 's recently announced retirement may be directly related to an investigation into these activities and that this information was withheld from the Committee on Homeland Security . " "  I am extremely concerned about recent allegations of unethical behavior involving firearms within the Federal Air Marshal Service , dating as far back as 2010 , " Hudson said in a statement to CNN . Bray said his retirement was timed so that he could spend the summer at his vacation home , and not because of the TSA investigation . A federal air marshal supervisory agent , speaking on condition of anonymity , said there is a widespread belief that Bray is retiring because of the probe despite his protests to the contrary . "  He definitely is . That 's my opinion . There 's no way to prove it , " the agent said . Bray got a vote of confidence from Jon Adler , president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , which represents rank-and-file air marshals . "  I respect him . We do n't always agree , but I respect him , " Adler said . Adler said Bray discussed his desire to retire last year . "  It was n't a well-kept secret , " Adler said , adding that the timing was unfortunate . "  Bob 's not going to bow to pressure . "	Official in charge of undercover agents on commercial flights talks to CNN He says he bought guns from employee under investigation , but says he did nothing wrong Robert Bray is retiring from the Federal Air Marshal Service
A new investigation into the death of singer Amy Winehouse found that she died of accidental alcohol poisoning , authorities in London said Tuesday . The conclusion was the same as that of an earlier investigation , which had to be thrown out because the coroner did not have the right qualifications . The Grammy Award-winning artist , who had battled with alcohol and drug abuse for several years , was found dead at her north London home on July 23 , 2011 , at age 27 . The new inquest was ordered in December by the London borough of Camden . Dr Shirley Radcliffe , interim coroner for Inner North London , gave a verdict of "  death by misadventure " Tuesday , meaning the death is judged to be accidental , with no law broken and no criminal negligence involved . Winehouse "  had a history of excessive alcohol ingestion for some years and was under the care of a number of physicians , " Radcliffe told the court , according to a summary provided by Camden Council . "  She had had a period of abstinence from alcohol for 12-13 days in July but a few days before her death she began to drink alcohol again . "  Following her death the police attended and deemed the death to be non-suspicious . Toxicological analysis revealed a level of alcohol commonly associated with fatality . " The original coroner , Suzanne Greenaway , lost her position as assistant deputy coroner , to which she was appointed by her husband , London Coroner Andrew Reid , after it was discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer in the United Kingdom for the requisite five years . A life cut short : Remembering the tragedy of Amy Winehouse Greenaway 's report also concluded that Winehouse died of alcohol poisoning , in a "  death by misadventure . " A pathologist told Greenaway 's court that Winehouse 's blood-alcohol level was 416 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood . The level considered lethal is 350 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood , and the legal limit to drive in Britain is 80 milligrams of alcohol . The pathologist found no traces of tablets in Winehouse 's stomach and said her organs appeared to be normal . The singer 's soulful , throaty vocals brought her stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia . The tattooed London-born singer-songwriter 's first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when she was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's wedding dress stolen	The new probe finds that Amy Winehouse died of accidental alcohol poisoning Earlier probe that found the same was thrown out when coroner credentials questioned The 27-year-old singer was found dead at her home in north London in July 2011 She had battled with alcohol and drug abuse for several years
