CNN  -- On Wednesday I had the privilege of meeting with S. Ganbaatar , a member of the Mongolian Parliament . When he entered the room , Ganbaatar walked up excitedly to examine a framed document that has hung for years in my offices . The document is a list of commitments to the people , signed by dozens of candidates for public office who promised to vote on a specific policy agenda if they were elected to office . It 's framed alongside a picture of the candidates who signed and campaigned on it . Many of them went on to be elected in a historic vote that tossed out a party that had held power since the 1920s . Ganbaatar was looking at a framed copy of the 1996 "  Contract with the Mongolian Voter . " That contract was , as the Washington Post reported the next year , "  the most widely distributed document in Mongolian history . " The Mongolian voters -- with a 91 % turnout -- elected the democratic opposition , which four years earlier had held just six seats . With a program of "  private property rights , a free press and the encouragement of foreign investment , " they defeated the Communist Party that had ruled since 1921 . Ganbaatar , who was elected to Parliament as an Independent in 2012 and is already one of his country 's most popular politicians , recounted emotionally how the Contract with the Voter was a watershed event in modern Mongolian history . The ideas in that document , he told me , "  gave us our freedom . " Mongolia 's peaceful , democratic transition of power from the communists to a republican government was one of the few hopeful stories to come out of the former Soviet states in the early years after the Cold War . It was fitting , but only a coincidence , that Ganbaatar visited just a few days before the 20th anniversary of the Contract with America , the inspiration for Mongolia 's Contract with the Voters . On September 27 , 1994 , more than 350 candidates for Congress gathered on the steps of the U.S. Capitol to sign a pledge to the American people , a promise to vote on 10 key reforms if we won a majority in the House of Representatives . That campaign , which I helped organize , earned Republicans control of the House for the first time in 40 years . The Contract was a campaign document . It laid out a common-sense program that was designed to earn the support of the broadest possible range of Americans . Its assortment of policies included everything from changes to how the House did business to items on the budget , welfare and tax policy . But more than any particular proposal , the important thing about the document was its form : It was a contract , a real commitment to reform and accountability and renewal . It sought above all to "  restore the bonds of trust between the people and their elected representatives . " We knew Americans deserved a clear and unambiguous account of what we planned to do , and believed reform required their explicit support -- and that if we broke faith with them , we would n't deserve to hold power . So we invited people to vote us out again if we did n't follow through . But we did follow through -- in an extraordinary first hundred days that kicked off one of the most productive Congresses in American history . In addition to being a campaign document , the Contract was a management document that told us how we would govern . It led directly or indirectly to all of the achievements that would soon follow , including four straight balanced budgets , welfare reform , and the largest capital gains tax cut in American history . In retrospect , it 's clear that the Contract also marked an enduring political realignment . When the Republican House majority was sworn in in 1995 , there was only one Republican in the House  Bill Emerson from Missouri  who had ever served under a majority -- and he had done so as a page . Two years later , we became the first Republican majority that had been reelected since 1928 . And since the Contract , Republicans have held the House for 16 of the past 20 years , and should continue to hold it for the foreseeable future . As a detailed commitment to passing specific bills , the Contract was the first document of its kind in American history . It has now been replicated in other countries , like Italy and Mongolia , not because of its policy content , but because it expressed a hope in the heart of every voter -- an aspiration that , in the case of the U.S. -- did n't end with the election of 1994 and certainly did not begin there . The Contract was , quite literally , a renewal of a pre-existing commitment , one that had not been honored . It was the commitment that elected representatives of the people remain accountable to the people . This social contract is essential to self-government , but too often , our leaders abandon it once they join the political class . They forget about who put them there , they contrive to shield themselves from "  tough votes , " and they stretch further the restraints on their powers under the law . There 's nothing like a visit by a legislator from a place where , for the better part of the last century , lawlessness reigned , to remind you that the contract between the people and their representatives must be constantly renewed and ardently defended .	Newt Gingrich says Mongolia was influenced by Contract with America He says Republicans signed Contract 20 years ago ; it helped GOP win the House He says it was detailed commitment to passing specific bills , guided GOP in governing Gingrich : Too many leaders abandon ideals of Contract once they join the political class
CNN  -- Anton Hysen is a football player . He is also gay . "  So what ? " he says . "  Being gay is not a choice -- I hate it when people say that . " In March 2011 , Hysen , who plays in the lower leagues in Sweden , became the first man to come out in more than 20 years within the world of football . He broke the taboo . Fast forward two years and , while his life has changed immeasurably , the same problems remain . "  There 's so much ignorance , " he told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  There 's a lack of knowledge . Some people who are homophobic do n't even know a gay person . It 's all about preconceptions . "  I hear that football players are supposed to be masculine . I know plenty of straight guys who are more effeminate . "  There 's this illusion that every football player has to be macho and have a model girlfriend . It 's not acceptable to be a gay player . "  Why not ? We can run , we can play , we can score . So what 's the problem ? " The fight against homophobia in football has been stepped up in the UK in particular , with the "  Rainbow Laces " campaign taking center stage over recent days . Stonewall , a UK-based gay , lesbian and bisexual charity , teamed up with Irish bookmaker Paddy Power to promote the initiative -- which urged players to wear the colored laces to promote awareness . The organization sent laces to all 92 professional clubs in England and the 42 in Scotland but enjoyed only limited success , with clubs unhappy with the inclusion of a gambling firm and a lack of notice given by the charity . Many football fans took to Twitter to say they were unable to even see the laces , especially with players often boasting luminous footwear , while some professionals decided against wearing them for a multitude of reasons . ` It needs to be discussed ' But while he supports the campaign -- Hysen wore the laces during his most recent game -- he stresses that it is only a small step in bringing about a meaningful change in attitudes towards homophobia . "  I think it 's a good idea , " he said , after laughing that he had hit the post when he should have scored in that previous match . "  It 's not a big change but it is a step forward . It 's the least we can do . We can have lectures , we can ban people -- and laces wo n't change the mind of an idiot . "  A homophobe wo n't change his mind because players are wearing rainbow laces , but we 're putting it into their minds and we 're putting the issue into society so we can talk about it . "  It might make people more aware and make them reconsider but it 's not going to make people come out instantly . "  We can talk about it and discuss it . It needs to be discussed . There are not many players out there  wearing them  but it 's a nice gesture . "  I 've heard some idiotic excuses . I respect anyone who does n't want to  wear them  and has strong opinions on the matter but do n't give lame excuses . That 's silly . "  There are a lot of different things we can do -- but this shows some players are ready to show their support . Seeing a professional wearing them is great and gives comfort to gay people who are playing and are n't ready to come out . " Who 's next ? In February , U.S. soccer player Robbie Rogers revealed he is gay but at the same time announced he was retiring from the sport . Rogers , who was playing in England at the time , has since reversed his decision to quit and now plays back in his homeland with Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy . But not since the tragic death of Justin Fashanu has a top-flight division witnessed an openly gay professional football player . Fashanu , who committed suicide in 1998 , became the first # 1 million black player in the history of English football when he signed for Nottingham Forest in 1981 . Constant speculation surrounded his private life , and at one time he reportedly claimed he 'd had affairs with Conservative MPs -- which further fueled media interest . With the rumors continuing throughout his career , he finally came out in 1990 and continued to play for a whole host of lower league clubs . "  You have to understand , " he said in an interview before his death , "  that footballers are very narrow-minded people . It 's the nature of the business . When you put yourself in the firing line , you are open to attack . I know I 'm there to be shot down in flames . " Following his passing , one particular group of fans would recite the chant : "  He 's gay , he 's dead , he 's hanging in a shed , Fashanu , Fashanu . " ' I hope someone else will come out ' While there has been huge progress since those dark days , the presence of homophobia in football has not been extinguished . Hysen had hoped that he would become a trailblazer -- but Rogers aside , there has been little movement in terms of players coming out . "  I 've had quite a few anonymous phone calls from players who want to come out but I do n't know who they are or where they play , " said Hysen . "  I hope that someone else will come out just like Robbie Rogers did . That was great for U.S. soccer . At last we 're having a discussion about it and that 's huge . "  It has been pretty quiet and I understand that . People might not want to come out publicly and I understand . "  For me , the whole experience has been really positive . I 've not had any trouble at all . If somebody says something , then I do n't care . I do n't have time for any of that . I do n't waste my energy on that . "  Lately it has been really good -- I do n't know why it 's a problem . " Putting the Gay in Games But it 's not just in football where the problem exists -- the 2014 Winter Olympics have also courted controversy following the Russian government 's decision to implement a new law banning "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " There have been protests across the globe , with some athletes threatening to boycott the Games over what they believe are archaic and draconian laws . Russia says the legislation is intended to protect children by prohibiting discussion of gay rights and relationships within their earshot . "  I do n't understand what 's happening in Russia , " sighs Hysen . "  What year are we in ? "  It 's like the Stone Age out there . I respect their laws . It 's their country and I respect that but it 's all about human rights . We 're all humans . It 's prehistoric stuff . It 's 2013 now . "  Athletes are n't going there because of their sexuality . You 're going there to perform your sport -- you go out there and play and do your best . "  You 're not living there -- you 're just going to compete . It 's a problem . It 's difficult because you have to respect their laws but it 's ridiculous how we treat people in the 21st century . "  I know a few people going but I 'd never go . I 'll watch at home on television . " Football family Hysen is not shy in giving his views -- although he does squirm at the thought that he has become some kind of spokesman for gay sports stars : "  I always speak from the heart and do n't care what I say . " With a strong family around him , he has grown into a confident and aspiring young man who quickly realized that his life would never be the same . But by his own admission , the fact that he is the son of Glenn Hysen , the former Liverpool and Sweden international footballer , may have given him an advantage which others may not be as fortunate to enjoy . As a player , his father won the now defunct UEFA Cup twice with Swedish side IFK Gothenburg before moving to England , where he won the league title in 1991 . He is now on the coaching staff at Anton 's third division club Utsiktens , while brothers Tobias and Alexander are also professional footballers . Dancing star But Anton is famous in his own right -- his story an inspiration to millions around the world -- while he cites his victory in Sweden 's "  Dancing with the Stars " as another reason for his current popularity . "  In Sweden I get recognized a lot from my football but also from the dancing , " he laughs . "  I did n't think people would care that much but it 's nice . "  When I first came out I thought I would be in the newspapers in Sweden for a couple of days and that 's it -- I did n't think people would really care to be honest . "  And then suddenly it went crazy , and within two days the whole world knew , but it feels pretty good . I know that I 've done something good with my life . "  I was just a kid who happened to be gay -- I never thought it would be such a big deal . "	Anton Hysen was the second active football player to come out as openly gay He has received calls from players too scared to come out in the game Labels Russia 's anti-gay laws as "  Stone Age " ahead of 2014 Sochi Games Hopes he can help fellow gay players to come out in the future
Tribune Media Services  -- Kristin Budden 's hotel promises her a refund for her nonrefundable hotel room after a hurricane strikes . But months later , there 's no sign of the money and the hotel has gone into radio silence . Should she kiss the money goodbye ? A guest 's hotel promised her a refund , but she has n't received anything . Q : I think that you may be my only hope ! My father and I were supposed to meet in San Antonio before a conference . Lucky for us , the weekend that we were to be in San Antonio was the same weekend Hurricane Ike plowed through Texas . After experiencing Gustav just two weeks prior in Baton Rouge , I was not very keen on going for round two . My flight was canceled , anyway . We had made reservations at the Holiday Inn on the Riverwalk for the weekend . The rate was pre-paid and nonrefundable , which at the time of booking was fine . However , when we saw where the hurricane was headed , we called to cancel our reservations independently . After some discussion about the storm , the hotel told us both independently that , due to the extreme circumstances , we would receive refunds . I have an e-mail from the hotel regarding my "  refund . " Despite numerous e-mails to the hotel over many months , we 've received nothing . Any assistance that you can offer me would be greatly appreciated . -- Kristin Budden , Baton Rouge , Louisiana A : I think Holiday Inn owes you a refund . Not because of the hurricane , or because it was the right thing to do  although both are true  but because a hotel representative promised one in writing . If you had disputed the hotel charge on your credit card -- which would have been one of your options -- then the e-mail from your hotel is almost like money in the bank . During a dispute , a hotel may counter that by citing its nonrefundability policy , but from your credit card 's perspective , a written statement from the property that it agrees to override its rule is compelling evidence in your favor . Many resorts offer hurricane guarantees that give guests a no-questions-asked refund when a storm is on the way . Holiday Inn was n't one of those hotels as far as I can tell , but the commonly accepted practice in the travel industry is to not hold a customer accountable for a trip that ca n't be taken because of circumstances beyond his or her control . Remember , we let travel companies off the hook when they ca n't operate a plane because of bad weather or a hotel shuts down during a flood -- it 's only fair that they should do the same thing for us . It looks as if you limited your correspondence to the hotel . In a situation like this , it 's useful to begin with a brief , polite e-mail to the corporate guest-relations section on its Web site . Many hotels pass these complaints along to the hotel and may fine it if the grievances are n't resolved quickly . However , dealing with the hotel directly puts it under no such pressure and it may feel as if it can ignore your repeated requests . Next time you reserve a room during hurricane season , consider one that 's refundable . And if not , then at least consider taking out a travel insurance policy that would cover you if a hurricane hit your hotel . I contacted Holiday Inn on your behalf and it promised you a full refund . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	A Holiday Inn agreed to give a guest a refund due to an approaching hurricane The hotel said via email it would make an exception to its nonrefundable rate The guest tried for months to get her money back The Troubleshooter contacted the hotel and it promised to deliver the refund
CNN  -- For much of the world , February 14 is known as a day to celebrate love . But in Iran , Valentine 's Day has come to mark another occasion as well -- the anniversary of the house arrest of Iran 's leading opposition figures Mir Hossein Mousavi , Mehdi Karroubi and Zahra Rahnavard . On February 14 , 2011 , Iranian authorities placed Mousavi , Karroubi and Rahnavard under house arrest for calling on Iranians to demonstrate in support of the popular Arab uprisings across the region . According to Reuters , earlier this month Karroubi was moved from a Ministry of Intelligence-controlled safe house to his own home . The transfer shined new light on the plight of Iran 's "  prisoners of rights " -- those imprisoned for seeking to exercise commonly recognized political , social , religious , economic , and cultural rights , denied to them by the Iranian government . In addition to opposition politicians like Mousavi , Karroubi and Rahnavard , Iran 's prisoners of rights include lawyers , journalists , professors , students , labor union workers , poets , musicians , artists , dissident clerics , bloggers , ethnic and religious minorities , LGBT persons and even humanitarian aid workers . Civil rights and human rights activists are also a primary target . Some prisoners of rights , like women 's rights and student activist Bahareh Hedayat , have been arrested for holding gatherings to protest laws that discriminate against women . Others , like the "  Yaran " -- the seven leaders of the Bahá ' í religious minority in Iran -- are imprisoned for teaching a faith the Iranian government does not recognize . Still others , like lawyer Abdolfattah Soltani , are imprisoned for their efforts to assist or seek justice for prisoners of rights . Ironically , before his arrest , Soltani had been preparing a case in defense of the seven Bahá ' í leaders . The easing of restrictions on Karroubi 's house arrest will be of key interest to observers tracking President Hassan Rouhani 's delivery on promises he made on the campaign trail in last June 's presidential election . While Rouhani made no express promise to free Iran 's prisoners of rights , his references to the jailed opposition leaders and pledge to increase civil and cultural freedoms resonated strongly with voters . The release of renowned human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and other high profile activists last September in advance of President Rouhani 's first-ever address to the UN General Assembly buoyed hopes of more releases . And a subsequent announcement by the Iranian judiciary that 80 more political prisoners had been pardoned further stoked expectations . Unfortunately , these hopes have gone largely unrealized . According to human rights groups , only half of the 80 promised pardons can be confirmed . Many of those released had already served their terms . Since the announcement , arrests have continued -- including the arrest of a popular rapper and more than a dozen "  cyberactivists . " There is some indication that Iran 's Judiciary may be driving human rights abuses during President Rouhani 's first six months in office -- perhaps in an effort to undermine reforms . Indeed , while significant gains have been made through international diplomacy on the nuclear issue during President Rouhani 's tenure , advancement on human rights has come to a standstill . This despite a recent poll that shows democracy , civil rights and women 's rights top the list of priorities for the Iranian people . Regardless of whom in Iran 's complicated governance structure is at fault , one thing is clear : the international community 's engagement on human rights , alongside resolution of the nuclear issue and the easing of sanctions , remains a necessary factor for progress . Each visit to Tehran , each promise of renewed investment , each round of nuclear negotiations brings a fresh opportunity for global decision makers and influencers to press human rights concerns . These openings should not be squandered . Another opportunity will present itself when the P5 +1 powers reconvene in New York City this month . Although by definition the focus of the talks will remain on the nuclear issue , geo-strategic concerns will likely be raised . Alongside those concerns , every effort should be made to incorporate discussion of Iran 's human rights situation into the conversation . Finally , all of these governments will convene again in March for the UN Human Rights Council 's 25th session in Geneva . They should take the opportunity to recommit themselves to the human rights cause by adopting a resolution renewing the mandate of the UN Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Iran and allowing him to visit the country . The resolution should also set specific benchmarks for the Iranian government including the release of all prisoners of conscience , a moratorium on executions , and an end to restrictions on assembly , association , and expression . Recently developed bilateral and multilateral channels between Iran and global powers , including the European Union , its member states , and United States , should be used to advance these human rights goals . A few days ago another anniversary passed -- the 35th anniversary of Iran 's 1979 revolution . Back then the international community 's support of the Shah was also premised on long term diplomatic security and stability while paying short shrift to the leadership 's human rights abuses . The Iranian people did not forget this . Making the same mistake again is not only wrong , it is surely unwise . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gissou Nia .	Gissou Nia : Feb 14 marks the anniversary of the house arrest of leading opposition figures Iran 's prisoners of rights include lawyers , students , musicians , bloggers , writes Nia Nia : Iranian President Hassan Rouhani pledged to increase civil and cultural freedoms Unfortunately , these hopes have gone largely unrealized , she says
The U.S. Air Force 's nuclear command has been rocked by a cheating scandal involving nearly three dozen officers . Cheating on a proficiency exam involving intercontinental missile launch officers at the Global Strike Command at Malmstrom Air Force base in Montana apparently was carried out around last August and September by text and appears to be the largest incident of its kind , the Pentagon said . "  This is absolutely unacceptable behavior and it is completely contrary to our core values in the Air Force and as everybody here knows , the No. 1 core value for us is integrity , " Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James told reporters . Officials said the nuclear arsenal is secure . The case involving 34 officers with the 341st Missile Wing stemmed from a drug possession investigation at multiple air bases in the United States and overseas . Two of those caught up in the cheating episode have been linked to the other probe , officials said . Sixteen officers were ultimately found to have actually cheated on the monthly proficiency exam while the rest knew the answers had been shared with others and did not report the violation , the Pentagon said . All those disciplined in the investigation are no longer certified to conduct nuclear operations . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Welsh indicated there are enough officers on hand to securely maintain the nuclear missiles in Montana . He also echoed concern expressed by James about the integrity of the officers overseeing those caught up in the widespread cheating . "  We 're going to look into this with every means at our disposal , " he said . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel "  was deeply troubled " to learn of the allegations and "  he strongly supports the aggressive steps the Air Force is taking in response to them , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said in a statement . Hagel just returned from visiting ICBM officers in Wyoming . There are approximately 190 officers overseeing readiness of nuclear weapons systems in Montana , meaning the scandal has touched nearly 20 % of that force . The Air Force said all officers in the command will be re-tested by the end of Thursday . This is the latest incident to rock the Air Force nuclear operations . Last year , a missile unit at Malmstrom failed a safety and security inspection . They operate about a third of the 450 Minuteman III nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles in the U.S. force , according to the Air Force statement . Also last year , another outfit based at Minot , North Dakota , did poorly in an inspection , resulting in the removal of 17 military personnel from their jobs .	Pentagon says scandal involves 34 officers Cheating done by text that shared proficiency exam answers Those implicated served at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said to be disturbed by scandal at nuclear base
New York  CNN  -- A lawyer for a woman accused of being a high-end New York madam said Monday his client "  does n't have two nickels to rub together , " and offered his own loft as bail so the mother of four could get out of jail . Judge Juan Merchan will weigh the proposal made by the attorney , Peter Gleason , which would mandate that Anna Gristina be confined to Gleason 's apartment and have to wear an electronic ankle bracelet . A hearing is set for Thursday to consider this offer , which prosecutors oppose . For now , Gristina , 44 , remains behind bars with her bail set at $ 2 million bond or $ 1 million cash . She was arrested on February 22 and has been charged with promoting prostitution in the third degree . She is suspected of running a multimillion-dollar escort service for high-powered clientele out of an apartment in Manhattan 's Upper East Side . The judge ruled Monday that , given her financial situation as portrayed by Gleason , Gristina can continue to have a public defender . That means public funds can be used to pay her court-appointed attorney , Richard Siracusa . Gleason , who is a friend of Gristina 's , is representing her pro bono , or free of charge . Merchan , the judge , denied Gristina 's request to replace Siracusa as one of her representatives . He and Gleason butted heads during Monday 's court hearing . Gleason complained that Siracusa had not visited Gristina at New York 's well-known Rikers Island jail complex , while Gleason countered that he 'd visited their mutual client "  seven or eight times . " Siracusa , meanwhile , accused Gleason of hindering his own efforts . The judge made it clear Monday that Siracusa will be Gristina 's public defender and criminal attorney , while Gleason would represent her in other matters . Last Tuesday , a New York judge denied a request to reduce Gristina 's bail . That same day , a Morgan Stanley broker was placed on administrative leave pending the results of the investigation into Gristina , according to company spokesman Mark Lake . Prosecutors say Gristina was with the broker in his Manhattan office shortly before her arrest . They say the two were there to discuss the creation of a website that arranges illicit encounters . The broker , whom CNN is not naming because he has not been charged with a crime , said they were in talks to create a website for a legitimate dating service .	A lawyer offers his NYC loft in lieu of a $ 2 million bail so Anna Gristina can get out of jail A hearing will be held Thursday to consider that proposal Gristina , 44 , is accused of running an escort service for high-powered clientele Her two legal representatives are at odds during Monday 's hearing
LA GLORIA , Mexico  CNN  -- Tucked away in this small mountain village , off a dusty road flanked by pig farms , is where the earliest case of swine flu -- a virus spreading globally -- was confirmed . Five-year-old Edgar Hernandez , known as "  patient zero " survived the earliest documented case of swine flu . Meet the child known as "  patient zero " by his doctors -- 5-year-old Edgar Hernandez , who survived the earliest documented case of swine flu in an outbreak that , officials say , has now spread across four continents . His family lives in the 3,000-population village of La Gloria in the state of Veracruz , where a flu outbreak was reported on April 2 . State officials arrived and took samples from dozens of people . Lab tests confirmed that Edgar was the only patient in Veracruz to test positive for the swine flu virus ; the others had contracted a common flu . Health officials had returned to Edgar 's sample only after cases of the new flu strain were spotted around the country . "  In this case , there 's a patient who turned out to be positive for the swine-flu virus , with the exception that at that time in no region of the world it had been established as an etiological , epidemic cause , " said Mexico Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova . Edgar has managed to bounce back from his symptoms and playfully credits ice cream for helping him feel better . His mother blamed the virus on a huge pig farm in the neighborhood . Officials have conducted tests at the farm owned by U.S. company Smithfield Foods , and those tests came back negative . Meanwhile , Mexican health officials suspect the swine flu outbreak has caused more than 159 deaths and roughly 2,500 illnesses . The World Health Organization says at least 105 cases have been confirmed worldwide , including 64 in the United States ; 26 in Mexico ; six in Canada ; three in New Zealand ; and two each in Spain , the United Kingdom and Israel . WHO has confirmed deaths only in Mexico , where seven people have died from swine flu . The deadly outbreak in Mexico prompted authorities to order about 35,000 public venues in Mexico City to close or serve only take-out meals as health officials tried to contain the virus . iReport.com : Are you worried about swine flu ? Officials in Mexico City also ordered the closing of bars , clubs , movie theaters , pool halls , theaters , gyms , sport centers and convention halls until May 6 , said Juan Jose Garcia Ochoa , one of the city government 's top officials . Officials on Friday closed schools in the city and Monday extended that order nationwide until at least May 6 . "  I 'm pretty nervous of this whole virus thing , " Berta Hernandez said as she touched up her eyeliner inside a packed and humid subway car in Mexico City . She did not dare lift her surgical mask to put on lip gloss . "  I 'm nervous of the people who are n't wearing masks . Maybe they will suddenly sneeze or cough , " she said . Governments around the world scrambled to prevent further outbreak . Some , like China and Russia , banned pork imports from the United States and Mexico , even though the World Health Organization said the disease "  has not been shown to be transmissible to people through eating properly handled and prepared pork  pig meat  or other products derived from pigs . " Several others , such as Japan and Indonesia , used thermographic devices to test the temperature of passengers arriving from Mexico . The Philippines ' health department urged people to avoid kissing and hugging in public . Argentina announced a five-day ban on flights from Mexico . Four cruise lines -- Holland America , Royal Caribbean , Norwegian and Princess -- canceled upcoming calls to Mexican ports . President Obama said the outbreak is a cause for concern , not for alarm . The government urged travelers to avoid nonessential travel to Mexico . iReport.com : "  Regular life " in Mexico with masks The U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued emergency authorization for the use of two of the most common antiviral drugs , Tamiflu and Relenza . The authorization allows the distribution of the drugs by a broader range of health-care workers and loosens age limits for their use . In Mexico City , however , there is a shortage of such medication . It also became impossible to find protective surgical masks , which the government had handed out to one out of every five residents . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta inside a Mexico City hospital " Worried citizens continue to flood in night and day at hospitals , only to be turned around by armed guards . "  I was looking for a mask at my local pharmacy , but they sold out , " supermarket worker Rafael Martinez said as he rode the subway . "  I know it 's a risk , but I ca n't find one . " Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs . When the flu spreads person-to-person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity . Symptoms include fever , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Common seasonal flu kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year worldwide , far more than the current outbreak of swine flu . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " But there is no vaccine for the new disease , and little natural immunity , an expert said . "  I think the reason to be concerned is ... we had a vaccine for regular flu , " said Dr. Carlos del Rio of the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . "  This is a totally new virus . ... You have a virus to which there 's no pre-vaccination , there 's no prior immunity . And , therefore , the mortality rate may be higher than other influenza viruses . " Watch why swine flu is a "  sloppy virus " " Researchers do not know how the virus is jumping relatively easily from person to person , or why it 's affecting what should be society 's healthiest demographic . Meanwhile , Mexico 's largest city saw the the government close universities , postpone sporting events and cancel church services in an effort to try to stem the spread of the virus . "  I do n't think it 's feasible or advisable to shut down the city , " said Jose Luis Suarez , a newspaper vendor . "  People would try and get out somehow , and that would make a bad situation worse . " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta in La Gloria , Mexico , contributed to this report .	NEW : Boy , 5 , with first documented case and only in village , recovering 64 cases confirmed in United States , CDC says Thousands flood Mexican hospitals , scramble for masks WHO notes significant human-to-human transmission , a step toward pandemic
Rolling Stone  -- Traveling hip-hop festival Rock the Bells has announced its lineup . Performers include RZA  who will also curate the festival 's 36 Chambers Stage  , Bone Thugs-n-Harmony , Wiz Khalifa , Ice Cube , Mac Miller , J. Cole , Kid Cudi , 2 Chainz , A$ AP Rocky , Atmosphere , Missy Elliott and Timbaland , Redman and Method Man , Nas , Yelawolf , Kendrick Lamar , Dipset , Salt-N-Pepa , Tyga and more . Bone Thugs will perform their 1995 album "  E. 1999 Eternal " in full , while Redman and Method Man will perform their 1999 album "  Blackout ! " in its entirety . Presale will start this Friday , May 18 , at 10 a.m. PT . General sale will follow the next day , May 19 , at 10 a.m. PT . Rock the Bells will hit San Bernardino , California on August 19 and 20 and Mountain View , California on August 25 and 26 , before wrapping up September 1 and 2 in Holmdel , New Jersey . For exact lineups for each city and more details , visit Rock the Bells ' official website . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	RZA , Bone Thugs-n-Harmony and more will perform at hip-hop festival Rock the Bells Bone Thugs will perform their 1995 album "  E. 1999 Eternal " in full Presale will start this Friday , May 18 , at 10 a.m. PT
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Do n't get Jason Mraz talking about his avocado farm . You 'll never get around to speaking about his music . Jason Mraz is n't just a singer and songwriter -- he 's also a proud avocado farmer . When the San Diego singer-songwriter was in Los Angeles promoting his new album , "  We Sing . We Dance . We Steal Things , " he could n't hide his excitement about his five-acre orchard . "  I do sell my avocados , " he told CNN . "  I mean , they do n't have a sticker on them that say that these are from the Mraz Farms , but I moved into an area that all of us are avocado farmers . My trees are 25-30 years old and , two or three times a year , -LSB- workers -RSB- come through and they pick 'em all . Believe me , our kitchen is just like decked out with them . We 're constantly washing them , we 're eating them and we 're giving them to all our friends . " Mraz says he makes a great guacamole . But he 's even prouder of his "  Chocomole " -- a healthy chocolate mousse made with avocados . Watch why Mraz is happy if you steal his music " He says the creamy texture of the avocados will trick your tastebuds into thinking it 's a traditional dessert . "  You will freak when you try this chocolate mousse . There 's no sugar in it , there 's no soy products in it , there 's no tofu . You 're just eating a raw chocolate mousse , " he said . All around the world , vegans are salivating . Here 's the recipe -- straight from the secret recipe file in Jason 's avocado-shaped noggin . Mraz 's Chocomole Recipe : Note : This will make a huge bowl big enough for a family of four . You 'll want to share this with friends . Mash up 5 ripened avocados Add 1 - 2 cups of chopped or blended dates 1 soft cup of raw cacao 1 easy cup of raw carob powder 1 tbsp . vanilla Add a few long pours of agave nectar to sweeten to liking Then add half cups of cocoa and keep adding until chocolate taste is right . Careful not to overdo it -- if you add too much , it can get bitter . You will love . Enjoy , Jason	Jason Mraz 's new album : "  We Sing . We Dance . We Steal Things " Mraz also owns an avocado farm near San Diego , California Mraz has a recipe for a "  chocomole , " a mousse made with avocados
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- California 's Senate has voted down a measure that would have banned plastic bags at grocery stores . The new ban was rejected by a 21 to 14 vote late Tuesday . The ban would have included grocery stores , convenience stores and drugstores . The California Assembly passed the legislation in June . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger had said he would have signed the measure into law , the Los Angeles Times reported . Environmental groups such as the Sierra Club encouraged Californians to contact their state senators to push for the measure . The group Heal the Bay produced what it calls a "  mockumentary , " narrated by actor Jeremy Irons , called "  The Majestic Plastic Bag " that charts the life of a plastic bag . The video is on YouTube . The measure had its opponents , too . The American Chemistry Council criticized California Assemblywoman Julia Brownley , D-Santa Monica , who proposed the bill . "  Assemblywoman Brownley 's inflammatory comments are obviously intended to distract public attention from the substance and dire consequences of Assembly Bill 1998 , " the group said . "  Her proposed legislation to ban plastic grocery bags in California ... is bad for the economy and bad for the environment : It will eliminate several hundred California manufacturing jobs and dismantle existing plastic bag recycling programs . " According to its website , the chemistry council represents companies that "  make the products that make modern life possible , while working to protect the environment , public health , and the security of our nation . " In this case , that includes plastic bags . Brownley said she was disappointed with the vote . "  This is a sad day for California , " Brownley said . "  Communities across the state were waiting for the state to adopt a uniform , statewide ban on single-use bags before they adopt their own ordinances . The state failed them . " Brownley has been fighting to reduce plastic bag waste for three years , calling single-use bags "  an unnecessary scourge that blows like urban tumbleweeds into every corner of the earth . " Her bill gained support from the California Grocers Association , which decided to back the bill after Brownley agreed to subject all stores that sell groceries to the ban . CNN 's Adam Blank contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawmaker who proposed bill is disappointed Bill passed state Assembly in June Groups supporting and opposing the measure are speaking out Governor says he would have signed it into law , LA Times reported .
CNN  -- Roberto Ascencio has lived in the New Orleans area for 30 years , 28 of them on the West Bank of the Mississippi River . Thousands of drivers sat in traffic for hours as they fled Gulf Coast ahead of Hurricane Gustav 's arrival . The last time he fled the city , ahead of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , he was worried about his restaurant , which was two months away from opening . Once again , as he leaves town , his primary concern is his restaurant , which finally opened little more than a year ago after repairing damage from Katrina . "  It was very hard to get back to where we were , because the money was gone , " he said . "  I 'm worried because it 's my livelihood . My wife runs the restaurant with my sister-in-law . We worked so hard to get there . If it gets destroyed again , I 'll probably go bankrupt . I 'm just praying that it 's going to be OK . " Praying is all he or anyone leaving New Orleans can do as Hurricane Gustav makes its away across the Gulf of Mexico towards the Gulf Coast . View a map of Gustav 's projected path " By Sunday night , more than 1.9 million people had fled the city and its surrounding parishes , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said , many of them , like Ascencio , spending hours in traffic . Watch Jindal discuss the progress of evacuations " "  I thought it was going to be a piece of cake . As soon as we hit the interstate , it was bumper-to-bumper . It was very , very slow-moving , " he said . As the sun set behind him Sunday , Ascencio was driving east on Interstate 10 with his wife , daughter , three cats , three dogs and two birds . After 16 hours on the road , he was closing in on Biloxi , Mississippi , about 60 miles east of New Orleans . iReport.com : Leaving home ? Share your story "  We just took off , " he says . "  We do n't know where we 're going right now . It 's just crazy . " When Katrina hit three years ago , Ascencio and his family fled New Orleans for Houston , Texas . That trip took 18 hours , he said . Then , like now , the worst part was leaving behind his restaurant . This time , Ascencio said he took all the precautions he could before he left , safeguarding his stocks in the restaurant and moving possessions in his two-story home upstairs . CNN 's Susan Roesgen report on evacuations from New Orleans " But supplies were limited . The local home improvement store was out of plywood to board up the restaurant windows when he arrived . But he did what we could and set out on the road , unsure of where he would end up . "  Everybody on my side has Louisiana license plates . It looks like we own the whole highway , " Ascencio says , almost laughing . But just as quickly , his voice turns serious . "  I hope everything is well . I 'll need to get back and see how things are going , but right now we 've just got to keep going . "	About 1.9 million fled the New Orleans area this weekend ahead of Hurricane Gustav Roberto Ascencio left behind a restaurant that has been open for a year After 16 hours on I-10 , he closes in on Biloxi , Mississippi , about 60 miles away Ascencio hopes for the best , but right now , "  we just got to keep going "
CNN  -- Sad face of the day : Adulthood is just an endless string of irritating to-dos . They hang over your right shoulder in an angry gray cloud , extending in billowy tendrils into your consciousness whenever you begin to think about sinking into a lawn chair in the backyard or inviting some neighbors over for a themed poker night . "  You should be productiiiiiive , " they nag you in a sibilant whisper . "  You have ressssponsibilitiesss . " To be fair , technology has done a decent job of cutting down on said inconveniences . At one point , you had to use your own two feet or hitch up a carriage to go into town and pick up some edibles . Then : the car ! And now : FreshDirect , which has made us so immobile we actually roll our eyes when we have to get up to let the delivery boy inside . So he can deliver our groceries directly to our kitchens . Still , there are plenty of bothersome tasks that technology has n't yet eliminated . It 's done its best , though , to at least make the odious tasks less so . With that in mind , we give you : three major drags , and the apps that 'll make them ... well ... if not fun , a bit less miserable . The drag : Losing those last 10 pounds ... Or the first 10 pounds , as the case may be  and probably is  . Lucky for you , some new-ish gadgets and tools stoke your competitive streak to get you out of that permanent , butt-shaped indentation you 've left on your Lay-Z-Boy . Witness UP by Jawbone , a bare-bones bracelet  OK fine , insecure men , "  wristband "  that tracks your activity levels and sleep by sensing movement and lets you sign up for organized challenges  e.g. , "  Get 49 hours of sleep per week . "  The FitBit , a little chapstick-sized clip , has almost identical claims , plus it awards you Foursquare-like badges for hitting fitness milestones  15,000 steps in a day ... yahoo!  . Both gizmos are $ 100 and encourage you to compare your totals with other users , though there probably are n't really enough people in the communities yet to compete with anyone you know . If you 're thinking , "  One hundred clams for a fancy-pants pedometer ?! What am I , a sultan ?! " -- you are probably a miser , in which case , have we got the app for you : GymPact asks you to predict how many times you 'll make it to the gym in a week . Check in appropriately , and you 'll earn cash . Fail miserably , and you owe the site money . Hey , it 's only annoying if you remain glued to that recliner , butterball . The drag : Saving up for a trip/surgery/down payment on that Uglydoll Swarovski watch Yes , you could spend your tax return on a wild spree at the mall , spittle collecting in frothy flecks on the corners of your mouth as you breathlessly vault from store to store . But there 's that hissing conscience again , urging you to sock away the funds instead . Look , 9 times out of 10 , not spending is way less fun than spending . But free personal finance site Mint.com makes saving -- if not enjoyable -- at least candy-colored and pleasant-looking . Use the "  goals " function to map your progress in a bar graph and you might even be likelier to hit the target , according to research from the McIntire School of Commerce . When people were more than 60 % to their goal and could see the progress visually , they were more motivated than those who just saw the growing dollar amount . The drag : Going to the dentist The thing you have to bite on to take X-rays will hurt , your gums will bleed when the dental hygienist goes to town with that little metal weapon , and the dentist will absolutely give you a look when you lie through your filmy , yellow teeth about how often you actually floss . These things we can not change . But we can encourage you to at least find a hot dentist -- a little eye candy to deliver that message about how you need to cut back on the sweet stuff . Online directory ZocDoc lets you browse health care practitioners by location and the types of insurance accepted . You can book an appointment online , read reviews , and -- this is critical -- view pictures of the smiling physicians . The service is free for patients ; doctors pay a fee to be listed . Sure , you would n't want to select your heart surgeon based on his winning smile , but there 's really no harm in choosing a gorgeous dental doc to take care of your pearly whites .	Witness UP by Jawbone lets you sign up for organized weight-loss challenges People are more motivated when they can see their goal and progress visually ZocDoc lets you view pictures of physicians and book an appointment online
London  CNN  A French journalist 's ISIS captors cared little about religion , Didier Francois -- who spent over 10 months as the group 's prisoner in Syria -- told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview on Tuesday . "  There was never really discussion about texts or -- it was not a religious discussion . It was a political discussion . " "  It was more hammering what they were believing than teaching us about the Quran . Because it has nothing to do with the Quran . " "  We did n't even have the Quran ; they did n't want even to give us a Quran . " Francois was released in April last year , but has only rarely spoken about his ordeal . He is one of the rare ISIS hostages who was freed . Among those still held by ISIS is an American woman , U.S. President Barack Obama acknowledged this weekend in an interview with NBC News . Francois told Amanpour that he had met her twice . He was reluctant to get into details , lest anything jeopardize her safety . In general , he said , women "  had a bit more freedom of movement , " but being an ISIS hostage is "  frightening enough , " and "  being a woman does n't make it easier . " Francois saw unimaginable horrors while detained . When ISIS held him in an Aleppo hospital , he routinely heard and saw the aftermath of his captors ' torture of local Syrians and Iraqis who fell afoul of their hardline rules . "  We could see some of them in the corridors when we were taken to the toilets , " he said , "  and we could see some people lying in their blood . " "  You could see the chains hanging , or the ropes hanging , or the iron bars . " Francois is matter of fact when describing his own treatment . "  Of course we were beaten up . But it was not every day . I mean , it 's hard enough -- you do n't have to overplay it . " "  It 's hard enough to lose your freedom . It 's hard enough to be in the hands of people who you know are killing hundreds and thousands of local Syrians , Iraqis , Libyans , Tunisians , can put bombs in our countries . " "  It 's terrifying enough . The beating is strong , but it 's not every day . It happens sometimes . " "  If they wanted to wreck you , they could . None of us would have been able to go through if it was beating every day , and torture every day . " Through ISIS 's brutal executions of Western journalists , one anonymous fighter has seared himself into the world 's consciousness -- nicknamed "  Jihadi John " for his distinctly British accent . Francois knew Jihadi John while in captivity ; he was one of the guards . "  You can see on the video -- he 's not somebody you 'd like to have to deal with . " The British jihadis , nicknamed "  The Beatles " by the hostages , were "  harsher in their violence , " he said . They were , he told Amanpour , more extreme -- the food the Brits gave them was better , "  but the beating was harsher . " Jihadists from the former French colonies in North Africa , or the Maghreb , were also comparatively harsh in their treatment of French captives , Francois said . They "  were much more keen to -LSB- put -RSB- the French hostages in the same groups as the Americans and the British , and not negotiate for us , " Francois said . Francois was released just before ISIS made its shocking sweep through Iraq , capturing vast amounts of territory . Indeed , he now says , he does not believe he and his three colleagues would be released were they still in ISIS hands , "  especially with France involved in the coalition and bombing in Iraq . " "  We were lucky . " When he went to Syria , he told Amanpour , a journalist or NGO worker 's capture was not reported , so it was hard to know just how dangerous it was . "  So we did n't know the level of the risk , or we did n't realize the level of the risk at the time . Plus it was the time when the people from ISIS were still hiding within Jabhat al-Nusra and did n't organize their kind of coup within al Qaeda . " Unlike the United States and the United Kingdom , many European countries are believed to pay ransom for hostages held by terrorist groups , including ISIS . France has publicly denied paying a ransom for the journalists ' release . "  It 's never only a question of money , " Francois said , calling speculation in the media about amounts of money that may have been paid "  utterly ridiculous . " Francois was held captive with James Foley , the journalist whose brutal execution fby ISIS -- and the video that followed -- was the first in a sickening line . "  James was an amazing friend , " Francois said . "  He never gave up . He had a fantastic heart . " "  He was always trying to get things for the others . " When guards asked the hostages if they needed anything , they would all reflexively reply no , not wanting to rock the boat . Foley , by contrast , would suggest perhaps they could have some vegetables to vary their diet . "  They did n't like the fact that he was not broken . And that 's the reason why he was getting more beaten . Because he was not broken . He was still fighting , in his way . He was still arguing . " When Foley was so gruesomely murdered , Jihadi John was seen in an ISIS propaganda video putting a knife to the journalist 's neck . The actual beheading was not shown on camera , leading to speculation about whether Jihadi John was actually behind the killing . Francois told Amanpour he believes it was Jihadi John who committed the murder . As a former captive , Francois has incredible perspective on the inner workings of an opaque and new organization . "  The Iraqi and the Syrian people who join ISIS are much more traditional conservative kind of guys from the tribes . " "  And sometimes it 's not easy for them to fit with the jihadis coming from other countries , because they do n't share the same ideas , they do n't share the same behaviors , they do n't have the same codes . And sometimes it 's really tense between them . " Unlike al Qaeda , from which ISIS was cleft , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi "  is always trying to root his organization in the local conflict . " "  He always tries to push the Sunni tribes , the Bedouins , to fight against the Shiite , or the Yazidi , or the Christians . And they trying to play communities one against the others . That 's how he survives . That 's how he recruits . " "  He is using , of course , those young guys coming from Europe or coming from all over the place . But it 's only one part of his organization . The strongest parts of his organization are the tribes , the local Sunni tribes . " Survival , he said , was a matter of trying to exist "  in between those . "	Didier Francois says his ISIS captors "  did n't want even to give us a Quran " He was held captive by ISIS for 10 months in Syria The British jihadis were "  harsher in their violence " James Foley "  never gave up ; he had a fantastic heart "
Cairo  CNN  -- As questions continued to swirl about the fate of three American college students arrested in Egypt for their role in ongoing protests there , a U.S. official said that diplomats were also in contact with Egyptian authorities about an award-winning filmmaker behind bars . The three college students -- Derrik Sweeney , Gregory Porter and Luke Gates -- were ordered to be released Thursday , said Adel Saeed , the spokesman of the general prosecutor . But late in the day , they remained in custody . There was less clarity , meanwhile , about documentarian Jehane Noujaim . Film producer Karim Amer said Wednesday that the Egyptian-American woman -- whose works include "  The Control Room , " about Al-Jazeera and the United States during the early days of the Iraq War -- was arrested while filming close to the Interior Ministry building in Cairo . On Thursday , David Lynfield -- a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Cairo -- said that U.S. diplomats are aware of "  her place in detention " and have been "  in touch with the Egyptian authorities regarding " her case . Meanwhile , family and friends of the three detained U.S. college students continued to ride an emotional roller coaster , days after Egyptian authorities arrested them on suspicion of throwing Molotov cocktails during a protest in Cairo . All had been attending American University in Cairo on a semester-long , study-abroad program . The prosecutor 's office told CNN earlier Thursday that the trio had already been released . But late in the day , a friend of the students said they could remain in custody for a few more days . Drew Harper , a 22-year-old film student from New York who has been in Cairo for three months , said the students said they were in good spirits and cited a bureaucratic slowdown for their continuing detention . The erroneous news that they had already been freed was initially embraced by Joy Sweeney , whose son Derrik is among the three . "  We are just so blessed and so grateful right now , " she told CNN . "  I ca n't wait to give him a big hug . " The students were to be taken to a physician for a medical examination , then back to the police station for paperwork to be processed , and finally to their dorm rooms , she said . The Egyptian attorney general would not appeal the trio 's release , she added . The family is keen for Derrik to return home as soon as possible , for his own safety , Joy Sweeney added . Roberto Powers , the U.S. consul general in Egypt , advised that as the three students ' pictures had been plastered all over the media , "  it would n't be safe or prudent for them to remain in the country , " the mother said . She said her son told her Wednesday in a telephone call that "  they had done nothing wrong . " Sweeney , 19 , is a Georgetown University student from Jefferson City , Missouri ; Porter , 19 , from Glenside , Pennsylvania , attends Drexel University in Philadelphia ; and Gates , 21 , of Bloomington , Indiana , goes to Indiana University . Their arrests came amid persistent protests against Egypt 's ruling military council in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Security forces have clashed with the demonstrators repeatedly in recent days , though a relative calm fell over the square on Thursday . The same day , Egypt 's military leaders apologized for the 38 deaths nationwide and vowed to prosecute offenders and pay the medical bills of those injured . Some 3,250 had been hurt by Thursday , said Hisham Shiha of Egypt 's Health Ministry . Harper told CNN some media reports had inaccurately portrayed the detained students as irresponsible . Harper described the three as intelligent , well-informed and nonviolent . "  I do n't believe for one second that those Molotov cocktails belonged to the boys , " he said . He accused the Egyptian military of wanting to "  pin the recent violence on foreigners " and said they had wrongly accused the three Americans . Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman , said Wednesday that a bag filled with empty bottles , a bottle of gasoline , a towel and a camera had been found with the three American students . "  They denied the bag belonged to them and said it belonged to two of their friends , " Saeed said . Journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee in Cairo and CNN 's Devon Sayers in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Prosecutors gave to police a "  release order " for 3 detained students , a spokesman says U.S. diplomats are talking with Egypt authorities about the filmmaker , a spokesman says The students are not irresponsible , drunken college students , a friend insists The three college students were accused of throwing Molotov cocktails during a protest
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- The dragon is the Chinese counterpart of the phoenix rising from the ashes of destruction . And as we bring in the Year of the Dragon Monday , the most important of the years in the Chinese Zodiac , let 's consider a great opportunity -- and an awe-inspiring responsibility -- to create an ethical world together . The challenge we must face : Every day , throughout the world , mothers , fathers , sons and daughters are arbitrarily detained , tortured and denied access to counsel and basic due process rights -- causing untold human suffering , perpetuating patterns of violence and impunity , and sapping vast economic potential . We may think of torture as a last-resort instrument of authoritarian regimes or rogue groups to extract information from political prisoners , but torture is a much more common occurrence than that . More than 100 countries -- including some we describe as democratic -- practice some sort of torture , often on a massive scale , and most of the tortured are not even political prisoners . Torture is actually used most of the time just because it is the cheapest form of investigation , less expensive than building a proper legal system . TED.com : What 's the right thing to do ? In the midst of this crisis exists an urgent opportunity . Of the 113 developing countries that , according to our database , practice torture , 93 have taken a strong first step in favor of human rights by signing international conventions and adopting domestic laws that safeguard the rights of ordinary citizens . Unfortunately , many of these laws remain unenforced due to a lack of trained lawyers , a lack of awareness of what respect for human rights really means , and a lack of resources to turn the situation around . These critical gaps allow entirely preventable human rights violations to occur over and over again , despite a legal framework being in place and governments being willing to accept international support . I first came to this realization in 1994 when I walked into a prison in Cambodia and met a 12-year - old boy who was tortured and denied counsel -- for stealing a bicycle . Over time , I came to realize that the vast majority of torture cases actually happen to everyday citizens throughout the world and not to political prisoners . And yet the global community spends the majority of its efforts on political prisoners and on punitive measures as opposed to preventive measures that create positive change . Suddenly , when I looked into that Cambodian boy 's eyes , it became clear : Precisely because he was not a political prisoner , the Cambodian government had no interest in the boy , for better or worse . This was the way the police did their work . They did n't need to build a case based on evidence ; they roughed up the suspects to get a confession . Thus , we recognized the opportunity to help him , and the many thousands like him throughout the world . This is the mission of International Bridges to Justice  IBJ  , which was born 12 years ago , in the last Year of the Dragon . TED.com : The global power shift In those years , defenders from throughout the world have joined our cause , seeking justice for the poorest of the poor , training local officials , and literally defending life and human dignity . From China to Zimbabwe , from India to Burundi , we see the seeds of justice starting to grow . Our starting point is not instances of torture and broken legal systems . We focus instead on the attainment of functioning courthouses , competent police officers , trained legal defenders , resulting in ordinary citizens everywhere encountering justice rather than brutality . Our challenge is to breathe life into existing legal frameworks , to stop investigative torture before it occurs , and to create a culture where the rule of law and respect for due process and human rights is the norm . Yes , this sounds incredible . Many would say it is simply not possible . Yet in in the country where I first encountered the 12-year-old tortured boy , IBJ today now represents indigent defendants in 13 out of Cambodia 's 24 provinces . In those provinces where IBJ has its legal aid centers , investigative torture today is virtually eliminated , a dramatic turnaround from a culture of abuse and impunity in a few short years ' time . Cambodia 's government has asked IBJ to work on helping to build a legal aid system . We trained the police , we empowered the defense lawyers , we raised the population 's awareness -- and where we work , torture is now the exception and not the rule . Imagine a 36-year-old Sri Lankan woman , held in pretrial detention for nine years . Only after an IBJ lawyer intervened did she regain her freedom and see her children again . And this story is one of the least unpleasant ones . At least she had not been severely tortured , raped or abused . Despite overwhelming challenges , courageous defenders are having the prophetic imagination to see a world without abuse and torture and are fashioning this hope into reality . They are enabling their countries to rise from the ashes of destruction by rebuilding stable societies through the safeguards of their legal system . For the latter half of the 20th century , as human rights became an important factor in international relations , activists played an excellent role in raising awareness of problems . But we 've reached a point where there is only so much that this can accomplish . If we learn about abuses and only prosecute abuse after the fact , what good does that do ? Instead of optimizing the approach by doing the same thing only a bit more effectively , we need to innovate -- that is , we need to do something new entirely . We ca n't play the game by the rule of the tormentors , whereby they torture and we decry . We wo n't always lose , but we 'll never win . We need to act before the torture happens in the first place . A shift is taking place toward upholding human rights through legal rights -- using the infrastructure of the public justice system to ensure that basic protections are upheld . The payoff is preventing abuse , rather than exposing mistreatment and prosecuting after the fact . Just having a lawyer supervise the process of a suspect 's detainment puts police and prosecutors on notice that they are being watched not just by a defender , but by society at large . There was a time when it was impossible to imagine a world without polio . There was a time when it was impossible to imagine the abolition of apartheid . But that did not stop those who believed in a better world , and I believe we can stop the use of investigative torture in the 21st century . The time is now . We are the Dragon . We are the Game . Let us rise up from the ashes of destruction and create our ethical future together . Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Karen Tse .	Karen Tse : In too many countries , torture is simply a cheap investigative tool She says the way to stop such torture is to develop functioning legal and court systems Tse : Use the most important year in the Chinese zodiac to end the use of torture
CNN  -- More than 60 years after reneging on a promise to the hundreds of thousands of Filipinos who fought for the United States during World War II , the U.S. government will soon be sending out checks -- to the few who are still alive . Veteran Franco Arcebal says , "  we are loyal to the United States , except that the United States has forgotten us . " "  For a poor man like me , $ 15,000 is a lot of money , " said 91-year-old Celestino Almeda . Still , he said , "  After what we have suffered , what we have contributed for the sake of democracy , it 's peanuts . It 's a drop in the bucket . " During the war , the Philippines was a U.S. commonwealth . The U.S. military promised full veterans benefits to Filipinos who volunteered to fight . More than 250,000 joined . Then , in 1946 , President Truman signed the Rescission Act , taking that promise away . Today , only about about 15,000 of those troops are still alive , according to the American Coalition for Filipino Veterans . A provision tucked inside the stimulus bill that President Obama signed calls for releasing $ 198 million that was appropriated last year for those veterans . Those who have become U.S. citizens get $ 15,000 each ; non-citizens get $ 9,000 . "  I 'm very thankful , " said Patrick Ganio , 88 , the coalition 's president . "  We Filipinos are a grateful people . " Ganio was among the tens of thousands of Filipinos at the infamous battle of Bataan , a peninsula on Manila Bay opposite the Philippine capital . He was captured and beaten by Japanese troops before ultimately being freed , suffering from malaria and then resuming his service to the U.S. military . "  The record of the Philippine soldiers for bravery and loyalty is second to none , " Truman wrote to the leaders of the House and Senate in 1946 . "  Their assignment was as bloody and difficult as any in which our American soldiers engaged . Under desperate circumstances they acquitted themselves nobly . " Though Truman said the Rescission Act resulted in "  discrimination , " he signed it . "  There can be no question but that the Philippine veteran is entitled to benefits bearing a reasonable relation to those received by the America veteran , with whom he fought side by side , " he said . "  From a practical point of view , however , it must be acknowledged that certain benefits granted by the GI bill of rights can not be applied in the case of the Philippine veteran . " Some historians say financial concerns were paramount : The cost of funding full veterans benefits to all those Filipinos , particularly in the wake of the costly war , would have been a heavy burden . The National Alliance for Filipino Veterans Equity offers a different explanation . "  In 1946 , discrimination against people of color was the rule of law , " the group says in a document it submitted to the Obama-Biden transition team in November . "  The second-class treatment of Filipino World War II veterans is another example from this historical period . " For decades , Filipino activists and their supporters have fought for the full benefits . They 've petitioned and picketed . Almeda , a widower who now lives in Virginia with his daughter , once chained himself to the fence outside the White House . "  I was fined $ 50 for civil disobedience and was arrested , " he says now , chuckling . He says he was just looking for answers . Despite encouraging words from U.S. presidents , including George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , the benefits were never restored . "  Only 70,000 Philippine veterans remain alive , and they hope to stay alive long enough to see those benefits reinstated , " CNN reported in 1997 . "  There 's a bill , stuck in committee in Congress , that would do just that . " That effort , just like so many before , fell apart . "  We were loyal to the United States . Even up to now , we are loyal to the United States , except that the United States has forgotten us in many ways , " said Franco Arcebal , another leader of the American Coalition for Filipino Veterans . "  It 's only now , because of the insistence of Sen. -LSB- Daniel -RSB- Inouye in the Senate , he was able to act on this . " Inouye , D-Hawaii , inserted the language in the stimulus bill , calling it "  a matter of honor . " The honor comes too late for the many Filipino veterans who passed away waiting for this moment . Families of deceased veterans are not eligible to receive the money . For those who are alive , the checks could make a real difference . "  Practically all of us are below the poverty line now at this age . We have no way of earning a living , " Arcebal said . But , he emphasized , "  it does not correct the injustice and discrimination done to us 60 years ago . ... We were not granted school benefits . We were not granted hospital benefits . ... And in the 60 years , several billion dollars were saved by the U.S. government for not paying 250,000 of us . "  Now we are only 15,000 . And the amount that they 're giving us is a small amount . But we appreciate that . Because it will finally recognize our services ... as active service in the armed forces of the United States . " CNN 's Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	Filipinos were promised full military benefits to enlist President Truman later signed act reneging on promise Only about 15,000 of the troops are still alive U.S. citizens will get $ 15,000 ; non-citizens will get $ 9,000
New York  CNN  -- A New York police officer getting her hair done over the weekend thwarted a would-be robber in a beauty salon , shooting the weapon from the gunman 's hands , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said in awarding the officer a promotion . Kelly praised the actions of newly promoted Det. Feris Jones Tuesday , saying she "  showed the steely courage and professionalism that epitomizes the finest traditions of the New York City Police Department . " "  Well done and congratulations , " the commissioner said as he pinned a gold detective shield to Jones ' uniform . Mayor Michael Bloomberg also expressed his gratitude at the news conference . "  This officer , like the other officers that are out there every day , really do take care of us , " he said . Kelly said Jones was a customer in a salon Saturday when a man walked in with a gun . " ` This is no joke , this is a robbery . I will kill you , " ' Kelly quoted the gunman as saying . After the man ordered the customers and employees into the bathroom , Jones reemerged with her weapon drawn , identified herself as a police officer , and told the man not to move , Kelly said . The suspect fired four shots at Jones , narrowly missing her head with one , the commissioner recounted . She fired five shots back -- emptying her service revolver and marking the first time she 'd ever fired her weapon in the line of duty -- and hit both of the man 's hands , causing him to drop his 44-caliber gun . Her shots also knocked the handle off the door of the salon , briefly trapping the man as he tried to escape , Kelly said . He eventually broke the window in the door and fled on foot . "  She knew the gunman might shoot , and when he did , she was ready for him , demonstrating stunning marksmanship in the process , " the commissioner said . "  To describe Officer Jones as cool under fire would be a gross understatement , " he added . "  That 's my personality . I do n't fuss about much , " Jones responded modestly , asking reporters to address her as "  Jonesy " instead of Detective Jones . The new detective said she got her start in the department when her then-husband brought home an application for the force because he "  liked the coverage and medical benefits . " The accused gunman was arrested Monday , police said . Winston Cox , 19 , is charged with attempted murder , attempted aggravated robbery , and criminal possession of a weapon .	An off-duty cop getting her hair done stopped an attempted robbery Kelly says Jones showed "  steely courage " The officer had never fired her weapon in the line of duty in 20 years of service
CNN  -- U.S. officials say that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a fairly new arm of the umbrella terrorist organization , is behind an apparent plot to send explosive devices to U.S. destinations via cargo planes . "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is an organization of several hundred individuals that are dispersed throughout the country , " presidential counterterrorism advisor John Brennan told reporters Friday . "  They are murderers and they are determined to carry out attacks on innocent lives , whether they be Yemeni , Americans , Westerners or others . ... "  If anything , this just demonstrates to us and , I think to the Yemenis as well , that we need to redouble our efforts so that we 're able to destroy al Qaeda , and we will . " Brennan pointed to the botched attempt last Christmas to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet en route from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . U.S. and Yemeni officials have linked the attempt by man who tried to ignite explosives in his underwear to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Formed in 2009 , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is a regional terrorist group known for targeting government and Western interests in Yemen and Saudi Arabia . Yemeni forces , with support from their U.S. allies , have stepped up military and political pressure on the group in recent weeks , despite continued threats from its leader . A key figure in the group is Yemeni-American militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , whom U.S. authorities have linked to Fort Hood shooting suspect Maj. Nidal Hasan as well as the man accused in the Christmas Day bomb attempt . Brennan would not specifically name al-Awlaki as a suspect . "  Anybody who 's associated with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is a subject of concern , " he said . "  Clearly what we are doing is looking at all individuals that we think might be involved in this , " Brennan said . "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been rather open in its venom towards the United States , towards Western interests . There are a number of individuals there that we 're concerned about , so we 're looking at all possibilities . " A senior U.S. defense official called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula a "  sophisticated " organization . Combating the terror group has been a major focus for U.S. counterterrorism authorities , with Friday 's incident underscoring the need for U.S. cooperation with Yemen , Obama said Friday . "  We ... know that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula continues to plan attacks against our homeland , our citizens , and our friends and allies , " said Obama . "  Going forward , we will continue to strengthen our cooperation with the Yemeni government ... to destroy this al Qaeda affiliate . " Brennan said he talked Friday with Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh about the threat posed by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and how to address it , receiving assurances from the Yemeni leader that they 'd cooperate on the investigation . These high-level talks are the latest in a series of collaborative efforts between U.S. and Yemeni officials and forces . Earlier this year , the United States approved $ 150 million to train and equip Yemeni forces so they could fight al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Up to 50 U.S. special operations troops are now in the Middle Eastern country training Yemen 's military personnel . In addition , Yemeni and U.S. authorities have been sharing surveillance and other intelligence information culled from inside Yemen , a senior U.S. defense official said . But Yemen announced Friday via its official news agency , Saba , that the army had ended its latest campaign against AQAP without finding any elements of the terror group . "  We found traces in the area of Khawaw indicating that al Qaeda elements were in this region three days ago , " said Mahdi Abdul-Salam , a commander of the military campaign , adding that the extremist organization is no longer in the al-Kur mountain range in Yemen 's southeast . Many of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's members previously belonged to al Qaeda in Yemen . The National Counterterrorism Center says that group carried out suicide attacks on a Yemeni oil facility in 2006 and mortar attacks two years later on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , Yemeni military complexes , the Italian Embassy and the Yemeni presidential compound . Later in 2008 , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula detonated two car bombs outside the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , killing 19 people , including six of its own members , according to the National Counterterrorism Center . Since forming under its new name , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been tied to a pair of suicide bombings that targeted South Korean tourists . On Monday , 15 suspected members of the group surrendered in Yemen 's southern Abyan province , according to provincial Gov. Ahmed al-Maisari . The surrenders followed meetings with the governor and tribal sheikhs in the towns of Loudar and Moudeya . Earlier in the month , Qassim al-Rimi  also known as Abu Hurira al-Sanaei  , the military commander of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , posted an audio recording on radical militant websites . The speaker promised that Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , would be punished "  for his crimes " and announced that a new army would rid the country of "  crusaders and apostates . " CNN could not verify the authenticity of the recording .	NEW : Yemeni authorities call off operations to search for AQAP in mountains A senior U.S. official says al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula "  has been open in its venom " President Obama says U.S. is working with Yemen to combat this al Qaeda affiliate The group is known for targeting Western interests in Yemen , Saudi Arabia and beyond
New light has been shed on one of the most famous serial killer cases in history . A lab test confirms DNA evidence taken from the body of a murder victim matches Albert DeSalvo , who at one point confessed to being the Boston Strangler , Massachusetts authorities said Friday . The evidence was taken after Mary Sullivan , 19 , was sexually assaulted and strangled to death on January 4 , 1964 , in her Charles Street apartment in Boston . DeSalvo had confessed to that crime and about a dozen other murders police attributed to the Boston Strangler . However , he recanted his admissions and was never convicted of any of them before his death . Although many continued to believe DeSalvo was the Boston Strangler despite his retraction , others expressed doubts . Now , however , there is an "  unprecedented level of certainty " that DeSalvo raped and killed Sullivan , Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley said in a news release Friday . Officials announced the results after notifying Sullivan 's family of the findings , the release said . See more : City of fear , photos from the Boston Strangler era "  Questions that Mary 's family asked for almost 50 years have finally been answered . They , and the families of all homicide victims , should know that we will never stop working to find justice , accountability , and closure on their behalf , " Conley said . Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis credited "  a relentless cold case squad " who "  refused to give up , waiting until science met good police work to solve this case . " DeSalvo was stabbed to death in 1973 while serving a life prison term for unrelated rapes . Solving a murder with DNA Conley said earlier this month that scientists had tried several times in the late 1990s and early 2000s to isolate DNA evidence from semen found in Sullivan 's body and on a blanket . They resumed their efforts last year , after scientific advances had led to a laboratory successfully salvaging DNA from decades-old material . Boston Police Crime Laboratory technicians were able to extract DNA profiles from both sets of samples , and those DNA profiles matched one another , the news release says . The DNA profile was uploaded to the FBI 's Combined DNA Index System . Known as CODIS , it stores the DNA profiles of millions of known offenders , the release says . But there was no match . That ruled out at least one man who earlier been an unofficial suspect in Sullivan 's slaying , it says . Investigators then went on a search for any other evidence that might contain DeSalvo 's DNA . But each place that might have had suitable samples -- like the Department of Correction , the Massachusetts State Police and others -- did not . Knowing Y chromosomes are passed down "  almost unchanged " from father to son , Boston Police retrieved a water bottle that one of DeSalvo 's nephews drank from and threw away . Police revealed this action earlier in July . Although the DNA recovered from the bottle was a "  familial match " with the genetic material preserved from Sullivan 's murder , Conley said at that time that it was n't enough to close the case with certainty . It did , however , lead to a judge approving DeSalvo 's exhumation so a DNA sample could be taken directly from him . On July 12 , DeSalvo 's grave was excavated and his remains were transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . Comparisons were made , officials said , and the match was confirmed .	Officials : Anthony DeSalvo 's DNA matches evidence from a Boston Strangler killing The victim was 19 when she was raped and murdered in her apartment in 1964 DeSalvo had confessed , then recanted ; he died in 1973 His body was exhumed this month so a DNA sample could be extracted
CNN  -- France have won the Six Nations rugby title for the first time since 2007 following defending champions Ireland 's shock home defeat to Scotland on Saturday . The Irish needed to win by a big margin and then see Les Bleus handsomely defeated by England in the evening match to have a chance of retaining their crown . However , Scotland spoiled any hopes of a tense finale by snatching a 23-20 victory in the last rugby union match to be held at Dublin 's Croke Park as Dan Parks kicked a last-minute penalty for a personal haul of 18 points . France then defeated Martin Johnson 's much-criticized England team 12-10 in Paris to end the tournament with five wins from five , clinching their first such Grand Slam since 2004 . England led with a sixth-minute try from Ben Foden , but France built a 12-7 halftime advantage thanks to three penalties from Morgan Parra and a drop-goal by Francois Trinh-Duc . Jonny Wilkinson , dropped to the bench for only the third time in his 12-year career but brought on as a replacement for center Riki Flutey , kicked the only points of the second half . Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll scored an 11th minute try to give his side a perfect start , but Scotland moved into a 17-7 lead thanks to a try from No. 8 James Beattie and three penalties and a drop-goal from Parks . Tommy Bowe crossed for a controversial try to put Ireland level , awarded with 16 minutes to play despite appearing not to properly ground the ball , but Parks held his nerve to give the visitors their first win of the tournament . Scotland 's victory , coming after last weekend 's 15-15 draw with England , condemned Italy to bottom place . Wales finished fourth for the second year in a row after beating the Italians 33-10 in Cardiff earlier on Saturday , with center James Hook scoring two tries .	France win the Six Nations rugby title for the first time since 2007 Ireland had to beat Scotland to have a chance of retaining title but lost to Scotland France then beat England 12-10 in final game of tournament to clinch Grand Slam of wins Wales finish fourth for second year in a row after beating bottom side Italy 33-10
GREENVILLE , Ohio  CNN  -- The parishioners heard the sirens during Sunday morning services in Greenville , Ohio . A few blocks from St. Paul 's Lutheran Church , a home was burning and five people were dead . Police tape wards off the curious from the duplex where a woman and four children died in a fire September 16 . Shock followed sadness with news that a 10-year-old boy was being charged with arson and murder , more heartbreak for a town in tough times -- but heartbreak that shook people into action . The St. Paul 's parishioners reacted quickly that morning , said Shirley DiRocco , a volunteer at the church . Just passing the collection plate once around the church , she said , "  We came up with $ 300 . " The money went to buy clothes for the fire 's survivors and food for the emergency crew who responded , she said . Helping out is nothing new for the church -- but a boy being accused of killing his mother , half-sister and three other children in a fire has been unheard of till now . There 's a lot of introspection going on in Greenville , a small town of 13,000 where the good-paying jobs are getting scarce and the problems of big-city poverty are creeping in . Residents are divided on whether the boy is responsible , but they say his plight compels them to look at themselves and face their deepening problems . "  He 's a young kid . There 's something got to be wrong for him to come up with that , " said Angie Hughes , manager of a downtown Greenville hair salon . "  It has brought to the surface the fact that in this area ... we do have a lot of folks who are the have-nots in the world ... the vast numbers of people in our community who are really deep in poverty , " said Peter B. Menke , pastor of St. Paul 's . Watch Menke talk about how the tragedy has galvanized Greenville " St. Paul 's sees firsthand the poverty that led to the boy having to sleep on the sofa , because he had no bed in the half of the duplex he shared with nine other people . Christy Winans managed to escape the fire with her boyfriend , but her three children -- Kayla Winans , 6 ; Je'Shawn Davis , 5 ; and Jasmine Davis , 3 -- died along with their playmate Kaysha Palmer , 8 , who was the boy 's half-sister . The boy 's mother , Chanan Palmer , was also killed . On Monday , as the 10-year-old appeared in court on murder charges , St. Paul 's expanded its lunchtime soup kitchen service to run two days a week . Twenty-two people turned up for the meal that first day . The church had fed 70 people , including parents and children , one day this summer . Menke said the tragedy of September 16 "  has galvanized ... particularly the religious community to action . We not just saying ` Yes , we have a problem , ' but we are looking at ways to genuinely address those issues and do something about it . " Federal statistics show unemployment is hurting Greenville and surrounding Darke County . Employment in private businesses fell by 7 percent from 2000 to 2005 . Manufacturing companies left town and big employers downsized , like Fram oil filter maker , or closed down completely , like Corning 's fiber-optics plant . Alicia Sommer , who 's lived in Greenville for 37 years and taught in the local schools , says job losses have changed the town . "  On the surface it looks like the ideal hometown , " she said . "  Everyone wants to raise their kids here , but they ca n't afford it . They have to go where the jobs are , " she says , leaning on the counter of the downtown coffee shop where she works part time . Walking through the five blocks of downtown Greenville , you see why it looks ideal . Mom-and-pop coffee shops stand in for Starbucks , locals chat on a bench outside a music store , a small cinema offers "  Mr. Bean 's Holiday " and an Asian monster flick about battling dragons . But St. Paul 's offers the soup kitchen only a block off the Broadway main drag , and the tumbledown housing on Montgomery Street , including the burned duplex , is just a two-minute walk away . Fixing Greenville may be a slow process , and it 's unclear if the continuing case against the 10-year-old will slow it further or provide impetus to the effort . The boy is staying with his maternal grandmother , Tammy Reed , whose daughter died in the fire . The child lost his stepfather to AIDS in July . "  He 's doing really good , " Reed said of the boy Tuesday morning . No matter how the case turns out , the boy will bear scars forever , his attorney , David Rohrer , said last week . The boy will always know he was charged with killing his mother . "  He 'll never be able to escape that , " Rohrer said . In downtown Greenville , salons offered $ 5 haircuts Tuesday to raise money for the fire victims . The community wanted to help in any way it could , salon manager Hughes said . Whether that community can also bring Greenville out of its slump may depend on people like Sondra Jackson . Jackson , a letter carrier , walked her new route Monday down Montgomery Street . It was only her second day of work , she said , and she had no idea of the tragedy that unfolded in the burned duplex two weeks before . Jackson said she had just moved to Greenville from Palm Springs , California , where she was born and raised . "  The school system is better in this area , and it 's just a better place to raise kids , " she said . E-mail to a friend	Fire killed five people , a 10-year-old boy faces murder and arson charges Greenville , Ohio , facing realities of poverty as jobs leave Residents divided whether boy did it ; but united in desire to help town
CNN  -- This week , we pulled the cotton from our ears and emerged from our dark caves of seclusion to open this here column up to user-submitted questions . Some submissions were inanely obvious  no , do n't tweet that picture of your boss , I do n't care if he told you about his chinchilla fetish at happy hour the other week  , some were boring beyond belief , and , many , oddly , were just plain stalkerish . But not in the way you might think . In the past , we 've covered the topic of how to deal with online stalkers when the attention is unwanted . But more and more , as gaining access to anyone on this rapidly rotting Earth of ours is easier than ever , we Web denizens are wondering : Does using the Internet to check someone out make me a stalker ? Chances are , probably not . Read on for a couple of queries on this issue : "  When I was waiting for the bus the other day , I evaluated the attractiveness of all the people at the stop ; there was one obvious winner . Then the seat next to him was the only seat open . Upon sitting down , he immediately engaged me in very adorable and flirty conversation . We exchanged names and we both talked about what we were studying at school , but I did n't have an opportunity to give him my number . "  Anyway , with his name and major , I was able to find him after only 30 seconds of Googling . I want to contact him but I 'm not sure how . Especially because it would be like , ` Hey , I stalked you a tiny bit to find your full name . ' My question is : What 's the appropriate  read as LEAST CREEPY  way to contact this person and what should I say in a message ? " - Creepy Crushing in Chicago I 'm going ahead and assume  for the sake of brevity  that you are not an insane stalkery-type person who collects the hair and toenails of her crushes , which she then uses to construct elaborate shrines to their beautiful  soon-to-be-departed  souls . If you are such a person , please cease reading , and , uh , please do n't hurt me . Moving on : It seems like in your case , you do n't have that many degrees of separation between you and your bus boy . You attend the same school , take public transportation  i.e. you 're poor  and are not , in fact , Luddites . In this case , I say : Be bold . You found him on Google , you say ? If you found his Facebook profile  and not some old swim-meet records from middle school  , go ahead and send him a brief message  "  Hope your meeting on the downtown campus went off without a hitch ! "  and a friend request . Such a method is nice and private -- tweeting "  Hey ! You 're freaking hot " might be a little embarrassing -- and if he does n't respond , you can always chalk it up to the fact that Facebook is cutting down on notification e-mails . Our lives are public nowadays , and if homeboy did n't want to be found , well , then he could always limit his visibility on the site . If his profile is indeed hidden but you tracked down his e-mail address , follow a similar tack . Unless , that is , his e-mail address was hidden on page 38 of Google results at the end of an article he wrote freshman year about the campus parade-and-circus club . In that case , give up . Furthermore , it 's not like the phenomenon of searching out star-crossed potential lovers is anything new  that 's what Missed Connections et al are for  , so we 're guessing your dude will be flattered at the very least that you sought him out . And hey , maybe now you can meet up and compare hair-and-toenail shrines . < 3 "  Through some Facebook stalking , I recently discovered my ex had gotten married .  We 're no longer FB friends  . Although that was a shock for sure , the real heartbreaker was that all my friends  who are still FB friends with her  did n't disclose any of this information to me . ... Not even the engagement ! How do I tell them they 're backstabbers without admitting I 'm a stalker ? " - Backstabbed in BK First of all , Backstabbed , it does n't really seem like you have been , in fact , backstabbed . You 're not Facebook friends with your ex anymore , you say ? If you refer to our column on how to deal with breakups online , we recommend unfriending exes after particularly painful breakups , which is exactly what you have done  congrats on your reading-comprehension skills  . The fact that you unfriended this girl indicates you do n't want her in your life -- and do n't want your life in hers -- so we can see why your friends did n't call you immediately after she decided to tie the knot . Still , we get that this is information you would rather get from a friendly face than from a half-sloshed night of Facebook stalking , sandwiched between , "  Oh , Laurie has a new baby . ... It 's hideous ! " and "  Joel went to prison again . " If you want to call up your pals and -- rationally -- explain that you would rather they not hide your ex 's huge life moments from your sensitive  yet manly  gaze , go ahead and do it . Just explain that you were idly clicking through Facebook after a few too many mojitos and decided to check up on a few of your exes . Your friends will understand , because they are likely stalking their exes as we speak . Stalking exes on Facebook is basically akin to a distasteful bodily function : We all do it , but no one goes around bragging about it in mixed company .	Our Netiquette columnists answer users ' questions about stalking on the Web Is it OK to admit to your mutual friends that you searched for your ex on Facebook ? How do you approach the cutie you met in person once you find him/her on the Web ?
IP-455 Press Release 8 February 2008 The findings of a Scotland Yard inquiry into how Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto died after being attacked during a political rally in Rawalpindi were presented to the Government of Pakistan today . The bomb explodes near Bhutto 's vehicle following a political rally in Rawalpindi . The conclusions of the inquiry were outlined in a detailed report handed over to interim Interior Minister Hamid Nawaz by Detective Superintendent John MacBrayne , accompanied by a senior official from the British High Commission , during a meeting in Islamabad . The text of the executive summary of the report is as follows : On the 27th December 2007 , Mohtarma Benazir BHUTTO , the leader of the Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  , died as a result of being attacked in Rawalpindi , Pakistan . Following discussions between the Prime Minister and President Musharraf , it was agreed that officers from the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command  SO15  should support the investigation into Ms Bhutto 's death . The primary focus of the Scotland Yard team was to assist the Pakistani authorities in establishing the cause and circumstances of Ms Bhutto 's death . The wider investigation to establish culpability has remained entirely a matter for the Pakistani authorities . The SO15 team was led by a Detective Superintendent Senior Investigating Officer , and comprised two forensic experts , an expert in analysing and assessing video media and an experienced investigating officer . The team arrived in Pakistan on 4th January 2008 and spent two and a half weeks conducting extensive enquiries . During the course of their work , the team were joined by other specialists from the United Kingdom . The UK team were given extensive support and co-operation by the Pakistani authorities , Ms Bhutto 's family , and senior officials from Ms Bhutto 's party . The task of establishing exactly what happened was complicated by the lack of an extended and detailed search of the crime scene , the absence of an autopsy , and the absence of recognised body recovery and victim identification processes . Nevertheless , the evidence that is available is sufficient for reliable conclusions to be drawn . Within the overall objective , a particular focus has been placed on establishing the actual cause of death , and whether there were one or more attackers in the immediate vicinity of Ms Bhutto . The cause of death Considerable reliance has been placed upon the X-rays taken at Rawalpindi General Hospital following Ms Bhutto 's death . Given their importance , the x-rays have been independently verified as being of Ms Bhutto by comparison with her dental x-rays . Additionally , a valuable insight was gained from the accounts given by the medical staff involved in her treatment , and from those members of Ms Bhutto 's family who washed her body before burial . Ms Bhutto 's only apparent injury was a major trauma to the right side of the head . The UK experts all exclude this injury being an entry or exit wound as a result of gunshot . The only X-ray records , taken after her death , were of Ms Bhutto 's head . However , the possibility of a bullet wound to her mid or lower trunk can reasonably be excluded . This is based upon the protection afforded by the armoured vehicle in which she was travelling at the time of the attack , and the accounts of her family and hospital staff who examined her . The limited X-ray material , the absence of a full post mortem examination and CT scan , have meant that the UK Home Office pathologist , Dr Nathaniel Cary , who has been consulted in this case , is unable categorically to exclude the possibility of there being a gunshot wound to the upper trunk or neck . However when his findings are put alongside the accounts of those who had close contact with Ms Bhutto 's body , the available evidence suggests that there was no gunshot injury . Importantly , Dr Cary excludes the possibility of a bullet to the neck or upper trunk as being a relevant factor in the actual cause of death , when set against the nature and extent of her head injury . In his report Dr Cary states : • "  the only tenable cause for the rapidly fatal head injury in this case is that it occurred as the result of impact due to the effects of the bomb-blast . " • "  in my opinion Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto died as a result of a severe head injury sustained as a consequence of the bomb-blast and due to head impact somewhere in the escape hatch of the vehicle . " Given the severity of the injury to Ms Bhutto 's head , the prospect that she inadvertently hit her head whilst ducking down into the vehicle can be excluded as a reasonable possibility . High explosives of the type typically used in this sort of device , detonate at a velocity between 6000 and 9000 metres per second . This means that when considering the explosive quantities and distances involved , such an explosion would generate significantly more force than would be necessary to provoke the consequences as occurred in this case . It is also important to comment upon the construction of the vehicle . It was fitted with B6 grade armour and designed to withstand gunfire and bomb-blast . It is an unfortunate and misleading aspect of this case that the roof escape hatch has frequently been referred to as a sunroof . It is not . It is designed and intended to be used solely as a means of escape . It has a solid lip with a depth of 9cm . Ms Bhutto 's injury is entirely consistent with her head impacting upon the lip of the escape hatch . Detailed analysis of the media footage provides supporting evidence . Ms Bhutto 's head did not completely disappear from view until 0.6 seconds before the blast . She can be seen moving forward and to the right as she ducked down into the vehicle . Whilst her exact head position at the time of the detonation can never be ascertained , the overwhelming conclusion must be that she did not succeed in getting her head entirely below the lip of the escape hatch when the explosion occurred . How many people were involved in the immediate attack ? There has been speculation that two individuals were directly involved in the attack . The suggestion has been that one suspect fired shots , and a second detonated the bomb . All the available evidence points toward the person who fired shots and the person who detonated the explosives being one and the same person . • Body parts from only one individual remain unidentified . Expert opinion provides strong evidence that they originate from the suicide bomber . • Analysis of the media footage places the gunman at the rear of the vehicle and looking down immediately before the explosion . The footage does not show the presence of any other potential bomber . • This footage when considered alongside the findings of the forensic explosive expert , that the bombing suspect was within 1 to 2 metres of the vehicle towards it rear and with no person or other obstruction between him and the vehicle , strongly suggests that the bomber and gunman were at the same position . It is virtually inconceivable that anyone who was where the gunman can clearly be seen on the media footage , could have survived the blast and escaped . The inevitable conclusion is that there was one attacker in the immediate vicinity of the vehicle in which Ms Bhutto was travelling . In essence , all the evidence indicates that one suspect has fired the shots before detonating an improvised explosive device . At the time of the attack this person was standing close to the rear of Ms Bhutto 's vehicle . The blast caused a violent collision between her head and the escape hatch area of the vehicle , causing a severe and fatal head injury . John MacBrayne QPM Detective Superintendent Counter Terrorism Command 1st February 2008 E-mail to a friend	Scotland Yard releases report into assassination of Benazir Bhutto Only apparent injury was a major trauma to the right side of the head UK experts all exclude the injury being a wound as a result of gunshot Injury consistent with her head impacting upon the lip of vehicle escape hatch
CNN  -- The cat that vanished in baggage claim at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport and whose plight became an online sensation has been found after being missing for two months . "  American Airlines is happy to announce that Jack the Cat has been found safe and well at JFK airport , " the carrier wrote in a post on the "  Jack the Cat is Lost in AA Baggage at JFK " Facebook page Tuesday evening . "  Jack was found in the customs room and was immediately taken by team members to a local veterinarian . The vet has advised that Jack is doing well at present . " The airline plans to fly the cat to California to be reunited with his owner , Karen Pascoe . The saga started on August 25 , when Pascoe was flying from New York to San Francisco with Jack and a second cat as part of a job relocation . But Jack escaped his kennel and was last seen at JFK 's inbound baggage claim . A Department of Transportation Pet Incident Report released earlier this month explains how it happened : A clerk placed one kennel on top of another on a baggage cart and the kennel on top fell . The impact "  caused the kennel to separate , " allowing the cat to escape . When a search failed to turn up Jack after a few days , Pascoe became frustrated with American Airlines and started the Facebook page "  to help us put pressure on AA to step up their efforts . " She also urged fliers to "  do whatever they can do to keep their animals out of cargo . " The page now has more than 16,000 followers . In its post , the airline said the search efforts included "  many employees at the airport who have remained vigilant in their search and committed to finding Jack . " While the cat was missing , workers placed food and water around the airport and set up humane traps . American even hired a pet detective and issued a pet Amber alert in hopes of locating the feline . We "  share everyone 's relief that he has been found , " the carrier said .	American Airlines says it has found Jack the Cat after two months of searching The feline became a Facebook sensation after his owner vented online The cat was found at John F. Kennedy International Airport 's customs room
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek police have arrested the captain of a U.S. ship whose passengers and crew had hoped to help lead a Gaza-bound flotilla aimed at challenging Israel 's maritime blockade of the Palestinian territory . John Klusmire , an American citizen and captain of The Audacity of Hope , was asked to report to a police station Saturday morning , said Jane Hirschmann , an American who is one of the flotilla organizers . A spokesperson with the Greek Coast Guard , who was not named per custom , confirmed Klusmire 's arrest . The reason given was that he had left the mainland without permission and put passengers in danger . He will appear before Greek prosecutors on Tuesday . Hirschmann added that , in addition to disobeying a police order , Klusmire is being charged with disturbing sea traffic . "  This is intimidation , " she said . "  They 're making an example of our captain to stop other boats in the flotilla from trying to sail . " His vessel -- which carried 36 American passengers , four crew members and several journalists , including CNN reporter Phil Black -- was intercepted Friday by a Greek Coast Guard patrol vessel roughly 10 minutes after it had departed Perama . The Greek authorities were in a standoff with the crew for about three hours , during which activists sang , chanted and waved signs in support of their mission . The ordeal took a turn , however , when an inflatable boat carrying an armed Greek military commando team told the activists to follow them back to port or face being boarded . Eventually , the ship returned to Greece , where it is now tied up at a Greek naval facility . Four other crew members have been ordered by Greek authorities to stay aboard the ship , Hirschmann said . Many other activist passengers have remained on the vessel as well , in a show of solidarity . The Audacity of Hope is one of 10 ships that organizers hope to unite to form a flotilla heading toward the Middle East . The trip is partially meant to commemorate a May 2010 incident in which Israeli troops boarded Mavi Marmara , a Turkish ship filled with humanitarian aid and 700 activists from various countries . Nine people died in subsequent clashes with Israeli Navy commandos . The Greek government said Friday that it wo n't allow any of the nine other boats in the flotilla to sail to Gaza because their mission is too dangerous . Flotilla members accuse the Greek government of buckling to pressure from Israel 's government . For their part , the Israelis have said they are mounting a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail at all . On Tuesday , the Israeli government said flotilla participants had threatened to kill Israeli military personnel should their boats be boarded . They alleged that the participants were stockpiling sacks of sulfuric acid on boats to be used in the event of any attacks on Israeli commandos . Flotilla organizer Medea Benjamin dismissed the allegations as ludicrous , saying : "  They see this nonviolent , rag-tag group of ships as such a threat they 're using their entire propaganda apparatus , and their diplomatic and economic clout to try to stop 300 peace activists . It 's pathetic . " The Middle East Quartet -- composed of officials from the United States , United Nations , European Union and Russia -- on Saturday issued a joint statement asking "  all governments concerned to use their influence to discourage additional flotillas , which risk the safety of their participants and carry the potential for escalation . " The Quartet added in its statement that it "  strongly urges all those wishing to deliver goods to the people of Gaza to do so through established channels , so that their cargo can be inspected and transferred via established land crossings . " Doing so , the group contends , is the best way to both help Palestinians and address Israel 's "  legitimate security concerns . " Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : The Quartet urges all governments to discourage additional flotillas The captain of The Audacity of Hope has been arrested , Greek authorities say The U.S. citizen is accused of disobeying authorities and putting passengers at risk His ship is one of 10 in a flotilla meant to challenge Israeli 's blockade of Gaza
Real Simple  -- Gayle Jamison 's garden in Woodstock , New York , is a well-ordered oasis filled with gentle lines of peonies and hydrangeas , artfully placed azaleas , and weeping cherry trees . A soothing vista dotted with various shades of pink and purple , the garden is so immaculately maintained that you would expect to see a professional landscaper continuously at work perfecting it . Not so . Instead , on Friday mornings from April through September , you will find a cheerful band of six women -- some graying , some not , most of them attired in old T-shirts or overalls and work boots . One day a week , they set aside their own jobs to garden as a team at one of their homes , rotating every week so that each woman 's property gets the full benefit of their collective burst of labor and artistic vision . Real Simple : How to negotiate anything In the eight years since the group came together , the women , who call themselves the Wonder Weeders , have created pathways and sculptures , moved trees , and carved out acres of gardens from hillsides and overgrown bramble . Often they converse as they work , talking about the primroses that they are mulching , the big news that a friend has just received , or challenges that they are facing with their jobs . Other times they seem to read one another 's minds , knowing when it 's time to put down the garden gloves and just listen . Sowing the seeds The women might never have come together except for an accident that befell 67-year-old Terry Funk-Antman in 2001 . She shattered her knee , which left her unable to care for her garden . One day , frustrated at seeing her beloved roses wither away , she hobbled out to her front yard . Her neighbor Cathera Lane , a painter and a gifted gardener in her own right , walked by the house as Terry balanced precariously on her crutches , attempting to pull weeds . Real Simple : How to make a good first impression Although the two had exchanged only a few words , Cathera instantly offered her assistance . "  You point to things and tell me what to do and I 'll do it , " she said . As the two women walked through Terry 's garden and got acquainted , Cathera suggested that they might help each other out from time to time . Then Terry had an epiphany : "  If two people can work this way , why not six or seven ? " Cathera loved the idea , and they started brainstorming about whom to invite . "  We wanted real gardeners with no attitude , " says Terry , a psychotherapist . A few weeks later , a handful of friends gathered at her home . In attendance : Susan Goldman , 63 , a community organizer ; Nikki Goldbeck , 63 , a nutritionist ; and Gayle Jamison , 63 , an underwater photographer . Also a member from the start was Joy Hopkins-Hausman , a therapist and an artist , who died of breast cancer last August at the age of 61 . Maria DeFranco , a 57-year-old sculptor and architect , joined in 2003 . Real Simple : 5 inspirational friendships At that first gathering , the women laid down the ground rules for their project : No fancy food or refreshments were to be served  water was all that the host had to provide  , no lawn mowing , and no uninvited garden critiques . "  We all just wanted help with the tasks that would otherwise be overwhelming , " says Susan . "  We did n't have any sense of where it would take us . " Green days In the first few years , says Nikki , they were still in the beginning stages of collaboration , trying to prove themselves as dedicated gardeners . Conversation tended to revolve around the names of plants and design schemes . But gradually , as they harvested raspberries or cleared away weeds , intimate exchanges bloomed . "  We started talking about our families and our other passions , " says Maria . "  In the midst of the work , we had these gem-like moments . " As the women 's friendships grew , so did the scope of their projects . On Nikki 's property , they restored a tranquil , bluestone-paved garden that had been hidden for years by overgrowth . At Maria 's place , they filled a dozen hanging planters to adorn her wraparound porch . And for Cathera they lugged stones into position to make a beautiful , new border for her fishpond . Real Simple : How to be a good friend With each woman bringing her individual skills to bear -- Gayle has her wide-ranging knowledge of flowers ; Nikki , her impressive patience with weeding ; Maria , her sculptor 's brawn in moving boulders -- the friends have devoted themselves to helping each garden express its owner 's sensibilities . For Terry , an exuberant woman who loves color , someone suggested showering morning glories over the cottage where she sees patients . For Cathera , who is as practical as she is artistic , the group has helped plant and maintain 32 varieties of fruits and vegetables . And when Joy was struck by a recurrence of cancer , they created a healing labyrinth , a circular pathway with a spot for meditating at the center . "  We 've come to understand our labor as a concrete expression of our appreciation for one another , " says Terry . On the day last August that Joy died , the Wonder Weeders had come to her home to garden -- it was her turn . As Joy 's grown children and their families gathered at the house and waited for news from the hospital , the friends did what they do best : hard work . They made breakfast for everyone , cleaned the house until it was spotless , and , of course , weeded and tended the garden . When the call finally came , they hugged , wept -- then picked up their tools and continued their tasks . "  When people came to pay condolences , we wanted the garden to be as beautiful as Joy could have ever hoped , " says Maria . That same day , Terry gathered up all the ripe peaches on the backyard trees . When Joy 's family came back to town later that month , they each received one of the 30 pots of jam that Terry had made from the fruit , a sweet memory of their loved one and a manifestation of the Wonder Weeders ' devotion . Reaping the rewards On a hot , clear morning last September , the women were hard at work in Cathera 's garden . Although Joy 's death was still very much on all their minds , they focused on the tasks at hand . Susan and Gayle dragged a tarp loaded with brush to the back of the house , where it would be picked up . Nikki wielded pruning shears like a weapon in the hands of a highly skilled warrior . Later , sitting around the table on Cathera 's porch , the friends took a moment to express what the group had come to mean to them . Certainly their gardens had developed and improved . But what they found more surprising was how the collaboration had caused the women to change , too . "  The group taught me to lean on other people , " says Nikki , who is the primary caretaker of her 94-year-old mother . "  Over time I 've gotten better at asking for help . " Gayle felt that the no-criticism policy had encouraged her to trust more readily that "  there is more than one right way to do things . " Maria says that the gardening has helped her become a bolder artist . "  It 's easier to experiment and try new things with all this support behind you , " she says . Real Simple : When friendships go wrong This spring the group started up again . It 's even smaller now : Cathera entered the hospital over the winter and was still there at press time , waiting to gain enough strength for a liver transplant . Having weathered so many changes , the members are contemplating their next chapter . Eight years in , many of their gardens are near completion . Maybe , wonders Gayle , it 's "  time to offer a little extra help to local gardeners who are ailing or unable to do what they would like . " Susan has proposed that they start involving local children in their gardening . Real Simple : How to break bad habits All the women are delighted that several other gardening co-ops , inspired by theirs , have sprung up in their area , the idea taking hold like a felicitous invasive species . "  Another circle develops , " says Terry , "  a rippling out of the concept that we can expand our joy in our gardens by including others . " Change , growth , creativity -- these core values were never expressly spelled out in the Wonder Weeders ' first meeting , but they have all become part of the group 's unspoken ethos . With the arrival of the warmer months , everyone is eager to see what fresh bounty the season will hold . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gardening co-ops can have unexpected benefits for like-minded members As the scope of the Wonder Weeders ' gardening projects grew , so did their friendships Eight years on , the Wonder Weeders have weathered great change and have new goals
South Hadley , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The 15-year-old girl who hanged herself last January after enduring months of bullying from schoolmates failed to alert others to her plight , the superintendent of South Hadley Schools said Thursday . The girl , Phoebe Prince , "  was apparently a very private person ; she bore a lot without talking to friends or with her parents or with anybody at school , " Gus Sayer told CNN . "  She did n't reveal to people what she was being subjected to and , unfortunately , until January 7 , we were not aware of what she was being subjected to , so -LSB- there was -RSB- very little way we could have intervened in the bullying . " Sayer cited two incidents that occurred on January 7 . In one , a girl walked into a classroom and called Prince "  an Irish slut , " he said . The name caller was taken to the principal 's office and disciplined , he said . In the other , a girl "  said something threatening about Phoebe " to another girl , he said . A staff member overheard the comment and reported it to the principal , who took disciplinary action , Sayer said . He said it was school policy not to specify what disciplinary actions may have been taken against any individual student , though he said the latter case did not include expulsion and that the student returned to school . "  To our knowledge the action taken was effective in ending their involvement in any bullying of Phoebe , " he said . Prince , who had recently moved with her family from Ireland to South Hadley , hanged herself on January 14 after enduring what Northwestern District Attorney Elizabeth B. Scheibel described to reporters Monday as "  a nearly three-month campaign of verbally assaultive behavior and threats of physical harm toward Phoebe , on school grounds , by several South Hadley High School students . " Six students were named in an indictment returned by a grand jury Friday and made public Monday . In addition , Scheibel said three female students received juvenile charges , but she would not clarify if they were among the six named in the indictment . That left even Sayer confused . "  There could be as many as nine , but I believe that six " is the correct number , he said . Though authorities did not consider that the actions or failures to act by the faculty , staff and administrators of the school amounted to criminal behavior , prosecutor Scheibel called for them to undergo training to learn to intervene more effectively in such cases . But administrators in the school district , who oversee the education of 2,100 students in four schools , are being unfairly blamed for the death , Sayer said . Those critics include a number of parents who have demanded that the administrators resign . "  They really do n't know what 's going on in the schools , but they feel that this should n't have happened and that , somehow , it has to be the fault of the schools themselves , " Sayer said . "  Frankly , I think that grossly oversimplifies the situation . " Sayer said he had received hundreds of vituperative messages from the community . "  They are awful , " he said , citing one that said he should be "  burning in hell . " He said he was trying to ignore them . None of the six students identified in the indictment remains in school , he added . Sayer said he supported the punishments meted out to the students . "  If they , as they have been charged , committed crimes , they should face the consequences for those crimes , " he said . But , he added , expulsion is something educators are reluctant to countenance . "  It 's a terrible punishment because that changes their whole lives and what they are capable of doing , and they have to figure out a way to renew and complete their education . " CNN 's Alina Cho contributed to this story .	Irish immigrant Phoebe Prince , 15 , hanged herself in January in Massachusetts South Hadley superintendent says Prince did n't let school officials know of her troubles Gus Sayer says first knowledge of bullying campaign came just one week earlier He says he 's received hundreds of ugly messages , threats
CNN  -- The FAA 's ban on U.S. flights to and from Israel 's main airport for a second day marks another blow to that country 's economy and a success for Hamas militants , experts said Wednesday . Even Israeli officials acknowledged the economic setback in the first 24 hours of the ban , which the FAA will review again Thursday . The European Aviation Safety Agency also recommended avoiding Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv , Israel , when the FAA imposed its ban Tuesday . "  I will not hide it from you . This is a major setback from Israel , the unfortunate American decision and what followed later was the European decisions , " said Giora Romm , director of Civil Aviation Authority of Israel . "  And it is a big hit to the Israeli economy and to our pride , " he said . But he and other Israeli officials insisted their country 's sophisticated anti-missile system makes Ben Gurion Airport a safe place , even though a Hamas rocket from Gaza fell one mile away from the airfield , prompting the FAA temporary ban on U.S. flights . "  We knew about that rocket , " said Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev . "  We were tracking it for about three minutes , our Air Force . We could have taken it down , but because we saw that it was n't going to hit inside the airport , we let it through . " For some Americans , Gaza conflict strikes close to home The FAA ban marks something of a victory for Hamas -- as well as prudent decision to protect commercial airlines , one expert said . "  I would say it 's both because what is the objective of terrorists ? To incite terror in people , " said Tim Clemente , a retired FBI counterterrorism agent , who was referring to Hamas . "  I think because they probably got lucky with this one rocket that came close enough to Ben Gurion to make it seem like the threat was legitimate , " Clemente added . "  It probably seemed like an empty threat initially . The more and more rockets flying into Israeli air space ,  it 's  eventually bound to happen that they could go this far . These projectiles , no different than firing a bullet into the air , it 's got to drop in somewhere , and that trajectory is not well known by the person who fires it . " Israel finds Hamas are no longer amateur fighters U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Virginia , who flew to Israel a couple of months ago , said he would feel comfortable flying to Tel Aviv this week , despite the FAA decision . "  Yes , I would feel comfortable , but I can understand why the FAA or other airlines who have liability concerns , who are worried about not just what one or two passengers feel but what everybody feels , I understand why they 're being cautious , " Kaine said . Last week 's shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine , "  demonstrates reason for caution , " Kaine added . Fawzi Barhoum , a Hamas spokesman , described the missile landing near the airport as one victory in the ongoing war between Hamas and Israel in Gaza . "  The resistance success in stopping the air traffic and isolating Israel from the world is a great victory for the resistance , " Barhoum told Al-Aqsa TV . Another Hamas spokesman , Osama Hamdan , said Hamas is targeting Ben Gurion Airport "  because it 's used by the Israel air forces . " Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg flew Wednesday to Israel aboard its national airline El Al and met with the Prime Minister and with President Shimon Peres . Bloomberg took exception with the FAA 's temporary ban and said air travel to Israel was safe . He described the Tel Aviv airport and the national airline as "  the world 's most secure . " "  The fact that a rocket falls a mile away does n't mean you should shut down air traffic into a country and paralyze the country , " Bloomberg said . Bloomberg said he was "  standing up for what 's right " and condemned Hamas for trying to kill Israelis . Referring to Hamas ' claim of victory in disrupting air traffic , Bloomberg said , "  I probably do n't agree with a lot of things that Hamas says , but that is probably true . " Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said if Israel thought flying there was a risk , "  I would have called Michael  Bloomberg  and said , ` Do n't come . ' "  The reality is that if Hamas goes ` boo ' and you get scared , you 're helping Hamas with its goals , " Barkat said . "  That 's what terrorists try to do . They try to terrorize you . "  The best way to fight terrorism is exactly go on with your normal life , " the mayor said . U.S. extends ban on flights into Israel 's Ben Gurion Airport What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? CNN 's Tim Lister contributed from Jerusalem .	NEW : Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat says if "  you get scared , you 're helping Hamas " NEW : Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg flies to Israel on its national airline NEW : Hamas targets airport "  because it 's used by the Israel air forces , " rep says The FAA ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv is "  a major setback " for Israel , official says
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A former kingpin for a Colombian drug cartel pleaded guilty Tuesday in U.S. District Court to charges of drug trafficking , obstruction of justice by murder and racketeering , federal officials said . Authorities say Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " was the head of the Norte del Valle drug cartel . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez had faced 15 criminal charges , said Montoya 's Miami attorney , Bill Clay . "  As is often the case in plea agreements , there are concessions and benefits a defendant gets , " Clay told CNN . "  There are benefits that are very valuable to Montoya . Twelve counts will be dismissed at the time of sentencing . " Montoya 's plea covered two federal cases . In one , prosecuted by the U.S. attorney 's office in Miami , Montoya admitted to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms  11 pounds  of cocaine into the United States and one count of obstruction of justice by murder , federal officials said . In the second case , prosecuted in the District of Columbia , Montoya pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to engage racketeering . That case was transferred to Miami for the plea . Sentencing is set for October 21 , Clay said . By statute , Montoya could be sentenced to life in prison , but he will not , the attorney said . He said he believes prosecutors will ask for a 45-year sentence . Federal officials lauded the plea agreement Tuesday . "  This notorious leader of the extremely violent Norte Valle Cartel is where he belongs : behind bars for murder , drug trafficking and racketeering , " acting Drug Enforcement Agency Administrator Michele M. Leonhart said in a news release . Montoya , 48 , had a $ 5 million reward on his head before his capture in Colombia in September 2007 and extradition to the United States 15 months later . He had been on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list since 2004 . Authorities say Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " was the head of the Norte Valle drug cartel . The FBI called the cartel "  the most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia . " The Justice Department said Tuesday that , "  based upon FBI estimates , at its peak the Norte Valle Cartel was responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the United States . ...  B  etween 1990 and 2004 , the Norte Valle Cartel exported more than 1.2 million pounds , or 500 metric tons , of cocaine worth more than $ 10 billion from Colombia to the United States . " Even though he did not have to , Montoya chose to make a statement to Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga , the Colombian 's attorney said . "  He said to the judge he wanted to express remorse to his family and to the families of the victims of his criminal conduct , " Clay said . Montoya is the fourth member of his family to be convicted as part of the Florida case , officials said Tuesday . A brother pleaded guilty in January to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms of cocaine into the United States and one count of obstruction of justice by murder . He was sentenced to 30 years in prison . In November 2005 , officials said , another brother and a cousin each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms of cocaine into the United States . Each received a sentence of more than 20 years .	Former kingpin for Colombian drug cartel pleads guilty in U.S. District Court Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez had $ 5 million reward on his head before his capture FBI calls cartel "  most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia "
CNN  -- On February 12 , 2009 , Christopher Savoie received an e-mail from his ex-wife that he had feared would come . Christopher Savoie is in jail in Japan after trying to get back his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . About a month after their bitter divorce , in which Noriko Savoie promised as part of the agreement she would n't return to Japan with their children to live , she threatened to do just that . "  It 's very difficult to watch kids becoming American and losing Japanese identity , " Noriko Savoie wrote her ex-husband in the e-mail , according to Tennessee court documents . "  I am at the edge of the cliff . I can not hold it anymore if you keep bothering me . " Now she is in Japan with the children . Christopher Savoie sits in a Japanese jail accused of trying to kidnap them . He practically predicted it would end this way . The couple , citizens of the United States and Japan , were married for 14 years and lived in Japan . But they came to the United States with 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca . They divorced in January 2009 after Christopher Savoie was unfaithful . Noriko Savoie was given custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . During the divorce , Christopher Savoie was concerned that his ex-wife would move to Japan with the children . After receiving the threatening e-mail , he went to court to try to prevent that . He pleaded with a judge in March to stop Noriko Savoie from being able to travel to Japan for summer vacation . He knew if she took the children to Japan to live the deck would be stacked against him . Japanese law would recognize Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian and he might never see his children again . Noriko Savoie told a judge the words in her e-mail were in the heat of the moment ; she was angry that her ex-husband had just married the woman who caused their marriage to end . "  I was very , very -- at the peak of my frustration ... " Noriko Savoie told a judge , according to court transcripts . "  He actually married three days before that e-mail . He remarried the person -- a woman whom he was having affair -LSB- with -RSB- , so I was very depressed and -- but also angry . " Noriko Savoie was asked repeatedly in court if she would try to take the children and flee to Japan . Her answer was always no . "  I have never thought about taking children away from their father , never , " she told the judge . Christopher Savoie did n't believe her . Their divorce had been rocky , both of them said . The court documents reveal bitter fights and mediations during the divorce . The two accused each other of sending harassing e-mails . They also fought over sending the kids to baseball , Scouts and other activities . Noriko Savoie accused him of not giving her enough money to take English language lessons or go to school so she could get a job . He accused her of not trying hard enough to enroll or find a place to live . Dad paid ex-wife $ 800K in divorce " Despite those issues , Christopher Savoie said his only concern was making sure he would n't be separated from his children . He knew trying to get the kids back would be "  a futile effort " if Noriko Savoie did flee with the children , according to court documents . He laid out in court a scenario similar to what he is facing . "  If she were to go to Japan with the children and with primary custodial rights , there 's pretty much no doubt that I would have a very difficult time enforcing my rights to visitation should Noriko decide not to let the children see me , " he said . He said he 'd have a hard time paying expensive legal fees because most of his money was tied up in his house , car and 401  k  after he gave Noriko Savoie more than $ 700,000 as part of the divorce settlement . With that money , he feared she 'd be able to move and hide the children from him . When appointed parental coordinators asked her if she planned to take the children to Japan , she hesitated and simply answered "  I think the kids will be happy if I 'm happy . " The judge asked Noriko Savoie rhetorically whether she would be willing to put up money , essentially a bond , to ensure she 'd return from Japan . She agreed , but was never asked to do so . Judge James G. Martin III warned Noriko Savoie she would lose her alimony , education funds and other money if she fled with the children , before ruling that he believed she would n't abscond with them and allowed her to travel to Japan . Noriko Savoie followed the court 's rules and took the children on vacation and returned during the required time to the United States . But days later , she took the children back to Japan . The court in the United States granted Christopher Savoie full custody after Noriko Savoie fled the country . But that court order means nothing in Japan , where courts generally favor mothers in custody disputes . The couple is also still considered married in Japan , because they never divorced there , Japanese police said Wednesday . And , police said , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports . A 1980 Hague Convention standardized laws on international child abduction , but Japan is not a party to that agreement . Christopher Savoie knew all this when he decided this week to go to Japan to get his children back . He took the children as Noriko Savoie walked them to school Monday in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan . He headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka on the Southern island of Kyushu , to try to obtain passports for the children , screaming at the guards to let him in the compound . He was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested . Christopher Savoie , who will be in jail for the next 10 days while Japanese officials sort out the situation , told CNN 's Kyung Lah that he was scared and just wanted to see his children . "  I love you , Isaac , Rebecca , " he said . "  Your daddy loves you forever . I 'll be patient and strong until the day comes that I can see you both again . I am very sorry that I ca n't be with you . " Though he had warned everyone this was going to happen , this time he could speak in certainties . He said that though he knows it might be a tough battle , it 's one he will continue to vocalize . "  I want Americans to know what 's happening to me , " Christopher Savoie said in Japanese . "  I did n't do anything wrong . "	After bitter divorce , Noriko Savoie threatened in e-mail to take kids back to Japan Dad pleaded with judge not to allow ex-wife to go to Japan , fearing she might stay Noriko Savoie said repeatedly in court she would n't take kids away from dad Christopher Savoie now in jail in Japan after trying to get kids back from mother
CNN  -- Two airplanes came too close to one another while attempting to land at a Detroit airport , a federal official said early Saturday , days after another close incident involving three jets at a Washington , D.C. airport . A Delta flight from Phoenix was coming in to land Friday night at the Detroit Metro Airport as a small regional jet was trying to land , said Elizabeth Cory , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . The two planes were separated by approximately two horizontal miles . Standard separation distance is three miles , Cory said , noting that an investigation is under way . CNN first learned of the incident from an alleged passenger who said he could see a regional jet below them from his cabin window . "  Air traffic control was aware that they had a situation where separation was less than they would like , " Cory said . Both pilots had visual contact with each other and neither plane was at risk of colliding with the other , she added . Friday 's incident in Detroit comes a day after federal authorities acknowledged that three U.S. Airways-operated jets at Reagan National Airport came closer than they should have because of an air traffic control "  miscommunication . " Feds investigate 3 planes flying too close at DC-area airport The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon when air traffic controllers were making adjustments for landing and departing aircraft because of bad weather . The Chautauqua Airlines flight came within 800 vertical feet and .82 nautical miles after takeoff of an arriving aircraft , identified as a Republic Airlines flight , authorities said . The third plane involved was another Republic Airlines flight , which was taking off and came within 2.07 nautical miles and 800 vertical feet of the arriving flight . "  During the switchover of operations , miscommunication between the Tracon and the DCA tower led to a loss of the required separation between two regional jets departing from Runway 1 and a regional jet inbound for Runway 19 , " the Federal Aviation Administration said . "  Tracon , " or terminal radar approach control , is a reference to a regional radar facility . "  DCA " is the International Air Transport Association code for Reagan National Airport . "  At no point were the three aircraft on a head-to-head course , " said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . The FAA is investigating and plans to take "  appropriate action to address the miscommunication " of Tuesday 's incident . "  Such near misses and any operational errors are calls to action , " Rep. John L. Mica , R-Florida , said after the Tuesday incident . "  I 'm asking our Aviation Subcommittee staff and FAA to thoroughly review what happened . " Last year , an air traffic controller was suspended for failing to respond to two planes heading into National Airport after he fell asleep on the midnight shift . The two planes landed without incident .	FAA spokeswoman : A Delta flight from Phoenix was coming in to land Friday night A small regional jet was also attempting to land at the time , she says They were separated by two horizontal miles The standard separation distance is three miles
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's government said Monday its forces had killed Tamil rebel chief Velupillai Prabhakaran as he attempted to flee , according to the country 's state-run news agency . The Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead . The Tamil rebel group , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , is aware of the government 's report but has yet to confirm Prabhakaran 's death or the deaths of its other leaders , according to a posting on the pro-rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com . It said "  initial reports indicate a determined massacre by the Sri Lanka Army . " Prabhakaran was one of 19 senior LTTE leaders that the government has identified among the bodies found as its troops completed mop-up operations after routing the Tigers , the defense ministry said . The leaders include Prabhakaran 's eldest son , Charles Anthony , as well as Pottu Amman , LTTE 's intelligence leader , according to the ministry . Prabhakaran founded the rebel group , which has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries . It pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the explosive suicide belt . It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so . Watch more on the possible end of fighting " Prabhakaran is accused of masterminding the killing of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu as he campaigned for a second term . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later a Tigers suicide bomber , allegedly acting under Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . Over the weekend , the militants offered to "  silence " their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks , pushed them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country , and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land . If the rebels honor their pledge , it would potentially mark the end of the longest-running civil war in Asia . Prabhakaran 's supporters considered him a hero with a single-minded focus -- to fight for the rights of his people . The Sri Lankan government deemed him a war criminal with a disregard for civilian casualties . He was wanted by Interpol on charges including terrorism and organized crime . In the past it has been reported he wore a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow and kill himself rather than risk capture . And he reportedly expected the same dedication from his troops . As a result , few Tigers have been captured alive . Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa is expected to announce that "  military operations " against the Tiger rebels have ended in an address to parliament and country on Tuesday . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " The rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . Journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead The offensive against the rebel group is in its last stages , the government says Rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils since 1983
CNN  -- Research into the H7N9 virus suggests the risk of contracting serious illness rises with age and that more people may be infected than the 105 cases reported , according to a study by the Hong Kong University . Benjamin Cowling , associate professor at HKU 's public health research center , told CNN that a disparity had emerged in data focusing people 's exposure to live poultry . "  Essentially there are more exposures to poultry in older adults than in younger adults , but the difference in exposures is not as big as when we look at the differences in age of the number of serious H7N9 infections , " Cowling said . He said that if age were not a factor in the seriousness of infection , then researchers could expect the pattern of the disease to exactly match the pattern of exposure . "  What we 're seeing is that half the serious cases are above 60 years of age , " he said . Milder symptoms also meant that many more people may be infected with the virus than is currently known because people potentially infected with H7N9 were not seeking medical attention for what seems like a mild cough or fever . Read more : Bird flu puts spotlight on age-old traditions in China "  One of the reasons that SARS was easier to control was because all of the infections were serious so the patients had to be hospitalized and isolated , " he said . "  It 's easier , then , to reduce onward transmission . " So far , however , there is no evidence of human-to-human transmission in H7N9 . Researchers were struggling to discover why an early strain of bird flu -- H5N1 -- attacked a mainly younger demographic of people in their 20s and 30s . Exactly why influenza strains are more serious in different age groups was still a subject of ongoing investigation , Cowling said . "  It 's not completely clear what happened in the 1918 Spanish Flu pandemic , " he said . "  Certainly the burden of severe illnesses fell disproportionately on younger adults . " He said the normal profile of an influenza epidemic was that the highest proportion of infection is with younger children . Read more : China 's bird flu mystery "  That is a classic feature of influenza viruses but it seems from the mortality curves  of Spanish flu  , the highest death rate was in young adults and that suggests something unusual . " World Health Organization officials this week visited Shanghai as part of a week-long visit to China to gauge the response to the outbreak . Keiji Fukuda , assistant director-general for health security and environment of the WHO told a news conference that there was no "  sustained " pattern to the H7N9 outbreak that suggested human-to-human contact . Last week , however , a spokesperson from the Chinese Center for Disease Control said that as many 40 % of the cases had had no contact with poultry . China 's health ministry on Monday confirmed a total of 105 cases , in Shanghai , the capital Beijing and four provinces including Shandong for the first time . A death on Monday night in Shanghai brought the death toll from the epidemic to 21 people .	Research into the H7N9 virus suggests the risk of contracting serious illness rises with age China 's health ministry on Monday confirmed a total of 105 cases and 21 deaths The virus has been identified in Beijing , Shanghai and four provinces including Shandong for the first time The WHO has said so far there is no evidence of human-to-human transmission in H7N9
CNN  -- As human rights advocates around the world celebrate the 64th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights this week , their counterparts in the United States are mourning the Senate 's rejection last week of the international convention for disability rights . Appalling in its own right , the Senate Republicans ' defeat of the 21st century 's first human rights treaty is a sad but sharp reminder that misinformation and fear can still override fundamental principles of human decency and common sense . More importantly , it is yet another blow to the United States ' ability to play a leading role in promoting freedoms and human dignity in the world . The international bill of rights adopted by the United Nations on December 10 , 1948 , still stands as the gold standard in the daily fight for basic human rights today . As our societies democratize , mature and progress , human rights defenders are winning longstanding battles to expand the frontiers of rights to include women , children , indigenous peoples , LGBT communities and migrants . Economic and social rights are ascendant as well , as people make claims for the essentials of human life : water , food , health , jobs and education . The United States has a long and generally bipartisan tradition of concern for human rights , a pillar of its founding principles . Americans also have been at the forefront of the global human rights movement for generations and consider ourselves a leading example for others of a rights-respecting society , even if we still have much work to do to improve our record . Indeed , it was Congress ' passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990 that paved the way for the international campaign for disability rights and which served as the standard for the treaty the Senate rejected . When it comes to international law , however , some Americans get confused . The image of the United Nations as a supranational body with powers to insert itself into our living rooms persists even though there is no evidence to support it . This myth-making , and its inherent contradictions , are in full display in Rick Santorum 's bizarre opinion essay published last week in The Daily Beast . In it , the leader of the conservative movement , to defeat the treaty , claims that unelected U.N. bureaucrats could take away a parent 's power to demand special education services for a disabled child . He then asserts that there is no point in ratifying the treaty because it "  would do nothing to force any foreign government to change their laws or to spend resources on the disabled . That is for those governments to decide . " Precisely . The hallmark of the U.N. human rights system is its success in elaborating international standards for protecting a comprehensive set of human rights , monitoring states ' respect for those rights and making recommendations for improving their records . In exceptional cases involving gross violations , such as war crimes and mass atrocities , governments  though not the United States  have agreed to a more robust set of mechanisms , like the International Criminal Court , to hold individuals accountable . The emerging doctrine of responsibility to protect civilians has even been applied to prevent the slaughter of civilians in Libya . But these measures are a far cry from any alleged interference of U.N. lawyers in our schools and homes . At the end of the day , however , national sovereignty trumps these efforts , leaving any state free to follow its own path for governing its people . For better or worse , that 's the way it works . There is a broader and more disheartening message that the world hears from Washington on this year 's International Human Rights Day : The United States is losing its moral voice on human rights because it is not leading by example . As one human rights defender remarked to me recently , his government routinely cites U.S. treatment of detainees at Guantanamo as justification for its own violations of human rights . When the exceptional case , like the "  necessary " measures adopted to wage battle against terrorists , becomes the norm , we have lost a major source of credibility to promote basic principles of due process and "  innocent until proven guilty . " Unfortunately , the conservative movement 's victory in defeating the disability rights treaty is just the latest example of our political leaders ' failure to convert high-sounding rhetoric into meaningful action when it comes to human rights . If a war hero Republican like Bob Dole , who uses a wheelchair , can not persuade his colleagues to do the right thing , then we are all the losers in the battle for human rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Piccone .	Last week , Senate Republicans defeated the international convention for disability rights Misinformation and fear overrode decency and common sense , says Ted Piccone Opponents argued that the U.N. could deny parents their rights to raise children as they see fit U.S. is losing its moral voice on human rights because it is not leading by example , he says
CNN  In case you needed a reminder that President Barack Obama is n't running for office again , he just alienated not only Republicans , who have largely resented him from day one , but the progressive base of Democratic voters . Obama has argued with the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren , calling her "  wrong " on trade policy . The Massachusetts senator is the same potentate to whom Hillary Clinton has been religiously prostrating . What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of Democratic politics . Warren has publicly criticized so-called "  fast track " trade authority that would allow the White House to negotiate massive , multination trade deals with little congressional oversight . The authority would pave the way for trade pacts such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership , which is modeled on the North American Free Trade Agreement , and has killed 700,000 American jobs and drove wages down in the United States while simultaneously decimating Mexican agriculture and small businesses . Aspects of the TPP deal would provide incentives for off-shoring jobs to low-wage countries , imposing limits on government regulations around food safety and the environment , and create mechanisms for multinational corporations to challenge any domestic laws they simply do n't like . In December , Warren wrote a letter signed by several other Democrats to U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman raising concerns about the TPP . The letter warned that the TPP could erode safeguards that have been put in place to "  prevent future financial crises . " "  We can not afford a trade deal that undermines the government 's ability to protect the American economy , " Warren wrote . At a town hall with MSNBC 's Chris Matthews on Tuesday , President Obama said , "  I love Elizabeth . We 're allies on a whole host of issues . But she 's wrong on this . " Obama added , "  When you hear folks make a lot of suggestions about how bad this trade deal is , when you dig into the facts , they are wrong . " But "  I 'm right and she 's wrong " does n't exactly come off as a thoughtful , let alone respectful , response to the policy critiques of one of the most trusted economic justice leaders in the Democratic Party today . Meanwhile , Hillary Clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle . Clinton has recently courted Warren 's support while forcefully repeating the rhetoric of populism . But according to a report by The New York Times , Clinton 's staff is at pains to suggest that Clinton has always been a populist as opposed to merely trying to now co-opt a current trend . Yet it becomes harder to paint Clinton as the "  original Elizabeth Warren " each time she equivocates on trade policy and the TPP . In a 2012 speech as secretary of state , Clinton praised the TPP as "  the gold standard in trade agreements to open free , transparent , fair trade , the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field . " But now , as she campaigns for president facing a Democratic electorate divided over the deal , Clinton is sounding more critical . "  Any trade deal has to produce jobs and raise wages and increase prosperity and protect our security , " Clinton said this week . So does Clinton support the TPP deal or not ? Campaigning in New Hampshire on Tuesday , Clinton reportedly declined to say one way or the other . That 's not the behavior of a fierce populist . It 's more indicative of the sort of politically calculated , ideologically centrist "  triangulation " for which her husband was famous . Seizing on Clinton 's ambiguity , her potential challenger in the Democratic primary , Martin O'Malley , released a video this week making clear that he is against the TPP . According to a poll , as of 2012 just 1 in 4 Americans believed that NAFTA had benefited U.S. workers and only 1 in 3 believed it had benefited the U.S. economy overall . Even most Republicans in this poll supported the position that the United States should either "  renegotiate " or "  leave " NAFTA versus "  continue to be a member . " In other words , any political leader with even the dimmest grasp of economics let alone political pragmatism should run away from a new trade deal modeled on imitating and expanding NAFTA . While it 's not surprising that Republicans are siding with big business and against working Americans in supporting the TPP , it 's befuddling that President Obama supports it . The only hope now is for 2016 Democratic candidates , especially Clinton at this point , to support populism not just in rhetoric but in real policy terms and show which party is , for the most part , on the side of the people and not on the side of multinational corporations . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid minced no words in revealing his position about trade "  fast track " authority : "  I 'm not only no , I 'm hell no . " If Hillary Clinton wants to prove she 's a real populist , now 's her chance to be even more clear .	Sen. Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized so-called "  fast track " trade authority Sally Kohn : Why does President Obama call her wrong , and why is Hillary Clinton equivocating ?
CNN  -- A man charged with murder in the deaths of 11 women pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity Thursday , said Ryan Miday , a spokesman for the Cuyahoga County , Ohio , prosecutor . A grand jury has indicted Anthony Sowell on 85 counts , following the discovery of 11 sets of human remains at his Cleveland , Ohio , house in October . The charges include several counts of aggravated murder with a "  mass murder specification , " meaning multiple people were killed in a similar fashion , said Bill Mason , the Cuyahoga County prosecutor . Sowell , 50 , faces rape and kidnapping charges as well and also has been charged with brutalizing three other women and raping two of them , Mason said . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Sowell . Investigators arrested him in October after authorities serving a search warrant in a rape case discovered the remains of six women in and around his house . Subsequent searches turned up the remains of five others . All 11 remains were of African-American women . Police used cadaver dogs Wednesday to search Sowell 's childhood home , just outside Cleveland . "  We 're just trying to cover all our bases , " said Scott Wilson , spokesman for the FBI , which is assisting local detectives in the case . Authorities have said they are looking at the unsolved slayings of three women in East Cleveland to determine if they share any similarities with the remains found at Sowell 's house . The indictment against Sowell also alleges that he assaulted women on December 8 , 2008 , and on September 22 and October 20 of this year . The women in September and October were raped , and the other woman was punched and choked before escaping , Mason said . Sowell 's charges in those cases include attempted murder , rape or attempted rape , kidnapping , robbery and felonious assault . Sowell has pleaded not guilty to charges in the September 22 rape . On October 20 , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor of his house . Firefighters responded and later notified police . But the woman told officers she fell off the roof while she was at the home "  partying , " police said earlier . No charges were filed at the time . Sowell threatened his victims and warned them not to contact police , Mason said . It 's possible there are others , he added , and urged anyone who has not come forward to do so . Sowell "  knew what he was doing was wrong at the time he was doing it , " the prosecutor said . As of last month , Sowell was on suicide watch at the request of his public defender , Kathleen DeMetz . She had said a psychiatric evaluation of Sowell had been ordered but was unlikely to happen until after an indictment was filed . Cuyahoga County Sheriff Bob Reid told reporters this week that Sowell has been a "  model prisoner , " is kept in an isolated unit and has declined visitation requests . Most of the victims were strangled by ligature -- which could include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . The skull of one woman was wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the home 's basement . Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005 . He was required to register as a sex offender . After the discovery of the 11 women , police in mid-November used thermal imaging in an attempt to see if any additional human remains were on the property and dug certain areas by hand . No more remains were found .	Suspect pleads not guilty by reason of insanity Anthony Sowell accused in deaths of 11 women Remains of African-American women found at Cleveland , Ohio , house Cadaver dogs also search Sowell 's childhood home
CNN  -- It was once the polluted hotbed of the Industrial Revolution in London , a large area of land that became badly contaminated with toxic waste after centuries of abuse . But the hope of the local Olympic organizers is that , what was once a wasteland site in Stratford , will soon bloom with fauna and wildlife as the green heart of the 2012 Games ' site . The Olympic Delivery Authority  ODA  is planning to convert the area into Britain 's first new public park in London for over a century once the sporting event is over and -- in order to create the intended environmental legacy -- the work of planting , cultivating and remodeling the new landscape is already underway . The Olympic Park will not only provide a public space for people to enjoy both during and after the Games , the aim is to generate a variety of habitats for wildlife with 2,000 trees and 350,000 wetland plants . "  There are all kinds of different habitats here and there are target species , " John Hopkins , a project sponsor for the parklands and public realm at the authority , told CNN . "  We have things like the frog ponds , which hold water and have loggeries in them . "  We also have over 700 wildlife installations . We have wet woodland , which is a very rare habitat that feeds off the river to keep it wet . " Wetland areas have been central to the regeneration of the area , specifically along the banks of the River Thames , which runs from the UK 's east coast and through the heart of the British capital . "  This is part of a huge vision for restoring working landscapes in the whole of the Thames gateway , which is great for bio-diversity and great for people , " Hopkins said . "  Parks like this create those places where people want to live , work and play . " Turning the former industrial area into a suitable home for plants and animals has not been a straightforward process . Factories had been located on the site in the 18th and 19th centuries , which left the soil in need of special treatment . "  This site was one of the crucibles of the Industrial Revolution in London , " Hopkins said . "  Some of the land was heavily contaminated after centuries of abuse . "  We had what we called ` soil hospitals . ' They were treating all of the materials to make sure that it was suitable for re-use on the site . " Paul de Zylva , head of international environmental organization Friends of the Earth has been working on the issue of the Games coming to London since 2003 , two years prior to the city being awarded the Olympics . He told CNN he was generally supportive of the work being done by the ODA . "  The plan they have come up with is about trying to create some of the old London habitat that used to exist there , " said Da Zylva . "  Grasslands , meadows , woodland and waterways as well , and I think that 's been done well . "  They are putting in a long-term management plan for the area . There 's a 10-year management plan for the park , which is a good start . "  They are trying to manage the land to be of high conservation value , to the point where some parts of it would be on the way to being designated as a site of special scientific interest , which is the highest possible designation in this country . So that 's a good ambition . " De Zylva also praised the honesty of London 's organizers with regards to making information about the Games available . "  We said to them that we do want you to be open and transparent about what the impact of putting on the Games would be , and they published that . "  We were very pleased they did . We think it 's important , if you 're going to learn lessons from staging the Games , that you have a baseline of information about what it actually takes to host the Olympics . "  This is the first time it has been done , London has been good in that respect . " London has held the Summer Olympics on two previous occasions , in 1908 and 1948 -- next year 's event will begin with the opening ceremony on July 27 and conclude on August 12 .	London 's Olympic Park has been designed to accommodate both people and local wildlife The site in the Stratford area of the city was contaminated and soil had to be treated London officials hoping to regenerate areas of ruined land along banks of the Thames The Games will officially begin with the opening ceremony on July 27 , 2012
CNN  -- For Brazil 's football team , the pressure is on . Next year the FIFA World Cup arrives in the South American country for only the second time , with the nation 's near 200 million inhabitants expecting to celebrate a record sixth triumph in the tournament . But all is not well in the land of "  jogo bonito " -- the beautiful game . So much so that with Brazil falling to an all-time low of 18th in the world rankings , a couple of old stagers are back to try and breathe new life into a nation that in many ways represents the very essence of international football . Luis Felipe Scolari , the coach of Brazil 's 2002 World Cup winners , has been drafted in to replace Mano Manezes . And one of Scolari 's first actions was to recall a hero of the triumphant campaign in Japan and South Korea 11 years ago . Against England in Wednesday 's Wembley friendly , Ronaldinho , a two-time World Player of the Year , was back in the famous gold shirt for the first time in over a year as he looked to enhance his chances of making the squad for 2014 . ` Craque ' But the plan failed . Scolari , Ronaldinho and co. slipped to a 2-1 defeat , with England playing more of the slick , attacking football Brazil has made its trademark . For Ronaldinho , now plying his trade with Atletico Miniero in his homeland after dazzling for Barcelona between 2003 and 2008 , it was a miserable evening . Off the ball , his laid back , border-line lazy approach was as recognizable as the beaming grim beneath his abundant curly locks . But in possession , the bursts of acceleration which helped him become the world 's most feared player during his halcyon days with Barca were less apparent . His killer instinct in front of goal also seemed to have deserted him . When his 19th-minute penalty was saved by England goalkeeper Joe Hart , suspicions grew that the 87,000 plus spectators inside the stadium were watching a ghost . After 45 minutes Scolari had also seen enough and Ronaldinho did not emerge for the second half . "  He 's very important , he 's a ` craque ' , " Brazil and Chelsea midfielder Ramires said after the game , using a term which refers to a technically gifted player . "  We all know about his great quality ... we all know how important he is and we just hope he 's OK physically , " added Ramires . Despite a low key performance which saw Ronaldinho out ran and out thought by England 's midfield trio of Jack Wilshere , Tom Cleverley and Steven Gerrard , Brazil captain David Luiz also hailed the qualities of the 32-year-old . "  It 's a privilege to play with him , " said the Chelsea defender . "  No doubt about it . Not only for his football , but also for the person he is . "  You saw when Ronaldinho came on the screen , everyone was raving and that just shows how big he is in world football . " As well as past stars like Ronaldinho , it was also a tough test for the emerging crop of Brazilian superstars . Oscar , the third of Chelsea 's Brazilian trio , Paris-Saint Germain 's Lucas Moura and playmaker Paulinho of Club World Cup winners Corinthians all struggled to live up to their lofty billing . Mohican-clad attacker But most worrying of all was the performance of Neymar . If Ronaldinho is yesterday 's hero , the Santos schemer has long had the billing of today 's A Selecao shining star . Yet the Mohican-clad attacker was subdued throughout - as he had been in Brazil 's Olympic final defeat by Mexico in August at Wembley -- struggling to shake off the stubborn defensive work of England right back Glen Johnson . So if Brazil are to lift the World Cup next year , the player widely regarded as the third best in the world behind Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo will have to lift his game considerably . "  It did not go as I had expected or wanted , " the 21-year-old Neymar told reporters . "  I would have liked to help the team more , but today was not my day . Next time . " Wednesday 's defeat might stir memories of the last time Brazil hosted the World Cup in 1950 . Needing just a draw to be crowned world champions in the final game of the tournament , Brazil lost 2-1 to Uruguay and missed out on a first World Cup triumph -- an event referred to by playwright Nelson Rodrigues as "  our Hiroshima " . That loss scarred Brazilian society -- a similar failure next year is unimaginable . "  Our chances of winning the World Cup are big , " said Brazil 's Bayern Munich defender Dante . "  That 's our mentality , that 's what we are focused on . In our heads we ca n't go there and think if we finish second or third that 's enough . "  The fans will be very important . You can expect every game to be 60,000 , 70,000 people together with us , and we are going to use their emotion to make us stronger on the pitch . "  We have great players who are used to pressure and our motivation is really high . " Ramires was is similarly defiant mood . "  We are going to be ready , " said Chelsea midfielder . "  We are going in to win the World Cup . "	Brazil lose 2-1 to England at Wembley Stadium , London The match was the first of Luis Felipe Scolari 's second spell as coach Scolari called Ronaldinho into the Brazil squad for the first time in a year Brazil captain David Luiz is confident his country can with the 2014 World Cup
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Zablon Simintov is always guaranteed the best seat in his local synagogue here , but the privilege comes with a downside : he 's the last Jew in Afghanistan . The country 's 800-year-old Jewish community -- an estimated 40,000 strong at its peak -- is now a party of one . But Simintov , for his part , is n't going anywhere soon . For more than a decade , he has refused to join his wife and two teenage daughters in Israel . "  My family call me all the time and say , ` Come here , you 're the last Jew in Afghanistan , what are you doing there ? ' " he says . Simintov , a former carpet dealer , refuses to answer that question . "  I do n't know why I 'm still living here , " he says . "  It 's God 's will . " He has n't seen his daughters -- now ages 14 and 16 -- since his one trip to Israel 12 years ago . But the bald and bespectacled Simintov says he is content guarding a cupboard full of dusty prayer books -- one is 400 years old , he says -- spending holidays with visitors from Europe and the U.S. and surviving off donations from Jews around the world . Historical evidence suggests a sizable Jewish community in Afghanistan since the Middle Ages , according to the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise , a nonprofit group . Afghanistan 's Jewish population reached 40,000 in the mid-19th century , the group says , and began declining around 1870 with the passage of anti-Jewish measures . Israel 's creation in 1948 drew most of Afghanistan 's remaining Jews . Simintov 's synagogue -- the last in Afghanistan 's capital -- sits inconspicuously in a courtyard behind busy city streets , though a close inspection reveals Stars of David in second-story metal railings . The interior is adorned only by broken light fixtures and ceiling fans . But Simintov says he is hardly in hiding . "  They 're all like my brothers here , " he said of his fellow Afghans . "  It does n't make a difference whether I 'm here or in Israel . " That was n't the case under Taliban rule , which ended with the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 , though Taliban forces have been resurgent in parts of the country . Simintov says he was arrested four times under Taliban rule and that he was beaten while in custody . "  The Taliban was a problem , " he says . "  They interfered in everyone 's business , but now they 're gone , they 're finished . " Which means that Simintov is more inclined than ever to stay put .	Afghan Jews peaked at 40,000 in mid-19th century ; now there 's only one left Zablon Simintov wo n't join his wife and teen daughters in Israel Simintov spends holidays with visitors and survives off donations from Jews He was arrested four times and beaten while in custody under Taliban rule
CNN  -- CNN 's Larry King talked with former President Bill Clinton on Tuesday night at the William Jefferson Clinton Center in Little Rock , Arkansas . Bill Clinton talked politics and more with CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday night . In a wide-ranging interview , King talked with Clinton about the stimulus bill , the auto bailout , President Barack Obama 's BlackBerry , Chelsea Clinton 's future , Sarah Palin and more . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : The stimulus bill passed today -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- . The president signed it in Denver . Is it going to work ? Bill Clinton : I think it will do what it 's designed to do . And I think it 's important that the American people understand what it 's designed to do . It 's supposed to do three things . Number one , put money in people 's pockets who are in trouble now -- extended unemployment benefits , the modest tax cuts , increase in food stamps . That will help grocery stores and other businesses and keep Americans who are good , honest , hardworking people afloat . Watch Larry King 's interview with Bill Clinton " The second thing it 's supposed to do is give a chunk of money to state and local governments , primarily for education and health . That is designed to make sure that they do n't have to either have big tax increases or lay a million people off . Either one , in this economy , would be bad . The third thing it will do is to create jobs through existing road and bridge contracts , through rail improvements , through modernization and especially through clean energy and energy efficiency . So I think that given how fast it had to be done and the compromises that had to be made , it 's quite a good bill . And I think it will do what it 's designed to do . King : John McCain and others on the other side of the ledger are saying that he did n't come forward enough to the Republicans , he did n't make them part of this Easter basket . Clinton : Well , I disagree with that . I think the only way he could have gotten a lot of them to vote for him would be to accept their economic theory . Their economic theory is why we 're in this mess in the first place . King : Do you resent it when the Bush people say that this problem started with you , it started in your administration ? Clinton : Well , they do n't have much evidence for that . I always answer , does anyone seriously believe if the team I had in place had been in place for the last eight years that this would have happened ? And the answer to that is no . We had a much more vigorous regulatory environment with the Securities and Exchange Commission . We were watching these derivatives . I do think we should have done more on derivatives . King : Before we move on to other things , should taxpayers be bailing out the automakers ? Clinton : We do n't owe it to them . We should only do it if it 's in our interests . I believe it 's in our interests ... King : We keep hearing about Obama 's BlackBerry -- he 's got a special BlackBerry now that does n't have to be recorded into the White House . Do you have the number ? Clinton : No . No . King : Would you like the number ? Clinton : I know that in the world that exists today , if you 're hyper-busy , you need them . Hillary lives on hers . King : Do you have one ? Clinton : I do n't . I like being able to concentrate on what I 'm doing one thing at a time , you know . And I think if I had one , I 'm so hyper and always trying to do three things at once , I 'd be worse than he is or worse than she is . So I do n't have one . King : What 's Chelsea going to be ? Is she interested in government ? Clinton : Yes , she 's interested in government . She cares about public health . She thinks that America has still got a ways to go to develop an affordable , high quality health care system . And I think she wants to be a part of it . King : Sarah Palin , net plus , net gain ? Clinton : I think she was a net plus before the failure of Lehman Brothers and the collapse of the stock market , because she gave  McCain  credibility on the Republican right . Through no fault of her own , she became a negative on September 15th , because nobody on their team had any economic experience , and the burden against the Republicans was overwhelming . King : What do you make of President Obama ? I mean , for a while I know that you were down and dirty tough when Hillary was running . And that was a pretty rough campaign , a very close campaign . What do you make of him now ? Clinton : Well , I always had a great respect for his abilities . Those have been confirmed by the way he 's conducted himself in the transition and in these early weeks . I think he is very smart . And I think he wants right things for America . And I think he 's made good people decisions and good policy decisions . King : Can he try to live like a normal person -- going home to Chicago , kids go to school , he helps take them to school , plays basketball , goes out to public restaurants ? Can you keep that up ? Clinton : I think so . I did quite a bit of it and I wish I had done even more . King : What would you recommend or say or advise George W. Bush about being a former president ? There are n't many of you . Clinton : Well , first I would advise him to make his own decisions with Laura about how they want to spend both the next five years and then the rest of his life . You have to assume he 'll live 20 to 25 more years , and he seems to be in very good health . And I think he should just look at this as a whole new phase of his life . King : You opened the second Clinton Global Initiative University conference this past weekend and also a thousand students attended . How do you see the younger generation responding the global challenges , especially in these economic times ? Clinton : There is a very large number of them who are doing astonishing things . For example , one young woman decided that she 's going to go around and collect all the kitchen grease from all the dining halls and then nearby eateries and then use it to make biodiesels , to run cars and lawn mowers and generators . King : For all the years we 've known each other , it never gets dull . Clinton : Thank you .	Bill Clinton talks in wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Larry King Republican economic theories created current economic crisis , Clinton says Clinton on Obama : ' I always had a great respect for his abilities ' No , Clinton does n't have access to Obama 's BlackBerry
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Latin America 's first same-sex marriage , set to be held in Argentina on Tuesday , appeared derailed after a judge filed an injunction to stop the union until the issue can be reviewed further . Judge Marta Gomez Alsina 's ruling blocks an earlier holding by another judge that found city laws banning same-sex marriage unconstitutional , the court said in a statement . Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello had planned to make their marriage official at a civil ceremony and chose December 1 because it is World AIDS Day . The registrar responsible for the civil marriages in Buenos Aires has been notified of the ruling , the court said . The couple would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , the official Telam news agency reported . "  We 're continuing with the preparations because we , as planners , nor the couple itself , have not been notified " of the injunction , said Maria Rachid , president of the Argentine Federation for Lesbians , Gays , Bisexuals and Transsexuals , according to the news agency . Gomez Alsina 's injunction could not overturn the earlier ruling because she is a trial-level judge and not an appellate judge , Rachid said . The original ruling was made on November 10 by another trial-level judge , Gabriela Seijas , who responded to a petition made by Freyre and di Bello . Seijas ruled that the ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one . The court 's decision applied only to Buenos Aires . Same-sex unions in most of Argentina remain illegal . "  The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person 's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them , " Seijas said in her ruling . Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said after the ruling that his government would not appeal the decision . Monday 's ruling was a temporary measure to postpone the marriage until Seijas ' original ruling could be reviewed in depth , presumably by an appeals court or the supreme court , the court statement said Countries in Latin America , a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church , have recently given more attention to gay rights . In September Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex adoption . Brazil , Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions .	Freyre and Di Bello 's marriage was to coincide with World AIDS Day on Tuesday They would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , Telam reported Original ruling was that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal Court : Injunction is temporary measure to postpone marriage pending review of original ruling
Suntech Power Holdings , which was until recently the world 's largest producer of solar panels , has said its main subsidiary in China is bankrupt , in a further stark illustration of the declining fortunes of the global solar industry . Suntech 's Wuxi subsidiary is the first big Chinese solar group to declare insolvency and the world 's biggest such bankruptcy , following a string of failed western solar companies including Q-Cells in Germany and Solyndra in the US . "  What the Suntech case shows us is that the Chinese companies are not too big to fail , " said Jenny Chase , head of solar analysis at Bloomberg New Energy Finance . "  We are entering a period of great difficulty for Chinese solar manufacturers . " China is the world 's biggest producer of solar panels , but the sector is suffering from overcapacity after rapid expansion fuelled by cheap loans and preferential government policies . US-listed Suntech was the posterchild of the country 's swift entry into , and then dominance of , the market . It announced on Wednesday that eight Chinese banks had filed a petition for insolvency and restructuring of Wuxi Suntech in a court in Jiangsu province . The bankruptcy is a milestone because , until now , China 's larger struggling solar companies have been kept afloat by cheap credit and indirect state support . Suntech defaulted last week on a $ 541m convertible bond issued by its Cayman Islands subsidiary , which triggered cross-defaults on other loans outstanding . According to the company 's most recent reports , Suntech 's net debt stood at $ 1.6 bn at the end of March 2012 . The case is set to be a big test of China 's new bankruptcy law , which came into effect in 2007 but has rarely been applied to overseas-listed companies with assets in China . It will be complicated by the fact that neither the US-listed entity , Suntech Power Holdings , nor any subsidiaries other than Wuxi are declaring insolvency . "  It 's going to be a test of what , exactly , do the US entities and the Cayman entities really own ? " said one Singapore-based analyst who asked not to be named . Under Chinese law , the courts will have six months to come up with a restructuring plan that is then presented to creditors , with the possibility of an additional three-month extension . Bankruptcy specialist Han Chuanhua , a partner at the Zhongzi Law Office in Beijing , said : "  It is rare for such a big company to get into bankruptcy proceedings , even though many companies can not pay off their debts . " He cited local government bailouts , and creditor reluctance , as two main reasons why insolvent Chinese companies avoid bankruptcy . The government of Wuxi , the city where Suntech is headquartered , has come to Suntech 's aid in the past -- and appears to be taking an even more active role in the company with the appointment earlier this week of a new president , Zhou Weiping , who previously worked for the government-backed Wuxi Guolian Development Co. . Mr Han said the co-ordinated action of the eight banks suggested the local government had given its blessing to the proceedings . "  Without government support , even if creditors file a petition , the court would n't accept it , " he explained . David King , Suntech 's chief executive , said : "  While we evaluate restructuring initiatives and strategic alternatives , we are committed to continuing to provide high-quality solar products to our global customer base . "	Suntech Power Holdings has said its main subsidiary in China is bankrupt Until recently Suntech was the world 's largest producer of solar panels Stark illustration of the declining fortunes of the global solar industry
CNN  -- Commentators usually make too much of presidential debates . Social science data consistently show that there are very few presidential debates that make a huge difference in the dynamics of a campaign -- other than a few exceptions where the race was incredibly narrow , as in 1960 or 2000 , and the performance of candidates had some impact . Regardless of whether they are game-changers , the presidential debates are still an important part of the broader narrative about each candidate that voters evaluate when they step into the voting booth in November . More important than doing well is avoiding mistakes . Particularly in the current age of YouTube and nightly political news comedy , any slip-up can become fodder for the 24-hour news cycle . The last thing that a candidate wants to do is provide material for the "  Saturday Night Live " comedy writers who are eagerly preparing for the next show . The mistakes the presidential candidates have made over the years are numerous . Poor body language has been a common blunder . As much as candidates focus on perfecting the substance of what they say before the cameras , a large number of Americans are really most interested to see how they say it . In 1960 , the sweat on Vice President Richard Nixon 's brow , his pale skin , and his darting eyes conveyed the image of a politician who could not be fully trusted . Debate coach : Obama , Romney are top performers In 1992 , President George H.W. Bush 's decision to glance at his watch while someone asked a question during a town hall meeting with Bill Clinton played into the image that he had little interest or patience with Americans struggling through the recession . Vice President Al Gore 's continual sighs during his 2000 debate against George W. Bush conveyed a level of arrogance that made him more difficult to like . In another odd moment , Gore walked right up to Bush as he answered a question , looking like a schoolyard bully trying to stare down his opponent as he spoke . Looks are important , but so are words . The way in which candidates package their ideas can matter very much . Though there is always a temptation for candidates to prove that they know their stuff , sometimes too many words can be deadly . In 1980 , President Jimmy Carter provided a lengthy and substantive response when asked about health insurance . Ronald Reagan simply turned to him and said , "  There you go again ! " Reagan used just those few words to raise questions about whether Carter , with all his knowledge , really knew what he was talking about and whether he could be trusted . In 1984 , Reagan 's scattered response to a question , where he seemed to have trouble keeping his thoughts together and articulating an answer , raised questions about whether he was too old to be president . Reagan recovered , however , turning the tables on his opponent , Walter Mondale , in the following debate , when he said , "  I want you to know that also I will not make age an issue of this campaign . I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience . " The manner in which candidates respond often tells voters a lot about the personality of a candidate . In 1988 , Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis answered with clinical detachment when CNN 's Bernard Shaw asked whether he would support the death penalty for someone who raped and killed his wife . "  No , I do n't , Bernard , and I think you know that I 've opposed the death penalty during all of my life . I do n't see any evidence that it 's a deterrent and I think there are more effective ways to deal with violent crime . " As he reiterated his opposition to the death penalty , Dukakis seemed to miss the fact that the panel wanted to see him wrestle with this difficult choice . The cold response conveyed the image of a politician who lacked warmth or passion . Opinion : When candidates said ` no ' to debates Verbal gaffes also have the capacity to turn a debate into a major campaign headache . Before his 1976 debate against Carter , President Gerald Ford eagerly prepared to respond to criticism , coming from the right and the left , that his policy of detente with the Soviet Union meant that he had essentially accepted the permanence of Communism . When Ford responded to a question by saying that there was "  no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe , and there never will be under a Ford administration , " he meant to say that he did n't accept its legitimacy , nor did the people living under Communist rule . When questioned by a stunned reporter , Ford simply repeated his statement . Not missing a beat , Carter pounced on the statement to raise questions about whether Ford was capable of handling the duties of the office . Presidential debates are full of land mines for the candidates . Even in an age where everything in politics is so scripted and overprepared , the televised debates remain an event where many mistakes are bound to be made . With the television cameras focused on everything the candidate does , and the political-analysis-industrial complex ready to pounced on every word and motion , President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , particularly with the race still so close , must enter with caution and be cognizant of how many of their predecessors have stumbled in this arena . For Obama , the challenge will be one of appearance , to convey the impression of strong leadership that his critics say he lacks and that independents are still trying to evaluate . For Romney , he 'll need to avoid the kinds of gaffes that have gotten him into repeated trouble and show , through his answers and demeanor , that he is not simply a creature of America 's one percent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Top priority for candidates in debates is to avoid mistakes He says gaffes have the potential to change how voters view a candidate Candidates are viewed not only for what they say but for their body language , he says Zelizer : Obama , Romney will be under a microscope Wednesday night when the debates begin
An Egyptian court sentenced at least 528 supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood to death Monday on charges related to violent riots in the southern Egyptian city of Minya last August , including the murder of a police officer , the country 's official news agency said . The riots took place after a deadly crackdown by security forces on two large sit-ins in Cairo , where demonstrators were supporting ousted President Mohammed Morsy . Will Egypt carry out sentence ? While the official MENA news agency reported 528 death sentences , other Egyptian media said 529 people were sentenced to death . The semiofficial Ahram Online news site said it was the largest set of death sentences handed to defendants in the modern history of Egypt . Not all of the defendants are in custody , according to EgyNews . The defendants can appeal their sentences . The court also acquitted at least 16 other defendants . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? Report : Egypt 's army-backed government resigns Five killed in clashes between Egyptian police , Muslim Brotherhood protesters	The charges are related to riots in the city of Minya last year The riots took place after security forces cracked down on protesters The defendants can appeal their sentences
CNN  -- Saudi Crown Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz , a hard-line conservative who is credited with pushing back al Qaeda , will be buried Sunday , a spokesman said . Nayef , who had been named crown prince in October by his brother the king , was heir to the Saudi throne . Saudi state TV , which reported his death Saturday , broadcast Quran readings as an expression of mourning for the prince , who died in Geneva , Switzerland . "  It is a shock . We all knew his health was frail but his death is a shock , " Saudi Foreign Ministry spokesman Osama Nogali told CNN . "  We still do n't know the reason behind his death . " The Saudi Press Agency published a statement from the Royal Court , saying it "  condoles the Saudi people on the deceased prince pray to God to bless his soul and to reward him for his services to his religion and homeland . " Nayef 's body will arrive in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , on Sunday and will be buried after afternoon prayer in Mecca , Nogali said . After the funeral , a period of mourning -- most likely for three days -- will be announced , a Saudi official told CNN . The official asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . U.S. President Barack Obama released a statement Saturday offering his condolences . "  Under his leadership , the United States and Saudi Arabia developed a strong and effective partnership in the fight against terrorism , one that has saved countless American and Saudi lives , " Obama said . He praised Nayef for supporting a broad partnership between Saudi Arabia and the United States . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden similarly offered his condolences , and hailed the former leader as an important ally in the fight against terror . It is expected that authorities selected by the king to choose a successor will meet as soon as the mourning period is over , the official said . A new crown prince could be named within the next three to four days , the source said . Nayef served as Saudi interior minister since 1975 , having overseen the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . He also served as deputy premier . A classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks described Nayef as a hard-line conservative who was lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives . Nayef led the crackdown against hard-line Islamists who took control of Mecca in 1979 , and also oversaw the smashing of Saudi-based al Qaeda cells in the mid-2000s . In recent years , his son , Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , has led the kingdom 's fight against al Qaeda as the elder Nayef seemed to have taken more of a backseat . On Saturday , the Bahrain state-run news agency announced three days of mourning in that country and ordered flags to be lowered to half-staff there and at its embassies abroad . Kuwait also announced a three-day mourning period . Years after 9/11 , Saudi Arabia slowly modernizing CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mohammed Jamjoom and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Obama praises Nayef for supporting strong U.S.-Saudi ties Nayef was heir to the Saudi throne He had served as interior minister since 1975
CNN  -- To watch Whitney Houston 's powerful "  home going " service on Saturday was to be reminded that she was a one-of-a-kind talent , with a divine instrument that even in death soared above all the other famous voices that gathered at the New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , New Jersey , to celebrate her . But sadly , Houston was a dime a dozen in another aspect of her life : her dependence on drugs and alcohol . As anyone who has struggled with it or had a loved one who did can tell you , addiction does not discriminate based on talent or fame or wealth or race . It 's an equal-opportunity curse and killer . I know , because I saw my father , another groundbreaking black talent of his time , brought low by it , a tragic story of brilliance and decline and the pain it can inflict on children and family that took me decades to find the strength to tell . Read more about addiction In the media , celebrity and addiction is all too often served up only as a tabloid cocktail of scandal and gossip . But in the wake of Houston 's death , we at CNN have decided to pay one last tribute to her by devoting this week to a series of In Depth stories and discussions about what can be done to fight the scourge of addiction . We start with Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . In appearances on "  Starting Point " with Soledad O'Brien and our daytime "  CNN Newsroom " shows , he will examine the latest breakthroughs in the brain science and biology of addiction and how they have given rise to promising new anti-substance abuse drugs . Throughout the week , Dr. Drew Pinsky will share his wisdom about the keys to beating addiction and the lessons of Whitney Houston 's fall on his own prime-time show on our sister network , HLN . Celebrities and prescription drug addiction We will hear from former addicts about how they turned their lives around , including TV sports anchor Pat O'Brien , who is sitting down with Piers Morgan , and ex-NBA great Chris Herren , who is talking to Brooke Baldwin . We will also air a series of stories about the fastest growing form of addiction in America : prescription drugs , from "  gateway pills " like Adderall to heavy duty painkillers like Vicodin and Oxycontin . As Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr reports , the U.S. military this month announced it would start testing troops for hydrocodone  the base of Vicodin  and benzodiazepine , the key ingredient in Valium . When the military , usually the institutional gold standard in dealing with medical and psychological issues , goes that far , you know we have an epidemic on our hands . Abuse of legal drugs is also an increasing source of accidental deaths , a subject that our medical team plans to follow up on in the coming months . None of us needs to wait for Whitney Houston 's toxicology reports to know that more needs to be done to combat the evils that took her from us so soon , or that we all have a responsibility to join the fight .	In an in depth series of reports this week , CNN looks at addiction Whitney Houston 's troubled life and death has led to the stories CNN anchors , experts , will examine what can be done to fight addiction
New York  CNN  -- Northeast Florida State Attorney Angela Corey has made it clear that she alone will decide whether George Zimmerman will be charged in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman 's attorneys termed as "  courageous " her decision not to present evidence to the grand jury that the original prosecutor , Norman Wolfinger , scheduled to convene on April 10 . The Trayvon Martin family was also pleased that Corey would make the charging decision . But the question remains , will George Zimmerman be charged ? Tuesday , in a bizarre development , George Zimmerman 's attorneys , Hal Uhrig and Craig Sonner , during a news conference held in front of the Seminole County Courthouse , announced that they had withdrawn from his representation . They said they had lost contact with their client over the previous two days and revealed Zimmerman 's unusual behavior -- including phone calls to Fox News host Sean Hannity and the special prosecutor , Corey . The attorneys also said that they are concerned with Zimmerman 's emotional and physical well-being and even suggested that he may be suffering from PTSD  post traumatic stress disorder  . In short , they said that their client had gone rogue . Clients fire attorneys every day , for no reason or any reason . And attorneys withdraw from cases around the country daily . But it is rarely done so publicly and with so much information divulged about the inner workings of the lawyer-client relationship . Rogue clients that are potential defendants spook prosecutors . It can be a nightmare to try to locate and arrest a fleeing defendant . Remember Joran Van Der Sloot . Not surprisingly , within hours of the now-infamous withdrawal , Corey issued a statement saying she would be holding her own news conference within 72 hours "  to release new information regarding the Trayvon Martin shooting death investigation . " Many suspect that the announcement that Zimmerman had gone rogue forced the special prosecutor 's hand . By all accounts though , Angela Corey is a seasoned career prosecutor who does n't bend to public opinion or political pressure . During her 25 years as an assistant state attorney , Corey tried hundreds of cases , including more than 50 homicides . During her three-year-plus as state attorney of the 4th Judicial Circuit , Jacksonville 's Duval County jail has seen an increase in the population , despite a drop in crime in the city . Some say this is a direct result of her aggressive prosecutorial bent . But her career has n't been without controversy . Recently she came under intense fire for charging 12-year-old Cristian Fernandez as an adult in the killing of his 2-year-old brother , making Christian the youngest person in Florida ever to be charged as an adult . Corey , a devout Episcopalian , references her faith in discussing her cases , which some would say is a no-no for a prosecutor . In a written statement she provided in response to her detractors about the Fernandez case , Corey defended her decision to charge Fernandez as an adult by stating , "  We are blessed in the 4th Circuit to have a great working relationship with ... public defenders , " and "  We asked for prayers for our two-year-old victim , David , and for Cristian Fernandez . " In discussing the investigation into the shooting death of Martin she said , "  What we are asking people to do is take a step back . Pray for Trayvon . Pray for his family . Listen to their words . I believe these are wonderful people who are asking for a peaceful approach to this case , while still demanding the answers they deserve . And I look forward to meeting with them to try to help them on this journey . Our victims always have a tough plight . " If she files charges against Zimmerman , it would be wise not to "  overcharge " the case . Corey needs to be able to prove her case beyond a reasonable doubt . To prove manslaughter in Florida , Corey 's team would have to prove that Zimmerman 's acts caused Martin 's death . Manslaughter would not be difficult to prove but for Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . Florida 's law states that a person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force ... to prevent death or great bodily harm . So even if Zimmerman killed Martin , he was justified in doing so if he believed he was in danger of being killed himself or of suffering great bodily harm . It seems the Sanford Police certainly believed Zimmerman 's claims . But there is an exception . If Zimmerman was the initial aggressor , he can not avail himself of the protection of the "  stand your ground " law . Former Florida State Rep. Dennis Baxley , the co-sponsor of the law , told me by phone that the law does n't apply to Zimmerman if he pursued Martin and was the initial aggressor . And he is right . Florida 's statute makes it clear that the justification is not available to a person who initially provokes the use of force against himself , unless such force is so great that the person reasonably believes that he is in imminent danger of death or great bodily harm and that he has exhausted every reasonable means to escape . And that is what this case ultimately boils down to -- who started the fight . And the answer to that question is far from clear . Martin left the home of his father 's fiancee on February 26 to buy skittles and an ice tea . He was unarmed . Zimmerman left his home to go to Target and was carrying a concealed weapon for which he had a permit . Martin was 17 years old , Zimmerman , 28 . The police report describes Martin as 6 feet tall and 160 pounds and lists Zimmerman as 5-foot-9 . Zimmerman sees Martin , deems him "  suspicious " and calls the police . Zimmerman tells the dispatcher he is following Martin . The dispatcher tells Zimmerman "  we do n't need you to do that . " Martin notices Zimmerman is following him and tells his girlfriend , Dee Dee , with whom he is on the phone . She tells him to run , and he agrees to walk quickly . Zimmerman says that he returns to his parked SUV and is attacked suddenly by Martin . Dee Dee hears someone ask Martin why he is there . Martin asks Zimmerman why he is following him . Dee Dee believes she hears Martin being tackled . Witnesses say they heard angry words , heard someone crying for help  many explain it sounded like the voice of a younger person  and then a single gunshot . The screams for help stop . Three witnesses saw Zimmerman straddling Martin in the grass . The incident happens 70 yards from the home Martin was walking to , not near Zimmerman 's SUV . Martin is found dead , laying on his stomach . Zimmerman is bleeding from his nose and the back of his head and has stains on the back of his jacket . Zimmerman is n't tested for drug or alcohol consumption and is allowed to leave the police station with the clothes he was wearing that night . A tenet of our legal system is that when there is conflicting evidence , let a jury decide . I believe in our jury system . Let them decide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sunny Hostin .	Sunny Hostin : The state attorney has made it clear that she alone will decide on charges She says the public withdrawal by lawyers representing George Zimmerman was strange Hostin : Zimmerman 's actions may not have been covered by the "  stand your ground " law She says she believes in the jury system ; it makes sense to let a jury decide
CNN  -- Inter Milan kept their seven-point lead at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 win over Fiorentina in the San Siro in Sunday 's late match in Italy . Ibrahimovic powers home a 30-meter free-kick in stoppage time at the San Siro . Inter showed no signs of their Champions League disappointment at Manchester United as Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic struck in each half . Ibrahimovic scored the opener after 11 minutes but Inter had to survive some nervous moments against a committed away side before he sealed victory in stoppage time with a thumping free-kick . Title rivals Juventus had won 4-1 at Bologna on Saturday evening to put the pressure on Jose Mourinho 's men . Inter 's arch-rivals AC Milan also enjoyed an important win on Sunday with a 5-1 thrashing of Siena to stay third . Veteran striker Filippo Inzaghi scored twice , including his 300th career goal in the away victory . David Beckham , who shrugged off an injury to play , set up Inzaghi for his first goal and the side 's second . Andrea Pirlo scored the opener from the penalty spot , while Alexander Pato also netted twice , as Milan proved too strong for their opponents -- for whom Massimo Maccarone was on target . Roma lost further ground in the race for the fourth Champions League place as they were held to a 2-2 draw at Sampdoria . Julio Baptista gave the visitors a seventh-minute lead but Giampaolo Pazzini headed home an equalizer before the same player put the home side ahead after a mistake from goalkeeper Doni . But Baptista leveled from the spot after Marco Padalino was penalized for fouling Max Tonetto -- the player who missed the decisive spot-kick in the midweek Champions League defeat by Arsenal .	Inter Milan defeat Fiorentina 2-0 to re-open seven point lead in Serie A table Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores twice for the leaders at the San Siro Filippo Inzaghi reaches 300 career goals to help AC Milan hammer Siena 5-1
CNN  -- The term "  software engineer " conjures images of pasty-faced young men with poor posture and limited social skills . And people think fashion models are all beauty and no brains . At least , those are the stereotypes . So what will the world make of Lyndsey Scott , a model for Prada and Victoria 's Secret , who spends her spare time building mobile apps ? The 29-year-old has appeared in major magazines like Harper 's Bazaar , W and British Vogue , but seems more proud of getting her iPhone and iPad apps approved by Apple . "  With modeling , you never have control over anything , " Scott told CNN . "  So being able to have complete power with these apps I develop is very fulfilling . " Scott has built several apps for iOS platforms . Two are currently sold in the Apple store , and she 's preparing to release a social networking app in coming weeks . Before the self-taught programmer began modeling for high-end designers like Louis Vuitton , Prada , Gucci , Fendi and Vera Wang , she was an undiscovered New Jersey teen who loved playing calculator games . In high school , she taught herself the software documentation and quickly learned how to program on her TI-89 calculator . "  I did n't realize I was even coding at that point , " Scott said . "  I first got into it just to make fun games and entertain myself . " Her game-coding skills did n't score her many points with her classmates , however . The 5-foot-9-inch model said she was a late bloomer and that growing up "  is still hard to talk about " because of the bullying and taunting she endured . "  It got so bad in high school I could n't even look people in the face , " Scott said . "  I would hide out in school so I would n't have to eat lunch in the cafeteria or see people in between classes . " At Amherst College , Scott learned coding languages Java , C++ and MIPS while majoring in theater and computer science . But instead of pursuing a programming career , she plunged into modeling . She got her big modeling break in 2009 when she became the first African-American to land an exclusive contract with Calvin Klein for New York Fashion Week . "  It happened at a time when there was no interest in me as a model , " she said . "  I always dreamed of it , but I was n't expecting it at all . I was beyond surprised . " That same year Scott was chosen for one of the year 's most coveted fashion shows : Victoria 's Secret . She said she was "  shocked and honored " to join a lineup of supermodels including Heidi Klum , Miranda Kerr and Alessandra Ambrosio . Meanwhile , she continued challenging expectations by teaching herself how to program Python and Objective-C . "  I think a lot of models thought I was strange having a computer on my lap in the middle of a casting line , " Scott said . "  I never really talked about programming in the modeling business . I kept the worlds very divided . " Scott 's first iOS app was a charity-based project aimed at helping young scholars in Uganda . The app , Educate ! , finds sponsors for Ugandan students and guides them toward becoming leaders and entrepreneurs . "  I learned about Educate ! in college . It was an organization founded by two Amherst students . When I found out that Uganda has the youngest population in the world and the highest youth poverty rate , I wanted to get involved , " she said . "  It was rejected  by Apple  a few times . I had a big battle with Apple , going back and forth , so it was a huge relief when it finally passed . " She has since developed several more applications , including iPort , which helps models and other creative types organize their professional portfolios on an iPad . "  I noticed so many models were using iPads to show casting directors their work , but it looked messy and did n't have a nice interface , " Scott said . "  So I made iPort as similar functionally as an actual portfolio but much more convenient . " Her brother , Matthew , is one of her biggest fans . "  Lyndsey is a mix of Bill Gates and Giselle  Bundchen  , " said Matthew Scott . "  She combines her passion for modeling and passion of coding to help improve our world . " Last month , Scott visited a middle school in New York City 's Harlem neighborhood to speak with students interested in computer programming . "  We have this idea of people in technology being and looking a certain way , " she said . "  That stereotype is destructive , and I think that 's part of the reason why female and minority programmers are so few . " Scott said computer coding has now become a second professional life for her . She has plans for many more apps , and wants to learn coding for Android as well . The young dual-career woman would never have called herself a nerd while growing up because she saw it as a hurtful word at the time . "  But now that I 'm older , if it means being smart and having interests like computer science , then I have no problem being a nerd , " she said .	Lyndsey Scott models for Prada , Victoria 's Secret , Calvin Klein She studied computer science in college and has built several apps for iOS platforms Scott : "  We have this idea of people in technology being and looking a certain way "
CNN  -- The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is battling a large grass fire in the marshlands of Jefferson County , Texas , an agency official told CNN on Tuesday . The fire began Monday afternoon about 12 miles west of Sabine Pass and about 200 yards from the Intracoastal Waterway , Jim Stockie , spokesman for the fish and wildlife service said . He estimated the area burned by Tuesday afternoon to be between 10,000 and 12,000 acres , but he said the fire was not threatening any structures . Smoke from the blaze was drifting into the Houston/Galveston area more than 100 miles from the fire . Just a dozen firefighters were working the blaze , Stockie said . "  We do n't like to put firefighters out in a sea of grass . We retreat to levies and burn off the fuel , " Stockie said . Texas has suffered its worst fire season in state history with more than 3.5 million acres burned , according to state officials . In October , the Bastrop Complex Fire torched more than 1,500 homes and 34,000 acres of land north of Austin before officials were able to contain it , the Texas Fire Service said . An unusual La Nina weather pattern led to a nearly 11-month fire season in the state , fire service spokeswoman April Saginor said . A survey released last month by the Texas Forest Service estimated between 100 million and 500 million trees , or 2 % to 10 % of the state 's 4.9 billion trees , were killed by the severe drought and consequent fires . The dry spell that began in 2010 was the worst the state has seen since 1895 , Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst has said . The drought conditions also caused concern for the state 's water supply , especially in smaller towns . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	The fire began Monday afternoon Smoke has drifted to the Houston/Galveston area 100 miles away No structures are threatened ; only a dozen firefighters are working the blaze "  We do n't like to put firefighters out in a sea of grass , " says an official
CNN  -- In 1965 Bill Cosby made TV history and changed the face of television . He co-starred in NBC 's "  I Spy , " becoming the first African-American male to star in a prime-time network drama -- and won three Emmys doing it . In 1984 , two decades later , Cosby made another pioneering TV achievement , reviving the then-dormant sitcom form by starring as the patriarch of a loving family called the Huxtables . The Cosby Show soon was TV 's No. 1 show , and helped make NBC television 's No. 1 network -- all while blasting another programming myth : That white viewers would n't embrace an all-black TV show . Now , 30 years after doctor and dad Cliff Huxtable , and almost 50 years after tennis trainer and secret agent Alexander Scott , NBC is returning to the Bill Cosby well one more time -- and hoping his stardom , fan base and legacy can bring some much-needed magic to broadcast television in the 21st century . The Deadline Hollywood website has reported that NBC and Cosby , partnered with producer Tom Werner  part owner of the company that produced "  The Cosby Show "  , have reached an agreement to produce a family sitcom starring Cosby . The question is , can lightning strike thrice ? Can Cosby make TV history yet again ? And is it even fair to expect or ask him to ? Remember , first of all , that not every Bill Cosby TV series has been a guaranteed hit . After "  I Spy , " Cosby scored big in the children 's television arena , with the animated "  Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids " and his playful appearances on "  The Electric Company " and "  Sesame Street . " But his prime-time series did n't always score as successes . His first NBC series after "  I Spy , " the 1969 sitcom "  The Bill Cosby Show , " showcased him as a high-school coach and phys ed teacher . It was a very smart series , and positioned Cosby 's Chet Kincaid in a strong position of authority , but it did n't catch on . His next series -- for CBS this time -- came in 1972 : a weekly variety series called "  The New Bill Cosby Show . " Its key ingredients , in addition to Cosby 's weekly comic monologues , included dancer-actress Lola Falana , pretend drunk Foster Brooks , and bandleader Quincy Jones . But this show , in an era when variety shows were as ubiquitous as reality shows are today , was gone after one season . 1976 's "  Cos , " for ABC , was a variety show aimed at youngsters . It lasted two months . Then came "  The Cosby Show , " eight seasons of which singlehandedly moved TV from the topical and raw comedy of Norman Lear 's sitcoms to an era in which television parents regained control , and family civility returned . After "  The Cosby Show " were more Cosby series , ones that never captured the same zeitgeist : NBC 's "  The Cosby Mysteries "  1994-95  , and CBS 's "  Cosby " sitcom  1996-2000 , re-teaming him with "  Cosby Show " TV spouse Phylicia Rashad  , and an "  Art Linkletter 's House Party " sequel of sorts : CBS 's "  Kids Say the Darndest Things "  1998-2000  , with Cosby interviewing children . In other words , over his TV career , Bill Cosby has hit as many singles and doubles as home runs . At 76 , does Cosby have another long-ball miracle in him ? My bet is that he can , indeed , do it again -- provided he swings for the fences , and that NBC does nothing to impede Cosby from following his instincts and doing precisely what he wants . The major warning flag , on NBC right now , is "  The Michael J. Fox Show , " which has returned another '80s NBC sitcom icon to television -- but not successfully , because the network seemed to think that merely signing Fox and bringing him back was enough . It is n't . You need the right role , the right writers and the right cast , and you have to put them all together at the right time . But Cosby , like a comedy locust , seems amazingly designed to surface every two or three decades and capture the imagination . In the right vehicle , he can do it again . His timing and his jokes were on full , hilarious display in last year 's Comedy Central standup special , whose title may prove prophetic : "  Bill Cosby : Far from Finished . " Can his humor still work today , when , as always , he avoids going "  blue " ? It certainly worked on Comedy Central . Blue , black -- Bill Cosby never has made color more of a priority than universality . If I were given a vote in designing Cosby 's 21st-century sitcom comeback vehicle , I 'd craft it as a dual home life/workplace vehicle , like the classic "  The Dick Van Dyke Show . " At home , let Cosby be the family grandpa , holding court over a loving , lively , extended family . But let him to go work beyond retirement age , too , as a tenured college professor or a veteran media pundit on a TV talk show . Either way , he 'd get to vent about current events , forgotten history and anything else the real William H. Cosby Ph.D. would care to bring to the viewing public via prime-time TV . Including , of course , his observations on family and other parts of his still-funny monologues . More than 50 years after he released his first comedy album , Bill Cosby is a very funny fellow . Right ? Riiiiiight ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli	David Bianculli : Bill Cosby made TV history with starring roles in "  I Spy , " "  The Cosby Show " He says there 's news he 'll be , at 76 , in a new TV show . Can lightning strike thrice ? He says despite Cosby 's two ground-breaking shows , he 's had quite a few that have failed Bianculli : He can score again , but only if NBC lets him swing for fences . He 's still hilarious
LG Electronics was estqablished in 1958 as Goldstar , and produced some of Korea 's first radios , TVs , refrigerators , washing machines and air conditioners through the 1960s . Today the company employs more than 82,000 people working in over 110 operations including 81 subsidiaries around the world . LG Electronics is comprized of four business units - Mobile Communications , Digital Appliance , Digital Display and Digital Media . In 2006 global sales for the whole company totalled $ 38.5 billion . LG is the world 's leading producer of CDMA/GSM handsets , air conditioners , front-loading washing machines , optical storage products , DVD players , flat panel TVs and home theater systems . E-mail to a friend	LG Electronics was founded in 1958 , producing Korea 's first TVs and radios Today the company employs more than 82,000 peoplethroughout the world
Budget Travel  -- Looking for cheap airfares for your big trip abroad but suffering from search fatigue ? When all else fails , try one of these tested strategies . Even if you 've packed your bags , being flexible on departure dates could save you money . Strategy No. 1 : Start your search at Kayak.com We find that meta-search site Kayak is the all-time best place for scoring the cheapest plane tickets . Our biggest beef with Kayak 's competitors is that , when you click to book a fare , you 're typically directed to a new page . Sometimes it 's only then that you find out your actual departure time . Or worse , you 're forced to plug in your dates and departure cities all over again , only to discover more-expensive fares . Kayak stands apart . Once you 've found a good flight , click on the price and you 'll be sent directly to the airline 's Web site , where the exact price for the exact flight you selected unfailingly appears . Strategy No. 2 : Use fare-history charts It 's the classic dilemma : Should you buy the best fare you see today or wait because the price might go down ? Here 's how to come up with an educated guess . Use Kayak to fetch fares for your itinerary and then click on "  Show chart of fare history , " which is a link near the top left-hand corner of the search results . If the chart says that the average fare for your route is much higher than the fare you 're seeing today , then you should probably book the ticket because it 's cheap relative to historic prices . Strategy No. 3 : Monitor fares and be ready to jump Plug in your dates and routes , as well as a price threshold , at a fare-tracking service , such as Yapta or Hotwire 's TripWatcher . Each site will ask you to join  free  , and then will do several price searches per day . You 'll receive an e-mail alert as soon as the flight drops to your specified price . To name your "  trigger " price , look at Kayak 's fare-history chart to see the lowest fare recorded for this route , and use an amount close to that as your baseline . Yapta is the industry leader for tracking fares -- even Google incorporates Yapta 's data in its search results . Hotwire 's TripWatcher is also excellent , allowing you to program automatic searches of your chosen route over a 60-day window  which is a nice perk and increases the chances you 'll find a bargain fare as long as you can be flexible in your travel dates  . There is a catch , though : While both sites cover popular routes , neither covers the entire world . Strategy No. 4 : Run a flexible-date search You may save hundreds of dollars by moving your departure or arrival dates by a day or two , either earlier or later . To see how much you might save , we recommend you take Kayak 's flexible-date search tool for a spin -- it covers the broadest range of routes and airports of the competing tools we tested . In our trials , Expedia 's flexible search came up with only the most popular routes , so your route may not qualify . Orbitz 's flexible-date calendar gave a nice overview of fares on various days , but departure times were not initially shown . Travelocity provided a few different ways to search flexibly -- either within a few days of a selected date , or over selected months -- but like Orbitz it failed to show dates and departure times right away . Finally , relative newcomer Trax.com 's flexible search tool lacked a "  search nearby airports " feature , which meant it gave you fares from major airports , but missed cheaper fares departing nearby . In short , Kayak is your best bet for a flexible-date search . Strategy No. 5 : Book two tickets instead of one You may save hundreds of dollars if you split your international journey into different legs and buy separate tickets for each leg . For example , rather than buy a single ticket for direct flights between Chicago and Barcelona for $ 1,000 , you may be able to buy two tickets -- one for a round-trip ticket between Chicago and New York City for $ 200 and another for a round-trip ticket between New York City and Barcelona for $ 600 -- and save about $ 200 . The quickest way to figure out if you can save by booking two tickets is to figure out if there is a hub airport that funnels most American travelers to your overseas destination . Then , look into reserving separate tickets to and from that hub . For instance , Miami is the hub for flights to most destinations in South America and the Caribbean , meaning that a majority of Americans flying southward internationally pass through Miami 's airport instead of , say , either Houston or Atlanta . Another hub airport is Los Angeles ' LAX , which is the main funnel for people heading to Australia , the South Pacific , and Asia . New York City 's airports are common layover spots for most of the planes crossing the Atlantic to Europe and points beyond . We recently tested this approach for a round-trip between Houston and Sydney . Our initial searches on a few travel Web sites did n't turn up any nonstop flights between the two cities , but we did find multi-stop tickets . Delta 's best fare between Houston and Sydney in November was $ 1,012 , with a stop in Los Angeles . That caught our eye . If there 's a large number of flights to Australia passing through L.A. , then the City of Angels might offer bargain direct flights to Down Under -- because the greater volume of flights often prompts a greater number of fare sales . So we checked out fares between L.A. and Sydney . It turns out they started at $ 652 . Next , we did a quick search for round-trip airfares on flights between Houston and Los Angeles . We found flights for $ 252 , bringing our two-flight total to $ 904 -- for a savings of 11 percent over Delta 's flight for $ 1,012 . If you decide to book two tickets on two different airlines , be sure to allow extra time to make your connections , and consider buying good travel insurance to make sure you 're covered in the event of a problem . You can save money on insurance policies by buying them directly from an insurer , such as industry giant TravelGuard , rather than through a middleman , who will charge a marked-up price . Strategy No. 6 : Shift your trip to another month When all else fails and you just ca n't get the fare you want , think about off-season travel . In a guidebook , look up your destination 's high  or peak  season , low season , and in-between  or "  shoulder "  season . Then travel at a time when your destination is less crowded -- and travel costs are correspondingly lower . But do n't get rained on : before you opt for a cheaper season , you 'll want to know about the average weather , so search your guidebook  or a site like weather.com  for monthly trends . Web searches on sample itineraries will also reveal which months are cheaper to visit your destination . For instance , we recently discovered that fares from Houston to Australia were as much as $ 800 lower in November than in January . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	There are several ways to search for flights to find cheaper fares Use the fare-history chart on Kayak.com to see how a given fare rates Run a flexible date search to find out if you can save a lot at different times Separate trip into different legs and buy separate tickets
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Sala saunters in the red soil , her wrinkled skin glistening in the sun as she tries to keep up with the rest of the herd . It is hard to believe the 6-week-old , dwarfed by her human keeper , will grow up to be one of nature 's biggest beasts . Until then , she lives at a Nairobi orphanage that takes in baby elephants struggling to survive . There , she walks around in the lush wilderness with her peers , drinks soy milk and waves her trunk playfully as her keeper applies sunscreen on her delicate skin . A red garment tied around her back keeps it safe from the sun 's glare . Sala is one of scores of animals orphaned by drought , poaching and shrinking habitats , which have decimated wildlife across Kenya . The baby elephant was found wandering , alone and confused , after her mother died of starvation , her caretaker said . Conservation groups such as the David Sheldrick Foundation , where Sala is , have seen an influx of wildlife . The foundation takes in orphaned elephants and rhinos from across the country , a popular tourist destination because of its animals . "  You know if a human child came in need of care , you would n't put a bullet in or turn it away , " said Daphne Sheldrick of the foundation . "  Elephants are the same . ... Whatever comes in , we have to make space . " The facility has more than 20 elephants in Nairobi and more at another center in Tsavo National Park , where they are also rehabilitated . Kenya depends on tourism as a main source of income . Sala taps into that to help earn the $ 900 monthly cost for her upkeep . She slushes and slides in a mud bath for throngs of tourists and uses her trunk to nudge the only other person she dwarfs -- a squirming toddler . Sala and the other animals will be released back into the wilderness when they are old enough , which takes years . Long after they are gone , their caretakers will still worry about the fragile animals they help nurture . "  After working with these elephants , it 's no longer just a job , " said Edwin Lusichi , the chief keeper . "  It is from inside your heart , the love that you have for these animals . "	Conservation groups have seen an influx of wildlife Scores of animals are orphaned by drought , poaching and shrinking habitats David Sheldrick Foundation makes room for all the elephants that come its way
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- An explosion killed at least two people Monday in a city in southern Thailand , a police official who is familiar with the investigation said . The blast occurred around 6 p.m.  6 a.m. ET  in a market in Muang District , which is the main city of Narathiwat Province , said the police official , who declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . The explosion happened at the market 's busiest time of the day . Initial reports indicate two people were killed and nine hurt , the official said . The explosion happened as Malaysia 's prime minister is to begin a three-day trip to southern Thailand , where a Muslim insurgency has caused violence for years . The Narathiwat province is one of three Muslim provinces in southern Thailand , a predominantly Buddhist country .	Blast occurred in a market in Muang District , the main city of Narathiwat Province The explosion happened at the market 's busiest time of the day Muslim insurgency has caused violence for years in southern Thailand 's Narathiwat province
The UK economy has shaken off the European crisis with growth figures that outshine its G7 peers . It is expected to grow 3.1 % this year , according to a forecast by the prestigious EY ITEM Club , above earlier expectations of 2.9 % . The growth is well above that expected of Germany , Europe 's biggest economy and one which dragged the bloc out of crisis , at 1.8 % . "  We have moved from the recovery phase to expansion . And furthermore , it 's looking very durable , " said Peter Spencer , professor of Economics and Finance at University of York and chief economic adviser to the ITEM Club . Figures released Friday show the British economy passing the pre-crisis peak from 2008 , with second quarter of growth of 0.8 % . Spencer said the growth is no longer financed by people tapping into their savings -- as was the case this time last year -- but by business expansion and a stronger labor market . Business spending is on the rise , meaning companies are investing into production rather than sitting on cash . Business investment by itself now generates more than half of the UK 's growth . The government is trumpeting a record-high employment -- 73.1 % of people were in work in the three months to May , matching up the previous record-high from 2004/2005 . But there is a catch . While record numbers of Brits are working , their wages are growing at the slowest rate on record -- and at about half of the inflation rate . That fuels another problem of the UK 's economy -- the chronic and rising inequality . Of all UK households , only the highest earning 20 % increased their disposable income last year . The remaining 80 % of households suffered a drop in their income , numbers released by the Office of National Statistics show . The Bank of England has also warned that the UK productivity has been "  extremely and uncharacteristically weak " since the recession . Productivity growth , which indicates if the economy can produce more for less , remains below the pre-crisis levels , at 16 % . Many economists are also warning the UK about a potential housing bubble . The average cost of a home in the UK is now 20 % above the pre-crisis peak in 2007 . The IMF has already warned the UK government that rising house prices and low productivity could hinder the economic growth and urged the country to put in place "  early measures " to prevent housing bubble . But Spencer told CNN the fears of a bubble were overblown . "  This is not driven by mortgage borrowing . In London for example , it 's mainly cash buying and overseas buyers , " he said , pointing to relatively flat mortgage borrowing . The UK is also vulnerable to shocks from outside . Half of the country 's international trade is with the European Union countries , many of which are still suffering from the consequences of the eurozone crisis . "  If Germany takes a hit , we 'll suffer too . If Germany does well , we 'll do well , like the rest of Europe , " Spencer said . Read more : How to tame your property bubble Read more : U.K. economy picks up paceRead more : Britain , Italy include drugs and sex in GDP	The UK economy expected to grow 3.1 % this year , according to the EY ITEM Club Employment is at record-high , but wages are growing at the slowest rate on record Many economists are also warning the UK about a potential housing bubble
CNN  -- Tender , loving vampires ? Look elsewhere than FX 's "  The Strain . " The new thriller series , produced by Guillermo del Toro , Carlton Cuse and author Chuck Hogan , wants to make bloodsuckers scary again . "  The vampire genre has sort of been overrun by romance , " Cuse told reporters on a press call . "  We had had our fill of vampires that we 're feeling sorry for because they had romantic problems . " Instead , "  The Strain 's " vampires lose their heart , their hair and their genital organs . When these vampires fully transition , there 's no mistaking them for the really pale guy in science class . For Cuse , that was the selling point for hopping aboard . "  The idea of sort of reimagining the vampires , going back to the roots of what vampires are -- that they are scary , dangerous creatures -- that was something that was incredibly compelling for me ; the idea that when you see these things , it 's not good . " An adaptation of Hogan and del Toro 's books , "  The Strain , " premiering Sunday , July 13 , begins with the mysterious deaths of passengers aboard an airplane that lands in New York . All but a few on the flight appear to be dead , and CDC epidemiologist Dr. Ephraim Goodweather  Corey Stoll  heads over to investigate with a few colleagues . But the wormy outbreak they 're examining is far more ancient and sinister then they realize -- and it is n't long before the horrific outbreak spreads . "  I 've been obsessed by vampires for a long , long time , since I was a very young kid , and a very strange kid , " del Toro said during the press call . "  I read about vampire mythology worldwide and I familiarized myself with the Japanese , Filipino , Malaysian and Eastern European variations on the vampire , and many , many others . And I kept very detailed notes as a kid on where to go with the vampire myth in terms of brutality , social structure  and  biology . Some of those notes made it into my first feature , ` Cronos . ' Some of them made it in ` Blade II ' when I directed that , and most of them made it into ` The Strain . ' " In del Toro 's world , the undead do not sparkle , do not brood and do not hesitate to take out someone they once loved . In fact , the first thing to go is their heart . "  The older that they stay alive , the more they lose their humanity , " del Toro explained . "  They start literally by losing their heart ; their heart is suffocated by a vampire heart that overtakes the functions . This was important metaphorically for me because the beacon that guides these vampires to their victims is love . Love is what makes them seek their victims . They go to the people they love the most . So they turn their instinct that is most innately human into the most inhuman feeding mechanism . " With "  The Strain " being on FX , hardcore horror fans are likely skeptical that the drama can be as graphic as an R-rated movie would be . Cuse told press that the network gave the producers "  the latitude " to tell the story their way -- and critics have taken notice . " ` The Strain ' is packed with so much macabre imagery and so many clever ideas that it does n't feel like the resuscitation of a tired genre , but the launch of something new and fun , " says HitFix 's Alan Sepinwall . Granted , like the show 's gross-out billboards , the producers ' commitment to "  unadulterated " storytelling may not sit well with some viewers . "  This is cult-classic , midnight-movie horror , designed in meticulous , mythology-respecting detail for comic-book readers and fangirls and - boys , " says Entertainment Weekly . "  The show is n't for everyone . But that special someone it is for ? She 's gon na love it . "	FX 's new series "  The Strain " is a return to scary vampires Series is produced by Guillermo del Toro , Carlton Cuse and Chuck Hogan Critics have lauded its debut
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways and Virgin Atlantic have announced they are reducing their fuel surcharges as the price of oil has plummeted . Passengers on long-haul flights will enjoy the biggest reduction in fares . Both airlines said the cuts , effective Thursday , reflected the lower price of oil , and BA also credited its fuel hedging policy . It means BA passengers will pay # 30-35  $ 46-54  less on flights longer than nine hours , and # 15-20  $ 23-31  less on shorter flights , the airline said . European services will cost # 4-5  $ 6-7  less , BA said . Virgin Atlantic passengers will see similar reductions in the ticket price , the airline said . The fuel surcharge helped airlines pass the high cost of oil on to their passengers . As prices have dropped from a record high in the summer , airlines have been under pressure to cut the fee . This the second fuel surcharge reduction for BA . It first cut the charge in October .	BA , Virgin reduce fuel surcharges by as much as a third on long-haul flights BA : Cut reflects reduction in oil prices and the airline 's fuel hedging policy Flights of more than nine hours will cost # 30-35  $ 46-54  less
CNN  -- "  American Hustle " has stepped up its game . The comedic film , loosely based on the Abscam scandal of the late '70s , received just two nominations at the 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards Saturday night , but it won the big one : outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture . Star Bradley Cooper , practically yelling his approval , paid tribute to director David O. Russell for the film . Relive all the action with our live blog "  Hustle " and "  12 Years a Slave " are among the leading Oscar nominees , and at the SAG Awards the two films faced off for outstanding ensemble -- the SAG Awards ' equivalent of Oscar 's best picture . Last week , "  American Hustle " won the Golden Globe for best comedy or musical film ; "  12 Years " took home that award for best drama . "  12 Years , " about a freeman forced into slavery in 19th-century America , led all SAG Awards nominees with four nominations . SAG Awards winners list Other winners established themselves as Oscar front-runners as well . Matthew McConaughey of "  Dallas Buyers Club " took home the Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role Saturday night . He plays an AIDS-afflicted man in the film . He won the Golden Globe for the same role last week . Cate Blanchett , who also won a Globe , won the SAG Award for lead female actor . For Oscar watchers , the awards offer a key indicator of which way the wind is blowing among members of the Motion Picture Academy . The actors ' branch is the largest of any of the academy 's voting blocs . The Academy Awards are scheduled for Sunday , March 2 . 2014 Oscar nominations announced Winfrey : ` We do movies to move people ' Lupita Nyong ' o and Jared Leto led off the awards by winning prizes for supporting female actor and supporting male actor , respectively . Leto , who stars as a transgender woman in "  Dallas Buyers Club , " paid tribute to those who have been victims of AIDS , "  that terrible disease . " Nyong ` o , who plays a slave terrorized by a plantation owner in "  12 Years a Slave , " won over competition that included Oprah Winfrey  "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler "  and Jennifer Lawrence  "  American Hustle "  . Winfrey addressed the controversy about not being nominated for an Oscar with CNN 's Nischelle Turner on the red carpet . After praising all the other supporting actress nominees , she pointed out that "  The Butler " -- a box-office success -- has had an impact . "  We do n't do movies to get awards , " she said . "  We do movies to move people . " Rita Moreno accepted the Screen Actors Guild 's Life Achievement Award on Saturday night . She and presenter Morgan Freeman fell into their old "  Electric Company " roles , pronouncing out "  SAG-AFTRA . " Then Moreno got serious . "  It 's early in the third act of my life , " the 82-year-old Moreno said , and then went into a snippet of "  This Is All I Ask " : "  Let the music play as long as there 's a song to sing / And I will stay younger than spring . " ` Breaking Bad , ' ` Modern Family ' win TV honors Like the Globes , the SAG Awards also nominate television performers . Nominees for ensemble in a drama were "  Boardwalk Empire , " "  Breaking Bad , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  Game of Thrones " and "  Homeland . " "  Modern Family " won comedy series ensemble . It 's the show 's fourth straight SAG Award . "  Veep 's " Julia Louis-Dreyfus and "  Modern Family 's " Ty Burrell won SAG Awards for their performances in TV comedies . Michael Douglas  "  Behind the Candelabra "  and Helen Mirren  "  Phil Spector "  also took home trophies . "  Breaking Bad " won drama series ensemble and star Bryan Cranston took home the award for male actor in a drama . Members of the cast of "  Downton Abbey " knew what was coming . Before the show , they responded in unison when asked who was going to win . " ` Breaking Bad , ' " they told CNN . But "  Downton 's " Maggie Smith did win for female actor in a drama series . Special coverage : Awards season 2014 For performers , the Screen Actors Guild Awards represent recognition from their peers . The trophy is even called "  the Actor . " But the red carpet gave those performers some challenges . Sarah Paulson , who was nominated as part of the ensemble with "  12 Years a Slave , " was dressed in a somewhat flowy white dress . Complimented on the look , she could only laugh . "  People will say  , what 's with your weird princess dress ? " she said . And Lawrence had the line of the night for every person who 's ever had to get uncomfortable to look good . Her Dior couture gown , she said , was "  squeezing my breasts into my armpits . "	"  American Hustle " beats "  12 Years a Slave , " others to win top SAG Award Matthew McConaughey , Cate Blanchett also win "  Modern Family " wins fourth straight SAG Award for comedy series "  Breaking Bad " wins for drama series
EW.com  -- Every single episode of "  The Simpsons " is going online , fully searchable . FXX is launching "  Simpsons World , " a new way of getting on demand "  Simpsons " content , in October . For the first time , viewers can access every episode of the series via their computer or other networked devices . "  Authenticated " FX viewers will have instant access on iPhone , iPad , Xbox One , Xbox 360 , Android phones and tablets , Smart TVs , and additional set-tops devices . ` The Simpsons ' : FXX to air every episode in 12-day marathon Viewers will also be able to search for specific quotes , curate their own own personalized playlists , and share their favorite show clips and quotes .  Hulu currently carries a library of classic "  Simpsons " clips , though only the series ' eight most recent episodes are available for viewing on that streaming service . "  I do n't want to over-promise , but this website can provide you with affordable health care , " joked longtime "  Simpsons " executive producer Al Jean . ` Simpsons ' - ` Family Guy ' crossover to include ` Bob 's Burgers ' cameo The site is part of FXX 's cable acquisition of the exclusive cable rights to repeat episodes of Fox 's landmark animated hit . Also , as previously announced , "  The Simpsons " is getting the Longest . Marathon . Ever : FXX will air 25 seasons of "  The Simpsons " in a row . That 's 522 episodes , and "  The Simpsons Movie . " According to FXX , this will make it the longest-running marathon in television historyâ $ " all "  Simpsons , " all the time , 24 hours a day , for 12 days , in chronological order . The marathon begins August 21 , so order those cases of Duff now . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	FXX is launching a website called "  Simpsons World " It will host every episode of "  The Simpsons " Viewers will also be able to search for specific quotes and make playlists
CNN  -- Hashim Amla compiled his first double century after Jacques Kallis again fell short of the landmark as South Africa continued to punish India 's bowlers on day two of the first cricket Test in Nagpur . Amla was unbeaten on 253 when the tourists declared on 558-6 in the final session on Sunday , then India safely reached stumps at 25-0 in a clash between the top two teams in the five-day format . It is the highest score made by a South African No. 3 batsman , and the highest by any from his country against India . Amla extended his third-wicket partnership with Kallis to a South African record of 340 before his senior partner fell for 173 , having added just 14 to his overnight tally in a subdued second part of his innings . It was the first time any pair have put on a triple century in any matches between the two nations . Kallis edged a delivery from off-spinner Harbhajan Singh onto his pads , and Murali Vijay took the catch at short leg to end a 351-ball knock that put the all-rounder into third equal on the all-time Test century-scoring list with 34 . Amla then added another 108 with A.B. De Villiers , who made a brisk 53 off 88 deliveries , and rode his luck as he was dropped twice on 149 , as they broke South Africa 's record for the fourth wicket in matches between the two teams . De Villiers fell to part-time bowler Virender Sehwag and then Harbhajan removed J.P. Duminy for just nine to have the Proteas 476-5 , but then Mark Boucher contributed 39 to a stand of 78 with Amla before becoming Zaheer Khan 's third victim , and captain Graeme Smith called the innings to a close with 40 minutes left in the day . India openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag survived four overs from pace bowlers Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel with some positive batting , and will start Monday 's play on 12 and nine respectively as they seek to make inroads into a massive first-innings deficit . They will do well to take the lead of Amla , who was steady throughout his 473-ball innings , hitting 22 boundaries and scoring 55 , 45 and 38 in Saturday 's three sessions . While India relied heavily on Harbhajan and Amit Mishra , who on a helpful pitch bowled only six maidens between them in 99 overs for combined figures 2-306 , Smith has only one specialist spinner in Paul Harris plus all-rounder Duminy , with the medium pace of Kallis backing up Steyn , Morkel and rookie fast bowler Wayne Parnell . Meanwhile , Australia crushed the West Indies by 113 runs in the opening match of their one-day series in Melbourne on Sunday . Batting first , the hosts reached 256-8 in their 50 overs as opener Shane Watson top-scored with 56 in his 100th match , while captain Ricky Ponting made 49 . All-rounder Kieron Pollard took 3-45 for the Windies , while seamer Ravi Rampaul claimed 2-43 . The tourists then slumped to 143 all out in just 34.2 overs as opening bowler Ryan Harris and spinner Nathan Hauritz claimed three wickets each . Doug Bollinger also snared two early victims , including the key scalp of big-hitting captain Chris Gayle , as the West Indies were left reeling on 12-3 . Pollard , signed for $ 750,000 in the Indian Premier League auctions last month , top-scored with 31 from 35 deliveries .	Hashim Amla compiles his first double century as South Africa declare on 558-6 in Nagpur Hosts India reach 25-0 at stumps on the second day of the opening Test of the series Amla extends third-wicket partnership to 340 with Jacques Kallis , who falls for 173 He then adds 108 with A.B. De Villiers and 78 with Mark Boucher , being unbeaten on 253
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Somewhere in South America right now a head-banger is getting very excited . The crowd went wild when Iron Maiden took to the stage in Colombia earlier this year . They 're going back in March , 2009 . Veteran hell-raisers Iron Maiden have announced five new tour dates in Brazil , within months of playing to capacity crowds in some of country 's biggest music venues . Last March , they packed the 40,000 capacity Palmeiras Stadium in Sao Paulo . Next March , they 'll be following in the formidable footsteps of Formula One World Champion Lewis Hamilton , rock band Kiss and the Pope , no less , to wow the crowds at the Autodromo de Interlagos . The race track is one venue they do n't expect to sell out . "  Capacity is about 400,000 . I do n't think we 'll get 400,000 , " Iron Maiden 's manager Rod Smallwood told CNN , "  We 're set for about 60,000 and we hope to go past that . " The band has every reason to be confident of strong ticket sales in South America where fan loyalty verges on fanaticism . Watch part one of Iron Maiden Revealed " When the band last toured Curitiba in Brazil in March 2008 , thousands of ecstatic "  Maiden " supporters kept them awake overnight by booming Iron Maiden music outside their hotel . Across Latin America , they sold 250,000 tickets in less than one week to nine concerts in seven countries . In Colombia , they set a new record for the fastest ticket sales of any event . Rapid ticket sales are expected this Saturday when seats go on sale for three new concerts in Latin America : Venezuela , Colombia and Chile . Tickets for concerts in Brazil are due to go on sale next week -- along with seats for four concerts which are still to be announced , in four more countries , two of which will host Iron Maiden for the first time . "  We 've always had tremendous success with the fans down there  in Latin America  , " said Smallwood . But why , many may be moved to ask ? What is it about Iron Maiden and South America ? Are they in love with Iron Maiden or is it heavy metal as a music genre that 's really captured their hearts ? What do you think ? Sound off below . Malcolm Dome , presenter of British heavy metal radio station TotalRock has a theory . "  The Latin way of life seems to connect with heavy metal enormously , " he told CNN . "  It 's not just in South America , it 's the Latin communities in Spain and Portugal . " "  I think it 's got a lot to do with what heavy metal represents -- passion , energy , emotion , rebellion , a slight anarchy . I think it 's the part of the Latin mentality , " he added . Iron Maiden may have been formed in a London pub the 1970s , but it was n't until 1985 when they took to the stage at the original "  Rock in Rio " concert that their South American fan base began to swell . The band played one gig as guests of British compatriots , Queen , that was broadcast live across the continent winning them new fans , many of whom have stayed loyal over the years . Heavy metal has not always been viewed with the same sense of awe by fans in South America , according to Cristiane Richardson , a Brazilian who presents the weekly heavy metal radio show Sonic Attack from London . "  It started perhaps as a novelty , " Richardson told CNN , "  Maybe it was kids rebelling against the samba or the church , but for many years it was looked on as a joke almost . " " -LSB- But -RSB- it slowly gained credibility and now if you go to a Havana show you 'll see several generations -- fathers bringing their sons and nephews . Older people appreciate it as well . It 's not just young kids . " She said Iron Maiden 's sheer hard work has also won them fans . "  They make an effort everywhere they go to meet their fans and to learn the local language . " Claudio Vicentin , the editor of South America 's best-selling heavy metal magazine Revista Roadie Crew , said , for some fans , heavy metal songs are their first introduction to the English language . "  In Brazil and South America many heavy metal fans begin to learn English translating the lyrics and singing together the lyrics on concerts . " "  The fans here are very passionate about music . And then , once you like heavy metal , you are going to die listening to heavy metal . You are not going to love Iron Maiden just for one summer . " What is it about the music ? "  It 's the energy of the sound , " Vicentin said . "  The guitar riffs , the melodies , the heavy drummer sound and the voice of the singer . " Right now , the band is taking a rest from a grueling schedule that started with the first concert in the "  Somewhere Back in Time " tour in India last February . From there they went to Australia , Japan , the U.S. , Latin America and Europe . The tour resumes on February 9 , when they 'll pack up their version of a tour bus , Ed Force One , a 757 airliner decked out in Iron Maiden logos and take again to the skies for the first scheduled concert in Dubai . As in previous legs , lead singer Bruce Dickinson will be in the pilot 's seat , flying the entire band and their roadies from city to city . One thing that will change is the line up . "  It will be different from last time , " Smallwood told CNN . "  We 'll have pyros with us which we did n't take last time  and  there 'll be a few songs we did n't do last time . "	Heavy metal icons Iron Maiden announce new tour dates for South America Concerts in four extra countries to be announced soon , including two debuts Extra dates follow string of sell-out concerts earlier in 2008 in Latin America
Editor 's note : Carole Simpson , who anchored the weekend editions of "  ABC World News , " is leader in residence and a full-time faculty member in the journalism department of Emerson College . A recipient of three national Emmy awards with 40 years experience as a broadcast journalist , Simpson was the first black woman to anchor a network evening news broadcast . Carole Simpson says women are gaining prominence at a time when major network news is endangered . CNN  -- Diane Sawyer now joins Katie Couric as anchor of a major network evening newscast , leaving Brian Williams the sole man . Since I have personally worked for 30 years for the advancement of women in broadcast journalism , I guess I am supposed to be delighted . Why am I not ? Because it took so darned long -- and TV news is on life support . No disrespect to Diane or Katie . I consider them friends and I take pride in their accomplishments . They have proven their talents and journalistic credentials . But , come on . We had to wait until 2009 ? Women began entering television news in significant numbers in the 1970s during the women 's liberation movement . In fact , I started my network career in 1974 . The major impact on the hiring of women resulted after 16 women filed a class action sex discrimination suit in federal court against NBC in 1975 . Two years later in a $ 2 million out-of-court settlement , the network promised to act affirmatively and hire , promote and raise the salaries of a large percentage of women over the next five years . CBS and ABC saw the writing on the wall and suddenly discovered many women -- inside and outside their news divisions -- qualified to be more than researchers and secretaries . We women in television news thought we had "  arrived " when ABC chose Barbara Walters to co-anchor the evening news with Harry Reasoner in 1976 . It turned out to be a match made in hell . Harry was so upset about sharing airtime with a woman that he refused to speak to Barbara , except on the news set . The ill-fated experiment ended two years later when Harry left in disgust for CBS and Barbara was ousted as anchor . While newswomen were continuing to move onward and upward in network television , it took another 16 years -- 1993 -- before we saw another woman in a network anchor chair . At CBS Connie Chung was paired with Dan Rather on the "  Evening News . " During her stint as co-anchor , Connie was sent to Oregon to report on figure skater Tonya Harding 's activities following an assault on her chief skating rival , Nancy Kerrigan . Dan Rather remained at the anchor desk . Can you even imagine Dan spending days out of the studio reporting on someone like Harding ? No , you ca n't . Chung was axed from the program after two years amid tension with her co-anchor . In 2006 , 13 years post-Connie , Katie Couric made history when CBS named her the solo anchor of the "  Evening News . " She had a rough time from the blistering criticism most women "  firsts " have to endure . But she has held her own and grown in stature , enough so that ABC has given Diane Sawyer her shot . It took almost 40 years for this unique state of affairs . So , why are women getting these opportunities now ? Well , I 'm a cynic . The reason is that broadcast television news is dying . For more than 20 years , network newscasts have been called "  dinosaurs . " Media experts say the shows are in their death throes . Network news budgets have been slashed and employees have been fired and laid off . The audience for network news has been dwindling year after year as viewers turn to cable or the Internet for their news , or avoid the news altogether . I wish Diane and Katie the best . Millions of Americans still watch network news programs , but they are only a semblance of what they were in terms of quality and content . With fewer resources and the death knell sounding , why not put women in charge of the network evening news programs ? When things could n't be worse , it 's okay for women to be in charge . Sad to say , but I do n't believe the evening network newscasts , nor Katie and Diane as the anchors , will be around for very long . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carole Simpson .	Carole Simpson : Women have fought for bigger role in TV news for 40 years She says Diane Sawyer has proven her talents and credentials Simpson says it took too long for women to be given prominence She says network news is endangered as viewership declines
CNN Student News  -- October 12 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What is an allegation ? What do you think that journalists need to keep in mind when reporting on allegations of wrongdoing by an individual ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who are the Democratic and Republican nominees for U.S. vice president ? * * 2 . What international award is given in the categories of medicine , physics , chemistry , literature , economics and peace ? * * 3 . Sergio Pena is trying to make a name for himself in what popular American sport ? * * 4 . Who was re-elected this week as Venezuela 's president ? * * 5 . Who is the 7-time Tour de France cycling winner who has been accused of doping by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency ? * * 6 . What is the current U.S. unemployment rate ? * * 7 . What country is home to 14-year-old blogger and education activist Malala Yousufzai ? * * 8 . What October 11th observance aims to raise awareness about the struggles of young women around the world ? * * 9 . What is the name of the SpaceX capsule that docked with the international space station on Wednesday ? * * 10 . The vice presidential debate was held at Centre College , which is located in what U.S. state ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- That Africans today so dominate distance running is in part testament to the career of Kipchoge  Kip  Keino . Keino claimed an unexpected victory in the 3,000 m steeplechase in Munich in 1972 . The first black African to break onto the international stage at the beginning of the 1960s , Kip Keino won two Olympic golds and was a formidable force in the sport for 12 years . Other athletes would win more golds , but few would win races and hold records at all distances from 1,500 meters to 10,000 meters . Keino was 24-years-old before he competed at his first Olympic Games in Tokyo in 1964 where he finished 10th and fifth in the 1,500 meters and 5,000 meters respectively . In 1965 he broke two world records : the 3,000 m at Helsingborg in Sweden in seven minutes 39.6 seconds  his first attempt at the distance  ; and the 5,000 m in Auckland in 13 minutes 24.2 seconds . His form looked good for the high-altitude games of Mexico City in 1968 , but stomach cramps forced him out of the 10,000 m with just two laps to go . He recovered to win a stunning gold in the 1,500 m. Knowing that race favorite , Jim Ryun had a devastating kick in the final hundreds , Keino decided to hit the front early . He managed to hold on and finished 20 meters ahead of Ryan -- the largest winning margin and the second fastest time in the event 's history . Born to run In the same year he also took a silver in the 5,000 m . He had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection . But it was at the Munich Games of 1972 that the untrained Nandi tribesman from Kipsano , in the high plains of Kenya , proved he was born to run . In the steeplechase , with only one win from his previous four competitive attempts at the event and twenty-three others lining up with better personal times , Keino was not even expected to make the final . Yet , somehow he staved off challenges from his more experienced compatriot , Ben Jipcho , and Finland 's Tapio Kantanen , to win in an Olympic record time of eight minutes 23.6 seconds . Keino will be remembered for two things : opening up the latent athletic talent of Africa and his disquieting natural ability to conquer all-comers in five distinct events . When he finally retired after the All Africa Games in Lagos in 1975 , he fittingly returned home to a daughter he and his wife had named Milka Olympia Chelagat .	Olympic record : 2 gold medals and 2 silver medals The first black African to break onto the international stage He had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection Runner ; born January 17 , 1940 , in Kenya
CNN  -- Could there be an American team in Formula One for the first time in more than 25 years ? NASCAR team co-owner Gene Haas has thrown his hat into the ring to enter a new team into the F1 world championship . Last month the sport 's governing body , the FIA , asked prospective entrants to make "  an expression of interest " to join the grid as a 12th team for the start of the 2015 or 2016 season . Haas , who co-owns Stewart-Haas Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series , said Friday that he has answered the call . "  We have responded to the FIA 's ` call for expression of interest ' regarding a Formula One entry on behalf of Haas Racing Development , " the American businessman said in a statement . "  We respect the FIA 's evaluation process and will share more details in the coming weeks . " Haas has already tasted success in the premier U.S. racing series when the Stewart-Haas Team , which he founded with three-time Sprint Cup champion driver Tony Stewart , won the 2011 Sprint Cup Series championship . F1 last expanded the grid in 2010 when three new teams joined . Of the trio , two are still racing in their current guises -- Caterham and Marussia . The Spanish Hispania  HRT  team withdrew from the sport at the end of 2012 because of financial difficulties . The last U.S. backed team ran a limited number of races during the 1985 and 1986 seasons under the Lola-Hart moniker . Other American teams to enter the sport include Eagle , which debuted in 1966 , Shadow and Penkse , both of which raced in the 1970s . The USF1 team launched an unsuccessful bid to join F1 for the 2010 season after difficulties securing financial backing . The FIA had given parties interesting in joining F1 until January 3 2014 to register their interest but it is not yet known whether there are any other prospective entries .	NASCAR co-owner registers interest in entering a new team in Formula One Gene Haas says he has responded to the FIA 's call for new teams in 2015 or 2016 Haas co-owns a NASCAR team with champion racer Tony Stewart The last U.S. funded F1 team ran in 1986 under the Lola-Hart moniker
CNN  -- An SUV slammed into a Cadillac , sending it through the front wall of a Kansas City day care center Tuesday , seriously injuring three children in the building , officials in the western Missouri city said . The three children and an adult -- identified by police as the driver of the SUV -- were taken to hospitals with serious but non-life-threatening injuries , city communications director Danny Rotert said . The crash left a gaping hole in the front of Christian Academy Child Care , where about 40 children were when the Cadillac punched through around 1 p.m.  2 p.m. CT  , Kansas City police Capt. Tye Grant said . The driver of the Cadillac , which for a time trapped two children in the building , ran from the scene , Grant said . However , James Garrett , with the Kansas City Fire Department , later said that the Cadillac was unoccupied . It was parked , he said . The incident started , police say , with the SUV rear-ending the car outside the child care center on 27th Street in central Kansas City . The Cadillac was propelled into the gray one-story building , coming to rest inside , Grant said . Aerial video from CNN affiliate KMBC showed the SUV , its front crumpled , just outside the front of the building , along with a huge hole and debris scattered on the sidewalk . Workers on Tuesday afternoon were trying to shore up the front of the building to ensure it would n't collapse , Rotert said . They then planned to take the Cadillac out of the facility . Officials believed that all children have been accounted for , "  but we are still searching , " Grant said Tuesday afternoon . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials believed that all children have been accounted for 3 children , 1 adult have serious but non-life-threatening injuries , official says Police : Rear-ended vehicle smashed into daycare center in Kansas City , Missouri
CNN  -- Thousands of demonstrators marched through cities across Europe on Saturday , calling for an immediate end to Israel 's attacks on Gaza . A protester swings a club at a police horse Saturday night near London 's Israeli Embassy . Up to 20,000 people were gathered outside the Israeli Embassy in London , England , at the peak of protests there , London Metropolitan Police said . A police officer was knocked unconscious Saturday night as the protests turned unruly , the police said . The London crowd dismantled barriers placed in front of the embassy and began pelting officers with sticks , rocks and pieces of the metal barriers , police said . Three people were arrested . Organizers including the Stop the War Coalition and the Palestine Solidarity Campaign expected more than 100,000 people to join the London march to protest Israel 's ongoing attacks on Gaza . Celebrities including musician Annie Lennox and Bianca Jagger , musician Mick Jagger 's ex-wife , spoke at a rally before the procession , which went from Hyde Park to the Israeli Embassy in Kensington , West London . Watch demonstrators throw bottles , metal at police " Lauren Booth , the sister-in-law of former Prime Minister Tony Blair , also spoke at the rally , The Times newspaper reported . During her speech , Booth criticized Blair over his attempts to bring about a resolution to the conflict . "  Tony Blair 's only comment regarding the cease-fire has been to say that it can only take place after the tunnels in Gaza are destroyed , " The Times quoted her as saying . "  What he is suggesting means that after the massacre , people will have no access to food , kerosene and medicines that came through those tunnels . That is not a cease-fire ; that is a slow agonizing death , " she said , according to The Times . Former London Mayor Ken Livingstone issued a statement backing the demonstration . "  Every day , we see appalling pictures of children slaughtered by Israeli bombs , missiles and other sophisticated weapons , " he said . "  Yet with more than 700 dead and thousands more seriously wounded , the international community is allowing Israel to continue its completely disproportionate onslaught accompanied by an Orwellian litany of lies . " Meanwhile , the British Press Association reported that similar demonstrations took place in other British cities , including Newcastle and Edinburgh . Thousands took part in a rally through the center of Edinburgh calling for an end to the military campaign . About 300 shoes and red paint were thrown toward the U.S. consulate in the Scottish capital , the PA said . Thousands demonstrated in other European cities , according to local media reports , including Innsbruck , Austria ; Paris , France ; Milan , Italy ; Berlin , Germany ; and Oslo , Norway . iReport : Protests in Paris In Washington , pro-Palestinian activists rallied outside the temporary residence of President-elect Barack Obama on Saturday and called on the incoming leader to stop the violence in Gaza . About 3,000 people carrying signs and chanting "  Free Palestine " flooded Lafayette Park between the White House and the Hay-Adams Hotel , where the president-elect is living with his family . Carrying a flag and wearing a Palestinian keffiyeh head scarf , Abdel-Kader Elkabil exhorted the president-elect to take action . "  Please , Mr. Obama , do something . We love you . We voted for you , " he said . "  I 'm expecting you to do something . ... You 're the only one who can do something . " Asma Mobin-Uddin drove to Washington with a group of 500 activists from Ohio . She said she voted for Obama because she believed he could "  make a difference . " "  President Obama , look in the eyes of your kids and look in the eyes of the kids in that region , " she said at the rally . "  Please , stop the violence , stop the hate , stop the occupation . " Israelis say their Gaza military operation , which started December 27 , is targeting rocket-launching sites , Hamas infrastructure and the movement 's leaders in an effort to stop militants from sending rockets into southern Israel . Palestinian medical sources said that more than 800 Palestinians have been killed in the attacks , including 235 children , and about 3,300 people have been wounded . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , have died since the operation began . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld and Mona Larijani contributed to this report .	Three arrested after London protest becomes unruly ; officer knocked out Police say 20,000 gathered outside Israeli Embassy in London Similar demonstrations take place in other European cities 3,000 protest outside temporary residence of U.S. President-elect Obama
CNN  -- Brazilian club Corinthians are champions of South America for the first time after a 3-1 aggregate defeat of Argentina 's Boca Juniors in the final of the Copa Libertadores . After a 1-1 draw in last week 's first leg in Buenos Aires , two goals from Brazil-born Qatar striker Emerson gave coach Tite 's Corinthians a 2-0 second-leg win in Sao Paulo . Wednesday 's historic win over six-time champions Boca ensured Corinthians ' qualification for December 's FIFA Club World Cup in Japan . It also means South America 's premier club competition has been won by a Brazilian team in each of the last three years , following on from Santos in 2011 and Internacional . Are FIFA 's world rankings fit for purpose ? "  I am very happy because we know the history Boca Juniors have in worldwide football and in the Copa Libertadores , " Emerson told Fox Sports . "  Our crowd represents 33 million fans . Since this year 's Libertadores started , we have dreamt of clinching the title . We were all in need of this achievement . " Corinthians ' undefeated campaign was powered by five goals from the 33-year-old Emerson , as well as four goals from attacking midfielder Danilo -- who won the title with Sau Paulo in 2005 . On a disappointing day for Boca , midfielder Juan Roman Riquelme also announced Wednesday 's game would be his final appearance for the club . The 34-year-old began his career with Boca before spending six years in Spain with Barcelona and most notably Villarreal . The former Argentina international returned to Boca in 2008 , helping his first club to two domestic titles to go with his three earlier Libertadores successes  2000-01 , 2007  . "  This afternoon , I spoke with the president and informed him that I would not continue , " Riquelme told reporters . "  I am very grateful to the club and the team , I know I am , but I have nothing left to give the club , I 'm empty . The relationship I share with Boca is great , I 'm a fan of this club but now I have reached the end of the road . "  Now I just want to go home , have a barbecue with my friends , see my children and greet them . All I ask is for forgiveness from my child that I could not win the cup again . "	Corinthians win the Copa Libertadores for the first time after beating Boca Juniors Two goals from Brazilian striker Emerson secure a 3-1 aggregate win for Corinthians It is third year in a row a Brazilian club has won South America 's top club competition Boca Juniors midfielder Juan Roman Riquelme announces he will leave the Argentine club
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A judge Wednesday approved Katherine Jackson 's request that Michael Jackson 's estate get the bill for the cost of this week 's burial of her son . A private funeral for Michael Jackson , here in 2002 , will be held Thursday in Glendale , California , his family says . More than two months after his death , the pop singer will be interred in a private ceremony Thursday evening at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California , the Jackson family said . A short hearing was held Wednesday morning before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff to consider Katherine Jackson 's petition . The special administrators of his estate -- in control of the purse strings until the will is probated -- did not object to the Jackson family 's request . The cost of the burial is a secret -- kept under court seal by Beckloff 's order -- but it is believed to include paying Glendale police to handle traffic and security around the cemetery . The ceremony , which will be closed to the public and news media , is set for 7 p.m. at the cemetery 's Holly Terrace in the Great Mausoleum , a family spokesman said . On July 7 , Jackson 's family and friends gathered at Forest Lawn 's Hollywood Hills cemetery for a short service just before a public tribute to the singer in downtown Los Angeles . There has been widespread speculation about the whereabouts of Jackson 's body . It has remained a closely guarded secret . The pop star 's siblings and parents have been divided over where to bury him , several family members have said . Older brother Jermaine Jackson has said he wanted the singer to be buried at his former Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , while others have objected . The burial comes less than a week after the Los Angeles County coroner made public his conclusion that Jackson 's June 25 death was a homicide . The coroner ruled that the anesthetic drug propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the death . Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation into the singer 's death . No one has been charged .	Michael Jackson will be interred in private cermony Thursday night , family says Cost of burial in Glendale , California , cemetery kept under court seal by judge 's order Judge approves family 's request for Jackson 's estate to pay for funeral Public tribute to pop singer held July 7 in Los Angeles ; he died June 25
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The chairman of India 's UB Group , which includes Bangalore-based Kingfisher Airlines and United Breweries , made the winning $ 1.8 million bid on a number of Mahatma Gandhi 's personal items on auction . Mahatma Gandhi was known for his peaceful opposition to tyranny , which led to India 's independence . Vijay Mallya was expected to return the items to the Indian government , according to CNN-IBN , CNN 's sister station in India . Controversy surrounded the sale Thursday of Gandhi 's items -- among them his metal-rimmed glasses , pocket watch , sandals , bowl and plate -- prompting the seller , James Otis , to ask that the items be withdrawn from the auction . India voiced strong objections to the auction . Its Ministry of External Affairs said the bidding would "  commercialize and thereby demean the memory of the Father of the Nation and everything that he stood for in his life , beliefs and actions . " On Tuesday , a New Delhi court issued an injunction to stop the sale . Watch the auction stoke high interest " But the Antiquorum auction house in Manhattan went ahead with the auction as scheduled . The Indian government had rejected an offer from Otis , who had asked the Indian government to expand its spending on the poor in exchange for the items . India 's government already spends a large amount of money on the country 's disadvantaged sectors , India 's culture minister Ambika Soni told reporters Thursday . Still , the government had hoped Otis would not allow the public to bid on the items . Soni , the culture minister , said that India 's government exercised several options to stop the auction at the Antiquorum in New York . Gandhi , who waged a long struggle against British rule in India , was assassinated in New Delhi by a Hindu fanatic on January 30 , 1948 . He is still widely revered for his insistence on non-violent protest to achieve political and social progress . Many Indians believe selling Gandhi 's items for profit is outrageous . "  I feel very sad about it because Gandhi himself never believed in private possessions , " said Varsha Das , director of India 's National Gandhi Museum , using a term of endearment for Gandhi . "  He gave away everything . He did not even have a home to live in . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Mallya expected to return items to Indian government , CNN-IBN reports India 's Ministry of External Affairs : Bidding would "  commercialize " Gandhi 's memory Controversy prompted seller James Otis to ask that items be withdrawn from auction
CNN  -- It pays to be "  America 's Sweetheart . " Sandra Bullock , who celebrated her 50th birthday in July , earned an estimated $ 51 million in the past year , according to Forbes magazine . Bullock is at the top of the publication 's highest-earning actresses list for 2014 . Forbes , which speaks to agents , producers , lawyers and others in the know to come up with its list , believes that Bullock 's hefty payday is due to her Oscar-nominated turn in Alfonso Cuaron 's blockbuster "  Gravity . " After its release in the fall of 2013 , the sci-fi thriller went on to earn $ 716 million worldwide . Coming in second place is Jennifer Lawrence , star of "  The Hunger Games " and "  X-Men " franchises , who also squeezes in dramas such as "  American Hustle " in her downtime . Forbes estimates the young Oscar winner earned $ 34 million between June 2013 and June 2014 . In third place is Jennifer Aniston , whose $ 31 million comes from comedies such as "  We 're the Millers , " "  Friends " reruns and endorsement deals . Forbes notes that while these ladies have earned notable paychecks , the totals are below what the industry 's top-earning men have made in the same time period . The publication 's list of the top 10 earning actors in the business added up to $ 419 million , while this year 's list of highly paid actresses totals $ 226 million . Robert Downey Jr. : Hollywood 's highest-paid actor  again	Forbes estimates Sandra Bullock earned $ 51 million in the past year The star tops the magazine 's list of highest-paid actresses Jennifer Lawrence is in second place with $ 43 million earned
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- After weeks of mostly silence in his defense , convicted Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan had little more to say Tuesday in the capital sentencing phase of his court-martial , telling the jury panel three short words : "  The defense rests . " His brief remarks produced a momentary gasp in the courtroom . The 13-member panel that earlier convicted the defendant for premeditated murder will now return Wednesday morning , to decide whether the Army Medical Corps officer will live or die for his crimes . The November 5 , 2009 , killings on this sprawling U.S. Army base by a lone gunman left 13 people dead and 32 others wounded , some severely . Hasan , who serves as his own attorney , called no witnesses ; nor did he offer any documentary evidence or explanation for why he should not die for his crimes . He also offered no explanation for his refusal to mount any defense in either the trial or sentencing phases . Judge Tara Osborn , an Army colonel , reluctantly granted his wishes , telling Hasan , "  You 're the captain of your own ship . " Tuesday morning saw the last of 19 victims and family members of those wounded or killed giving heartbreaking testimony : emotional recollections of lost loved ones , as well as injuries -- physical and emotional -- suffered nearly four years ago . "  The shooting and his killing is not going to destroy my family , " said Joleen Cahill , widow of Michael Cahill , the only civilian to die in the massacre . "  He is not going to win , " she said firmly , referring to the defendant sitting just feet away . Hasan asked no questions of the prosecution witnesses , who spoke separately on the stand . None directly addressed Hasan at the defense table or bothered to look at him while they testified . Hasan himself stared intently at all the witnesses during testimony , occasionally wiping his nose . Three shooting victims , eight widows and widowers , six parents and an adult offspring were among those who fought tears to describe their physical and emotional suffering over the past two days . Prison or death for Hasan ? It 's up to the jury now Cahill recalled going numb when she was told about the killings . "  A lot of that night was a blank . " Also testifying Tuesday was Jerri Krueger , mother of Sgt. Amy Krueger , who was 29 at the time of the incident . She recalled what her daughter said the day of the September 11 attacks : "  She said , ` Mom , I 'm joining the Army . ' I told her she could n't fight bin Laden all by herself , and she said , ` Watch me . ' " Krueger and her best friend enlisted the next day , and she had aspired to be a clinical psychologist . "  When a parent loses a child , " said Jerri Krueger , "  it creates an irreplaceable void . I live with that every day . " Hasan was convicted Friday of all 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the shooting rampage at a Fort Hood deployment processing center . The incident occurred about a month before Hasan was to deploy to Afghanistan . Wounded by two gunshots was Lt. Col. Randy Royer , a Reservist . "  I have mental issues ; I take anxiety medication , " he told the panel Tuesday . He suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder , and dealing with crowds is especially tough . Visiting the local pharmacy , where chairs line the counter , reminds him of the setup at the center where the killings occurred . "  I do n't do well with that , " he said softly . Fort Hood victims feel betrayed Prosecutors presented "  aggravating " evidence to demonstrate why Hasan deserves lethal injection . The court-martial unexpectedly recessed mid-afternoon Monday , and Hasan 's standby attorney John Galligan told CNN that "  health-related concerns promoted the delay . " From his wheelchair , the defendant , who was wounded by military police in the attacks and paralyzed , repeatedly asked the bench Monday to take brief breaks from the proceedings . Among the victims ' family members testifying Tuesday was Philip Warman , who was so distraught about losing his wife -- 55-year-old Lt. Col Juanita Warman -- that he testified that friends had to take his guns away for his own safety . And he abused alcohol almost constantly until the following June . "  I was falling apart , " he testified . "  It was like something was ripped from me . " Warman entered rehab and has not had a drink since . He earns Alcoholics Anonymous coins as reminders of his sobriety . He told the panel that he pushes the coins into the ground when he visits his wife 's grave at Arlington National Cemetery .	NEW : "  The defense rests , " Hasan tells the panel Shooter calls no witnesses in sentencing phase The sentencing phase for shooter Nidal Hasan could wrap up by midweek 13 officers will then decide whether Army Medical Corps officer should die for crimes
CNN  -- A call for Smurfs brought together 1,253 dressed-up-in-blue people in County Monaghan , Ireland . A 4,703-pound cheesecake rolled out in Mexico City . A 7-year-old Michigan boy made a ball of plastic wrap that 's 11 feet across . Anthony Victor of India has hair measuring 7.12 inches sprouting from the center of his outer ears . Meanwhile , in Ellensburg , Washington , 13-year-old Brenden Adams is having a hard time fitting into cars . At 7 feet 4.6 inches , Adams -- who as a kindergartner was taller than his teacher -- has made it into the Guinness World Records 2010 book , released Thursday , as the tallest teenage boy . It 's a stature he said was earned simply because his 12th chromosome split in half . And while the height has its perks -- "  You do n't get picked on as much " -- he wishes strangers would n't stare . "  I 'm another person , just like everybody else , " said Adams , who does n't play basketball -- two knee replacements insured that -- and prefers to hang out with friends , camp and ride dirt bikes . The tallest teenage boy is one of about 4,000 records listed in this year 's book -- a number that accounts for a mere 10 percent of all the mind-blowing stats that make up the Guinness World Records database , said Stuart Claxton , a spokesman for the organization that began publishing feats in 1955 . See more world record holders From the obscure  Most balloons inflated with a nose ? 308  to the old standbys  Lucia Zarate , who died in 1890 , still holds the record for lightest adult at 4.7 pounds  , it 's the reference-book gift that keeps on giving . So why would someone set out to spend the most time in a bumper car  record : 24 hours  , or solve the most Rubik 's Cubes in one hour  record : 185  ? "  It 's an innate part of our psyche as human beings to explore how far we can push the boundaries , " said Claxton , who 's been with Guinness World Records since 2000 . "  We 're intrigued by extremes in our daily life " and by "  the things we 're not familiar with . " iReport.com : Follow updates on "  Le Grande Bebe " Jake Lonsway of Bay City , Michigan , was only 6 when high school students in his area set out to assemble the largest group of people wearing Groucho Marx glasses . A snowstorm killed the attempt , but the idea of setting a record became an obsession for the young boy , his mom Julie Grames said . "  I told him , ` We 'll get a bunch of books , and we 'll see if there 's anything we can do , ' " she said . Building a ball of plastic wrap was where they landed . And what started with a softball-sized ball grew and grew and grew into a 281-pound monstrosity , earning Lonsway , now 9 , a spot in this year 's record book . "  It does take up a nice corner of the garage , " Grames said with a laugh . And when people comment on how "  cool " it is , she said her husband 's response is always the same : "  You want it ? Take it . " iReport.com : Massive chess board with human pieces Claxton , of Guinness , has seen everything from the innocuous to the extreme and dangerous . He 's watched a motorcycle rider crash -- and survive -- trying to outdo the ramp-to-ramp distance jump , just one of the "  pushing the envelope " moments that helped him "  realize just how out there the world of record breaking can be , " he said . Some images might be hard to take in at first . "  Over 1,000 piercings in the human body is something you have to get used to looking at , " Claxton said . And while the most tattooed man -- 99 percent of his body is covered -- "  may not be my cup of tea , " he said that when it comes to categories there 's something for everyone . Lee Redmond , 68 , of Salt Lake City , Utah , earned the top berth for longest fingernails after not cutting them from 1979 onward . As of the last record-setting measurement , her nails were 28-foot long in total , the longest being her left index fingernail that came in at 3-foot , Claxton said . But a car accident in February of this year left her nails broken and her hands much freer , the Guinness spokesman said . iReport.com : World 's largest rocking chair ? "  They were such a part of her , " he said , before describing Redmond 's attitude as "  very stoic , " and her take on the broken nails this way : "  If something like that had to happen , it had to happen . Someone somewhere had decided enough is enough . " This year 's book release includes a look at the top 100 records of this century 's first decade , Claxton added , as well as beefed up offerings on the Guinness World Records Web site , which is also where wannabe record holders can find out how to compete and get recognized -- if not now , then in the next book 's edition . Since the current record-holding Smurfs gathered in Ireland and after the 2010 book went to press , for example , 2,510 ambitious blue ones amassed in a nightclub in Wales . iReport.com : Large gathering of "  Waldos " Does Claxton have his own eyes on a record prize ? "  I want to spin a quarter for the longest time possible , " he said , adding that the current record is 19.34 seconds . "  That 's the one I want to get . "	1,253 Smurfs gather in Ireland , find place in Guinness World Records 2010 book Released Thursday , the record book lists 4,000 eyebrow-raising tidbits "  I 'm another person , just like everybody else , " tallest teenage boy says Woman who grew fingernails for about 30 years loses them in car accident
EW.com  -- "  The Sing-Off " has found its new judge : Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Jewel is coming to NBC 's cult-favorite a cappella competition series this winter . Jewel will join Boyz II Men 's Shawn Stockman and Ben Folds as judges on the show , and Nick Lachey will return as host . The singer replaces exiting singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles on the show . "  There are very few musical artists as accomplished and talented as Jewel , " said Paul Telegdy , NBC 's president of alternative programming . "  Her addition to ` The Sing-Off ' judges panel , along with our stellar team of Shawn Stockman and Ben Folds , raises the showmanship of the series up another notch . " NBC shelved "  The Sing-Off " last year , then revived the competition series for a fourth season in March with executive producer Mark Burnett taking charge . Jewel previously served as an adviser on Burnett 's "  The Voice " last year . "  Jewel is one of America 's greatest singer songwriters and is an amazing storyteller , " Burnett said . " ... The Sing-Off is sure to be its best -LSB- season -RSB- yet . " "  The Sing-Off " will return in December . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The singer will join as a judge She had previously served as an adviser on "  The Voice " The "  Sing Off " had been shelved last year , but was revived
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U.S. authorities arrested six people Wednesday on suspicion of smuggling African elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , law enforcement officials said . Imports of African elephant ivory have been banned in the United States since 1976 . The defendants arranged to have ivory from Cameroon , Ivory Coast and Uganda shipped into the United States disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues , authorities said . "  The defendants plundered precious natural resources for personal profit , " U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell and other officials said in a statement . "  Their illegal trade threatens the continued existence of an endangered species and will not be tolerated . " Federal agents tracked at least eight shipments , including one worth an estimated $ 165,000 . Federal agents used surveillance and shipping , phone and bank records to track the suspect shipments . Arrests were made in New York , New Jersey , Virginia and Texas . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement division of the Department of Homeland Security were involved in the law enforcement operation . One suspect told an undercover federal agent during a purchase that it was difficult to bring ivory into the United States , but easy to sell it at high prices , the government statement said . Two other suspects also are accused of paying a courier $ 15,000 to bring a shipment of ivory from Cameroon into the United States . The U.S. banned ivory imports in 1976 , and the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora effectively outlawed trade in elephant tissue in 1989 . Illegal trade in African elephant ivory is considered to be a major cause of the continuing decline of elephant populations in Africa . The defendants are expected to appear in court in New York on Wednesday . They face jail terms of up to 20 years if convicted .	Six in four states face federal smuggling charges , U.S. attorney says Ivory reportedly disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues Elephant ivory trade illegal in U.S. since 1976 , worldwide since 1989
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security on Thursday extended permission for hundreds of pilots to carry firearms -- just hours before their certification to carry the weapons was to expire , according to an organization which represents the pilots . "  A few hundred " Federal Flight Deck Officers -- or FFDOs -- were to lose their certification to carry firearms effective midnight on New Year 's Eve , said Mike Karn , executive vice president of the Federal Flight Deck Officer Association . The loss would have come at a time of heightened concern about air security because of the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas Day . But Karn said the DHS 's Federal Air Marshal program notified him Thursday afternoon that the pilots ' certification would be extended . A Transportation Security Administration official confirmed that certifications had been extended for six months "  in light of recent events . " The official said that "  due to an internal miscommunication , scheduled notifications to these officers were prematurely issued , " but he offered no further explanation . FFDOs are commercial pilots who volunteer to undergo training so they can carry weapons to protect their aircraft . They undergo initial training at federal law enforcement training academies and must re-qualify with firearms every six months , and undergo a two-day recurrent training every three to five years . "  I 'm grateful -LSB- for the extension -RSB- because that will keep the most cost-effective last line of defense -LSB- of aircraft -RSB- in place , " Karn said . "  But I 'm still concerned that such a limited budget has been approved for this program , and volunteers who want to protect the American public will be turned away . " Karn said the budget for the program has not increased since 2003 , effectively capping the number of armed pilots . The exact number of FFDOs is classified , but government officials have said in the past the number greatly exceeds the number of federal air marshals -- plain-clothed officers who fly in the cabin of the plane to protect aircraft . Several FFDOs contacted by CNN said DHS has made getting recurrent training onerous for pilots , limiting the number and sizes of classes . Pilots also must pay for their own hotels and food during training -- "  our own time and our own dime , " said one pilot -- placing a further burden on them . Had the loss of certification occurred , it would not have affected the pilots ' flight clearance , only their ability to carry weapons .	Federal Flight Deck Officers were to lose certification effective midnight tonight Certifications have been extended for six months "  in light of recent events , " official says Officials have said there are more FFDOs than federal air marshals , number is classified Pilot organization concerned that limited budget will deter pilots from volunteering
CNN  -- An Ohio inmate , convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 , was executed Tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection , state officials said . Kenneth Biros , 51 , was pronounced dead at 11:47 a.m. at a prison in Lucasville , Ohio , the state attorney general 's office said in a written statement . His last words , according to Department of Rehabilitation and Correction spokeswoman Julie Walburn , were : "  Sorry from the bottom of my heart . I want to thank all of my family and friends for my prayers and who supported and believed in me . "  My father , now I 'm being paroled to heaven , " Biros said , according to Walburn . "  I will now spend all of my holidays with my lord and savior , Jesus Christ . Peace be with you all . Amen . " Biros ' execution is the first in Ohio since September , when the governor and federal courts halted capital punishment in the state after a botched attempt to execute another prisoner , Romell Broom . The prison staff could not find a suitable vein for the injections . The one-drug method had never been tried on a U.S. death row inmate . It relies on a single dose of sodium thiopental injected into a vein . A separate two-drug muscle injection was available as a backup , officials said . The one-drug method has been used to euthanize animals . The same drug , sodium thiopental , at a much lower dosage , is the first ingredient in the three-drug method previously used in Ohio , as well as in all but one of the other 34 states that allow the death penalty . Some capital punishment opponents claim the sodium thiopental , which renders the prisoner unconscious , can wear off too quickly , and that some prisoners would actually be awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues . Biros ' execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m. , but preparations were delayed as officials waited for a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court on Biros ' request for a stay , Walburn said . The high court without comment denied the request about 10 a.m. , and "  we were about an hour behind " in preparations , she said . The execution began around 11 a.m. Biros died about 10 minutes after the drugs began to flow , she said , but he was not officially pronounced dead until later . Biros , 51 , was convicted of killing Tami Engstrom near the town of Warren . He met the woman at a bar and offered to drive her home , and later admitted robbing and attempting to rape her . Prosecutors said Biros dismembered Engstrom and spread her body parts around northeast Ohio and neighboring Pennsylvania . The crime was "  particularly heinous , with 91 pre-mortem wounds , " according to the clemency report . Biros claimed he acted in a fit of drunken rage . He was involved in litigation challenging the three-drug method and received a stay of execution in 2007 because of his involvement in the suit , according to minutes of a November parole board meeting posted on the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections ' Web site . His attorney , Timothy Sweeney , had also objected to the one-drug method , saying it was unconstitutional . Sweeney wrote in an appeal that use of the one-drug method would amount to "  human experimentation , pure and simple . " But the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last month denied Biros ' request for a stay , concluding that since Ohio had announced it would change its protocol and rely on the one-drug method , Biros ' argument regarding the three-drug method was moot . Biros ' last meal was served about 7:45 p.m. Monday -- pizza with extra cheese , mushrooms , onions and green peppers , along with onion rings , deep-fried mushrooms , Doritos , french onion dip , blueberry ice cream , Dr Pepper and cherry pie , Walburn said . During its meeting last month , members of the state parole board heard a prerecorded statement from Engstrom 's mother , Mary Jane Heiss , according to the meeting minutes . Heiss said her health was not good but she was saving her strength to attend Biros ' execution . "  Since her daughter 's death , she has endured nearly 20 years of constant pain and nightmares , " the minutes said . "  She believes that the nightmares will end with the execution . It makes her sick that Biros tortured and brutally murdered her daughter . " The board voted 7-0 to deny Biros clemency . In attempting to execute Broom in September , authorities tried unsuccessfully for hours to find a vein to administer his lethal injection . Afterward , Gov. Ted Strickland announced he would delay the executions of two other men until March at the earliest . Broom 's execution has not been rescheduled . Ohio has put 32 people to death in the past decade . CNN 's Bill Mears and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Kenneth Biros was convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 He was executed Tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection His attorney objected to the method , saying it was unconstitutional The U.S. Supreme Court without comment denied a request to stay the execution
Washington  CNN  The day after 25 House Republicans attempted to prevent Speaker John Boehner from getting a third term , Boehner says he 's starting "  a family conversation " with his critics . The Speaker and his allies were furious with GOP members who publicly rebuked him on the opening day of the new session of Congress . In front of live television cameras they voted for someone else or declined to back him for the job . Hours after the vote the message was clear that those defectors would be punished . Two Florida Republicans who opposed Boehner - Rep. Daniel Webster , who got 12 votes for his own bid to become Speaker , and Rep. Richard Nugent , who voted for him - were removed from serving on the House Rules committee . That panel is essentially an extension of the Speaker 's office since it decides which bills go to the floor and sets parameters for debate . Boehner left the door open Webster and Nugent might return to the committee . He discussed the divisive vote and a closed door meeting of all House Republicans on Wednesday morning , and told reporters afterwards , "  I have not had a chance to talk to them . " "  We 're going to have a family conversation , which we had this morning , about bringing our team together , " Boehner said . "  And I expect those conversations over the next couple of days will continue and we 'll come to a decision about how we go forward . " But during the morning session , several of Boehner 's allies stood up and urged the Speaker not to give these members a second chance . They argued there should be consequences for those who publicly embarrassed the Speaker on the day the Republicans were taking control of both chambers of Congress . Louisiana Rep. John Fleming , who voted for Boehner but has clashed with him in the past , cautioned against further sanctions . "  I think retaliation and revenge is the wrong way to go on this . Emotions and personalities begin to get into the mix and I think that begins to work against us , " Fleming said . Texas Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert , who campaigned to replace Boehner as Speaker , agreed that moves to exact revenge would make any effort to unify House Republicans harder . "  There 's going to be a fight , " Gohmert said . Multiple House GOP sources told CNN that prior to the vote for Speaker , they had a good idea of the group that would vote for other candidates . But they were particularly disappointed at those Republicans who joined the rebels , saying some votes blindsided them . New Jersey GOP Rep. Scott Garrett told reporters he did discuss his plans to back someone else with GOP leaders before the vote . He said "  I 'm looking forward to doing my job on the Budget committee , I 'm looking forward to doing my job on the Financial Services Committee . " As for the prospects that he might lose one of those positions Garrett said , "  I do n't think that 's the nature of John Boehner . " Boehner , when asked if there would be further repercussions for those who opposed him , only said "  we 're going to continue to have a family conversation . "	More than two dozen Republicans voted against Boehner gaining another term as Speaker Boehner plans conversations with GOP critics Some critics are being removed from key committee seats
CNN  -- Exploration is challenging . If it 's too easy , then it 's not real exploration . So says Wong How Man , a Hong Konger who in 1974 began leading expeditions into what was then one of the world 's most isolated countries -- China . "  It was a time when China had very few friends , so we decided to step in and help with what we could put together ; funding and expertise , " says Wong , founder of the China Exploration & Research Society . In those early days China was only just opening up . It was the tail end of the Cultural Revolution and there were a lot of restrictions . Bureaucracy and disappointment were the order of the day . Wong does n't like to recount the red tape he faced because "  it 's like living through the pain . " A number of times when he returned to Los Angeles , where he was living at the time , he considered switching his expeditions to another part of the world . But China always drew him back . Remote regions open up Today it 's a very different place . Rapid development has n't just boosted the economy -- it 's opened up vast swathes of the country . In 1985 , when Wong led an expedition to find the source of the Yangtze River , he says he and his team traveled for nine days on horseback . They faced not only the challenge of high altitude , but snow , rain and hail . He returned 10 years later to find the same journey took just five days . Another decade saw times reduced even further . "  When I did it in 2005 , it took just three days because the road was much closer . Now we could probably drive all the way to the source , " says Wong , who began leading expeditions for National Geographic before setting up CERS . Expeditions into western China once involved huge amounts of off-roading , but today large mining companies are on the ground and the region is crisscrossed with roads . "  Now if we get stuck , we ask for help from the miners , " says Wong . Though easy access is opening up once very remote regions , the traditional way of life is disappearing . In 1985 Wong says he discovered a small community that trained otters to help them fish . Twenty years later just one family still used this technique . "  Before there was this wide open field to explore , " says the 65-year-old former journalist . "  When you have roads going in left and right , if you have to look really hard to explore , then maybe it 's not where I want to be . " The next frontier Today Wong has to look harder to find truly out of the way places he deems worthy of exploration . He says the best remaining sites are on China 's frontiers . China shares land borders with 14 countries -- Mongolia , Russia , North Korea , Vietnam , Laos , Myanmar , India , Bhutan , Nepal , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan . The often complex cultural and historical backgrounds of frontiers can make them especially interesting , but timing is everything when it comes to the exploring border regions . As its relationships with its neighbors are sometimes volatile , countries fall in and out of favor . "  You always have to look at timing . What was n't possible suddenly may become possible , " says Wong . During a visit two years ago to China 's border with Vietnam , Wong said political unrest made exploration problematic . On the Indian border , it 's currently a different story . China and India 's political and trade ties are better than they 've been for many years , opening it up to exploration . Wong 's top frontier pick is China 's northeastern border with Russia . While the Harbin Ice Festival might draw the crowds , he says this is the place to be in winter . Here , the Amur River freezes so solidly that it 's possible to drive over it in a four-wheel drive vehicle . Wong went there recently to catch up with some reindeer herder friends . "  You can drive almost to the source of the Amur River , the 10th longest river in the world , and see the border troops talking to each other , people ice fishing and crossing the river even through they 're not supposed to , " says Wong . The Chinese border with Laos , near the Golden Triangle , is another region ripe for exploration , particularly for those interested in hill tribes . "  It 's fascinating to look at the dynamics between people at borders , " says Wong . "  A lot of the time the locals are closer to the people across the border than they are to their respective governments , which are far away . " Wong says the border between China 's southwestern Yunnan province and Myanmar is also ripe for exploration , as it is free from the political complications of more sensitive areas close to Tibet or Vietnam . Still , Wong ca n't resist a challenge . He recently set off on a month-long expedition to western Tibet -- a trip made easier by a new road , but complicated by red tape . New visa regulations made it impossible for non-Chinese members of the team to join . As always , he is prepared for further trouble and has several backup plans up his sleeve . "  Exploration has to involve some logistics , some difficulty . If you 're like a sprint runner , ` Oh , I got there first and I 'm home already and on the computer sharing it on Facebook , ' then I do n't call it exploration , " says Wong .	Journalist Wong How Man has been exploring China 's most remote areas since 1974 China shares land borders with 14 countries , which Wong says are the best places for exploration "  It 's fascinating to look at the dynamics between people at borders , " says Wong
New York  CNN  -- Two New York state men have been charged in a bizarre plan to develop a mobile X-ray system that would be used from afar to silently kill people that they deemed "  undesirable , " federal officials said . Glendon Scott Crawford , 49 , and Eric J. Feight , 54 , were arrested Tuesday after an undercover operation by the Albany FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force . They were charged with conspiracy to provide material support for use of a weapon of mass destruction , according to the criminal complaint . Crawford and Feight were developing a device "  intended to be mobile ... designed to turn on remotely from some distance away " that would emit "  some dangerous levels of X-ray radiation , " according to John Duncan , executive assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of New York . Individuals who might have been "  subject to this X-ray radiation , would not immediately know that they had been harmed until some days later when they would either be injured , or it could result in their death , " he said . The suspects intended to use the device to harm and kill "  enemies of Israel , " a Department of Justice news release said . ` Swimming upstream , ' white supremacist groups still strong Undercover agents allegedly heard Crawford , a self-described member of the Ku Klux Klan , state that he "  harbors animosity towards individuals and groups that he perceives as hostile to the interests of the United States " and refers to them as "  medical waste . " He specifically identified Muslims as belonging to this group , according to the criminal complaint . Crawford and Feight appeared in court Wednesday . If convicted , each faces up to 15 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and five years of supervised release . Feight appeared with a lawyer , while the judge appointed one for Crawford . CNN attempted to contact the attorneys late Wednesday but was unsuccessful . Though the device had extraordinary potential for harm , the public was not in danger because of the early involvement of authorities , Duncan said . Photos : a Klansman 's run for sheriff Andrew St. John , a friend of Feight 's for 30 years , called Feight a "  pacifist " and a "  smart guy . " Crawford , a manufacturing employee at a GE plant in Schenectady , New York , worked with Feight , an employee at a nearby automotive company often contracted by GE , according to the investigation report . The automotive company did not comment . Since the arrest , Crawford has been suspended from the company , which is fully cooperating with authorities , according to GE spokesman Shaun Wiggins . "  We have no reason to believe the act took place on GE property , nor is there any information indicating that our employees ' safety was ever compromised , " Wiggins said . According to the criminal complaint , Crawford repeatedly used another GE employee as a proxy "  to covertly obtain the parts list for the remote initiation system " among other things , at times meeting in GE 's parking lot . Wiggins told CNN on Wednesday that he could not speak to those allegations . Crawford contacted two Jewish organizations in April 2012 for funding assistance of an "  off the shelf " technology that could be used by Israel to defeat its enemies by killing them while the slept , according to the criminal complaint . KKK wants ACLU help to adopt highway A lengthy federal investigation then began . Agents met with Crawford and Feight , posing as both potential middle men and customers for this "  radiation emitting device , " according to the criminal complaint . Crawford said the lethal machine would be capable of emitting 8 to 10 grays -- a unit of radiation dose -- toward the target Muslim community , according to the criminal complaint . The radiation-emitting device would be "  Hiroshima on a light switch , " Crawford said , and that "  everything with respiration would be dead by the morning . " Feight was recruited by Crawford to develop a "  remote initiation device " powered "  by a plug-in cigarette lighter electrical source , " according to an affidavit by FBI Special Agent Geoffrey Kent . The system would have three parts -- the X-ray , a power source and a remote initiation device -- and it would fit into a truck , the complaint said . In October , Crawford traveled to North Carolina to meet with a high-ranking KKK official and two businessmen affiliates , all working with the FBI , to discuss his scheme and raise money , according to the complaint . Feight was introduced to undercover FBI agents in November and called the design of the lethal machine "  incredibly smart " because it gives "  a lot more isolation from the ... issue , " according to a recorded dialogue in the criminal complaint . Feight seemingly explains his rationale for involvement in the same meeting . "  When I started seeing how things , the direction things were going ... after the elections , " Feight said , "  You know , the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing . " Crawford was apparently concerned about not surviving a surgical procedure he underwent during the development of the machine . According to the criminal complaint , Crawford made arrangements with colleagues to contact his wife to retrieve his computer and phone , containing important data , so they could move on with the operation . In an e-mail to an unidentified person , Crawford said : "  if something happens I do n't want this to go away , it can serve our people well . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Dana Garrett and Allison Malloy contributed to this report .	FBI : N.Y. state men developed X-ray system capable of emitting deadly radiation The men were charged with conspiracy to provide support for the use of a WMD One man , a member of the KKK , said he would use the device to kill Muslims
CNN  -- Argentina battled to victory on Wednesday night in the team 's first match since Diego Maradona 's reign ended , while new France coach Laurent Blanc suffered defeat after dropping all 23 World Cup players . The South Americans ' caretaker coach Sergio Batista fielded eight of the players who started in last month 's 4-0 World Cup quarterfinal thrashing by Germany in the friendly away to the Republic of Ireland , and came away with a 1-0 win thanks to Angel Di Maria 's first-half winner . The new Real Madrid winger 's 20th-minute goal -- which came despite claims of offside -- meant the Irish could not celebrate the first football international at Dublin 's new Aviva Stadium , which also marked the 100th appearance by captain Robbie Keane . Ireland coach Giovanni Trapattoni missed the match , with the 71-year-old Italian in hospital after needing stomach surgery following complications from a bout of food poisoning . Blanc fielded eight new internationals against Norway following France 's World Cup debacle , but his team lost 2-1 in Oslo despite taking the lead through halftime substitute Hatem Ben Arfa . Forward Erik Huseklepp capitalized on two defensive errors as France 's poor run continued , having crashed out of the World Cup in the first round in June following a player revolt against then coach Raymond Domenech . World Cup winners Spain snatched a late draw away to Mexico thanks to David Silva 's late equalizer after new Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez had scored in the 12th minute . Runners-up the Netherlands were also held to a 1-1 draw away to Euro 2012 co-hosts Ukraine , with midfielder Jeremain Lens putting the Dutch ahead before Alexander Aliev leveled two minutes later on 74 . World Cup semifinalists Germany led Denmark 2-0 before the hosts battled back to earn a 2-2 draw in Copenhagen . The Germans , who finished third in South Africa , went ahead through strikers Mario Gomez  19  and Patrick Helmes  73  but Danish substitute Mads Junker set up winger Dennis Rommedahl and then equalized with four minutes to play . Uruguay , who also reached the last four , won 2-0 away to Angola thanks to goals in the last six minutes from striker Edinson Cavani and young debutant forward Abel Hernandez . New Russia coach Dick Advocaat tasted victory in his first match in charge , beating Bulgaria 1-0 in St. Petersburg thanks to a sixth-minute winner from midfielder Roman Shirokov . South Africa also started a new era on a winning note as coach Pitso Mosimane oversaw a 1-0 victory against World Cup quarterfinalists Ghana in Johannesburg . Striker Katlego Mphela scored the only goal three minutes before halftime , having also netted in the 2-1 win over France in South Africa 's final group match of the World Cup on June 22 . Earlier in the day , five-time world champions Brazil made a winning start under new coach Mano Menezes , beating the United States 2-0 in New Jersey . Teenage striker Neymar scored on his senior debut and recalled AC Milan forward Alexandre Pato netted the other goal as Menezes gave six players their first Brazil outings . The friendlies were part of a large schedule of internationals held in preparation for next month 's start of qualifiers for Euro 2012 and the 2012 African Nations Cup , and January 's Asian Cup .	Argentina beat Ireland 1-0 in team 's first match since Diego Maradona 's reign ended New France coach Laurent Blanc suffers 2-1 defeat in Norway after axing World Cup 23 World champions Spain and runners-up Netherlands held to 1-1 draws World Cup hosts South Africa beat quarterfinalists Ghana 1-0 in Johannesburg
CNN  -- People are interesting , so if you talk to enough people , you 're bound to learn interesting things . That 's the fortune-cookie version of CNN.com 's philosophy when it comes to comments . CNN.com gets thousands of comments on its stories every day . They can be thought-provoking , vulgar , inspiring , offensive or hilarious , but they 're rarely boring . Our audience makes valuable contributions to CNN 's coverage by giving us a broader view of the day 's events . Our Health unit recently published a story about phobias that referenced actress Salma Hayek 's fear of snakes and quoted a San Diego woman with a fear of vomit . It 's an interesting story and dozens of people jumped in to discuss their fears of sharks , heights , crowds , blood and even wet paper . That conversation gave an even better understanding of a problem that affects more than 19 million American adults . We also read through the comments to see which stories are generating buzz and deserve follow-ups , and to look for new story ideas and fresh angles . It 's not all rainbows and unicorns and people can be mean , but we have moderators and other mechanisms in place to help keep things civil . You can check out our Community Guidelines to get the full list of what is and what is n't allowed on CNN.com , but the short version is that we encourage lively discussions and spirited debate . We do n't want comments that are abusive , vulgar , defamatory or obscene . Our moderators can remove comments that violate our guidelines and block users who have a pattern of bad behavior . We 've also given you the power to report abuse when you see comments you think are inappropriate . It 's an evolving system and we spend a lot of time in the newsroom discussing the right approach for delicate stories . Are racial slurs OK in a story about racist language ? Is it appropriate to allow comments calling for terrorists , rapists and serial killers to be killed in the most violent way possible ? Or how explicit is too explicit in a story about sex ? A recent health story about the female G-spot sparked a particularly frank debate . We 're always looking for new ways to highlight user comments on CNN and to make participating in the discussion more rewarding . If you 've got a suggestion , please let us know in the comments .	CNN.com gets thousands of comments on its stories every day Our audience makes valuable contributions to coverage by giving us a broader view We have moderators and other mechanisms in place to help keep things civil
CNN  Sleek chassis , alluring paintwork and a need for speed , but these are no ordinary motors . When pedal hits metal , an eco-friendly process gets set in motion . Powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency , car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving . In Zaria , a city in northern Nigeria , a team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University are currently applying the final touches to the "  ABUCAR 2 . " The students used locally available materials to build the vehicle , and even included recycled electrical components in the engine . While it runs on gasoline , the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars . "  We are sure we have a great car , " says the project 's supervisor Muhammad Dauda . "  Now we are focusing on making some final enhancements to hone the driving strategy -- this is just like Formula One . " Their compact creation , which was built over five months , will travel to The Netherlands in May to compete in the European leg of this year 's Shell Eco-marathon -- the motoring competition rewards those who travel the longest distance using the least amount of fuel . But the team is also working towards a hybrid petro-electric motor , which they hope to unveil in 2016 . At low speeds the vehicle will be powered by electricity alone , but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together . Between extremes , excess power generated by the engine recharges the batteries that power the electric motor . It 's the model that Toyota uses in the Prius . Green-focused designs like these are increasingly needed on the continent , as some studies say 50 % of global emissions of organic carbon could come from Africa in 2030 . At May 's Shell Eco-marathon , ABUCAR 's team will be hoping to race past the sleek "  Autonov III " creation from the University of Lagos . Painted the colors of the Nigerian flag and powered by a solar battery , the car 's aerodynamic teardrop shape helps minimize drag . Constructing earlier iterations of this vehicle was put under stress in 2013 when university teachers went on a six month strike , but the industrial action did n't stop the team from tinkering with the electric engine . "  We 've used small tires to reduce the overall weight of the vehicle , " explains team manager Chukwuemeka Isiogu . "  We 've trained ourselves to just think about fuel efficiency and create the most efficient vehicle . " Other eco-friendly engineers are less about sleek and more focused on comfort . Uganda 's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "  Kiira EV " . With a super-light fibreglass body and lithium ion battery , the car can go 50 miles on a single charge . The design project cost $ 35,000 , but the engineers made sure to include leather seats and a CD player . Whilst working on the Kiira , the team is also developing an 28-seater electric bus which will run on a mixture of electric and solar power . Innovative creations have also come from the University of Benin in Nigeria . Their "  Tuke-Tuke " car -- named after local mini-buses -- is made from locally available materials . The brake pads , for example , are made from palm kernels . Tuke-Tuke also has some key features that will come in handy when slipping through the city 's streets . Windscreen wipers start automatically when rain hits the sensors , gears can be changed with the touch of a button and owners use their finger rather than a key to unlock the doors . And when it gets dark , the driver just needs to clap their hands to turn on the interior lights . Elsewhere , engineers are working on green vehicles for the whole family . One Ghanaian inventor is building SUVs with electric motors powered by rechargeable batteries . Apostle Safo , who also founded a church , dreams big in his five-seater creations which are hand built in Gomoa Mpota , except for the headlights and tires . While he says the product will be affordable , it remains to be seen just how much a handmade SUV would cost . These innovations certainly are impressive concepts , but it 's unlikely electric vehicles will be filling roads on the continent any time soon -- it is unclear how economically viable it would be for governments and companies to build the right number of charging points , but the issue of power itself is even more pressing . "  Reliability when it comes to electricity supply is key , " says South African sustainability consultant Anthony Dane . "  Convincing consumers across Africa to invest in an electric vehicle whilst electricity shortages are such a major issue in so many communities is a challenge . " Read this : Africa 's 10 most prosperous countries More from Marketplace Africa Editor 's Note : CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations	African students and car enthusiasts are creating eco-friendly cars Nigerian students will compete in an "  Eco-Marathon " in May
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish protesters are giving their government the silent treatment . Hundreds of men and women stood silently Tuesday in Istanbul 's Taksim Square emulating the performance artist whose quiet protest Monday night quickly gained him the nickname "  Standing Man . " For more than five hours , Erdem Gunduz had stared toward a portrait of Kemal Ataturk , the founder of the modern Turkish state , whose likeness adorns the side of the Ataturk Cultural Center in the square . Police eventually moved in to arrest many of those who had joined him , but it was unclear Tuesday whether Gunduz was in custody . His quiet defiance came after police broke up weekend anti-government protests with tear gas and water cannon . Turkey has been wracked by more than two weeks of protests against the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . But many of those who joined Gunduz said they were standing only for peace , not taking sides . "  I 'm standing against all violence , " said Koray Konuk , one of those arrested . "  I 'm standing there so that the events that we 've been witnessing and the events taking place over the last two to three weeks can come to a standstill . " Woman labeled ` icon ' of Turkey protests : It 's not about me Konuk , 45 , told CNN that police put him on a bus with up to 20 other people who had joined Gunduz , but that Gunduz was not among them . "  I was just standing . They arrested a man who was just standing , " he said . "  That is absurd . " People , alone or in pairs , continued to arrive and stand silently at the square throughout the day Tuesday . Some held hands in a quiet show of solidarity , and a few supporters even took to putting sunscreen on the faces of some protesters . But police once again arrived in large numbers and took the placid protesters away in vans . The hushed tableau came two days after police swept into Taksim Square and neighboring Gezi Park to clear out anti-Erdogan protesters . The demonstrators tried to return to the park Sunday , only to be driven back by police . Tear gas abates , music fills Turkey 's Gezi Park Root of protests The unrest began in Istanbul in late May , when a small group of people turned out to protest government plans to bulldoze Gezi Park , the city 's last green space , and replace it with a shopping mall housed inside a replica of 19th century Ottoman barracks . Protesters said the plans represented a creeping infringement on their rights in a secular society . Turkey was founded after secularists defeated Islamic Ottoman forces in the early 20th century , and many modern-day secularists frown on Ottoman symbols . Soon after the demonstrations began , security forces cracked down on the protesters . Instead of ending the activity , however , the crackdown prompted more people to come out , many calling for political reforms . The unrest also brought political risks for Erdogan , a populist and democratically elected politician serving his third term in office . Speaking Tuesday to a parliamentary group meeting of his Justice and Development  AK  Party , Erdogan said he had no intention of restricting anyone 's democratic rights . "  If you want to make a protest do it , do it , but do it within the framework of law , " he said . He accused the international media of misrepresenting events in Turkey . "  Vandalism  footage  was twisted and displayed as if it was a innocent environmental protest , " he said . "  International media reported on this in a manner to deceive those who are not acting with them to their side . " He said security forces were being patient , refraining from using guns even when two police officers were wounded by gunfire . "  When their warnings are not heeded , they use tear gas , " he said . The police will not turn a blind eye to illegal actions , he said , in an apparent reference to the ongoing protests . Erdogan reiterated that the government will abandon its plans to build in Gezi Park if the people of Istanbul vote against them . Erdogan plans to muster a show of support this weekend in the Turkish heartland , where he has a strong base . The prime minister told parliament that rallies will be held on behalf of the Justice and Development Party in Kayseri on Friday , in Samsun on Saturday and in Erzurum on Sunday . Is Istanbul safe for tourists ? U.N. concerns U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay on Tuesday expressed concern about the tactics used by security forces against demonstrators . "  I am particularly concerned about allegations of excessive use of force by police against peaceful groups of protesters as this may have resulted in serious damage to health , " she said in a statement issued from Geneva . "  Reports that tear gas canisters and pepper spray were fired at people from close range , or into closed spaces , and the alleged misuse of rubber bullets , need to be promptly , effectively , credibly and transparently investigated , " Pillay said , noting that "  the atmosphere is still clearly highly combustible . " And Human Rights Watch said Monday that the Turkish government 's response to weekend protests was excessive . "  The police assault on a peaceful crowd in Gezi Park and tear gas use in confined spaces showed a dangerous disregard for the well-being -- and indeed the lives -- of protesters and bystanders , " said Emma Sinclair-Webb , senior Turkey researcher for the rights group . "  The repeated police violence against people who are dissatisfied with government policies has deeply polarized Turkey . The government urgently needs to change police tactics and issue a clear signal for restraint . " But Erdogan defended the police approach . "  The police forces have passed the democracy test , " he said Tuesday , according to the semiofficial Anadolu Agency news service . He described the use of tear gas on protesters as an "  incontestable right of police " and the demonstrations as "  an unprincipled , immoderate movement that is based on lies and deception , " Anadolu reported . Trade unions had tried on Monday to put fresh pressure on Erdogan by mounting a nationwide strike . But a crowd that marched on Taksim Square dispersed when faced with riot squads backed by water cannon . Letters from Turkey , with pride ` There is a level of desperation ' While the protests are unlikely to threaten the rule of Erdogan , who is credited with overseeing a decade of economic growth , they are raising questions about what critics say is an increasingly authoritarian style of governing . iReport : Wedding in the midst of teargas Some demonstrators have shifted to protesting in their local neighborhoods in the city , putting up barricades . Meanwhile , the atmosphere in confrontations between police and protesters is turning uglier . "  Now it feels like there is a level of desperation , " said Clare Murray , who was vacationing in Istanbul from New York for the past week . "  The police seem more comfortable with using aggression . " Since Saturday night , 116 people have been detained during protests in Ankara and 242 people have been detained in Istanbul demonstrations , said Huseyin Aslan , general secretary of the Progressive Lawyers Association . Erdogan has accused outsiders of taking advantage of the protests over the park . On Sunday , thousands of his supporters gathered at a rally a few miles from Taksim Square , waving flags and singing songs at a rally that was widely viewed as a re-election rally for the prime minister . Journalist Karl Penhaul and CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and journalist Ian Lee reported from Ankara . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Arwa Damon and Joe Duran in Istanbul , Antonia Mortensen in Ankara and Tom Watkins in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Police arrest a number of silent protesters Hundreds of protesters emulate ` Standing Man ' in Istanbul The U.N. human rights commissioner expresses concern about police tactics Prime Minister Erdogan announces rallies this weekend in three big cities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With "  birthers " mostly silent , "  deathers " are now pushing a new conspiracy theory . The release of President Obama 's birth certificate last week apparently tamped down -- to a large degree -- skeptics who questioned whether he could legally serve as president because they said he was n't a natural-born citizen . Now , a surprisingly diverse crop of people are questioning whether Osama bin Laden is actually dead . Some media outlets and bloggers are calling them "  deathers . " Their claims follow a wide range : Some believe that the world 's most-wanted terrorist was not the man killed Sunday , others think bin Laden is dead but was killed many years ago , and still others believe that the September 11 mastermind is alive -- and secretly being interrogated . One Fox Business Network host is not going quite that far . Judge Andrew Napolitano at one point declared that "  Osama bin Laden is dead , " but he later seemed unconvinced . Napolitano also questioned the president 's authority to kill him . Napolitano began his Monday show by saying bin Laden was "  killed on the illegal whim of the president . " Moments later , he added , "  Osama bin Laden is dead . And the president seems to think he has the right to kill whomever he wants so long as the person is perceived as a monster and the public supports it . " And yet the judge also questioned whether officials are "  telling us the truth or pulling a fast one to save Obama 's lousy presidency . " Later in the broadcast , Napolitano asked a guest , "  Do you believe he 's dead , or do you want some more evidence : a photograph , a testimony of an eyewitness ? Something other than the words of a president whose words we have doubted before ? " Others who are questioning bin Laden 's death include a libertarian talk radio host , a well-known liberal anti-war activist and some everyday Pakistani students . What their claims all have in common -- much like claims that the president was born outside the U.S. , instead of in Hawaii -- is that they go against the agreed-upon facts . Poll : 3 % now think Obama born abroad Obama 's decision not to release the photos of bin Laden 's death seems to be stoking "  deather " fires . Alex Jones is a Texas-based talk radio host who also runs various websites and whose YouTube channel claims more than 24 million views . He is sometimes called a right-wing conspiracy theorist . After the president 's announcement of bin Laden 's death , Jones told his listeners in one broadcast , "  My friends , this is a complete and total hoax . " "  Where is the body ? " Jones asked in another show . "  My White House sources nine years ago , on record , confirmed that he had been killed and was frozen on ice . " Opinion : A no-win decision on releasing photos Cindy Sheehan , who is certainly not an ideological ally of Jones ' , appears to agree with him on bin Laden 's death . Sheehan became famous for protesting President George W. Bush 's Iraq policy -- even camping out at the White House and the president 's Crawford , Texas , ranch -- after her son was killed in the war . Shortly after the president 's bin Laden announcement , Sheehan planted seeds of doubt on her Facebook page and blog . "  It 's not that I do n't believe Obama about Osama because he 's Obama , I do n't believe him because he is just one in along line of butt-naked emperors , " Sheehan wrote . "  The only proof of Osama being dead again that we were offered was Obama telling us that there was a DNA match between the man killed by the Navy SEALs and OBL . Even if it is possible to get DNA done so quickly , and the regime did have bin Laden DNA lying around a lab somewhere -- where is the empirical proof ? " Sheehan continued . Meanwhile , a Facebook page -- named "  Osama Bin Laden Not Dead " -- has been created as a sort of message board for theories . "  This whole story is a distraction from Obama 's birth certificate bollox , " Kevin Lane posted . "  That was all over the news until in the space of 24 hours he had found OBL , killed  but not captured  him , done DNA tests and got the results  dont that take 3 days  and dumped his body at sea . Surely if OBL was/is such a bad man they would want the world to see him dead whether the pics are gruesome or not . " "  Bin Laden was taken alive and is being interrogated some where before being executed , " David Colin Leach posted . Shortly after the announcement of bin Laden 's death , university students in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where he was killed , expressed skepticism . "  That 's propaganda , " one student told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh . "  Osama has been killed 10 years ago in Afghanistan . And it 's just a propaganda to finish the war in Afghanistan . " Others refused to believe that bin Laden was even in Abbottabad . And others echoed calls for the Obama administration to show pictures . "  If it is true , then why are they not showing his body ? " one student asked . Would image silence doubters or fan flames ? One expert on conspiracy theories said that such wide , diverse claims have one common element : They often come from the political "  fright wing . " "  Your conspiracy theories tend to proliferate on the extreme edges of the political spectrum , " said John Avlon , a CNN contributor and author of "  Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America . " "  Unfortunately , you 're going to have people who -- especially in today 's politics and especially with the amplification that the Internet provides -- will embrace conspiracy theories on almost anything . " And Avlon said such people often share a common trait . "  They come up with these ornate explanations , alternate explanations , for how events occur , like JFK 's assassination , in order to keep their own psychology in place . ` Nineteen guys could not have brought down the twin towers . It had to be a government conspiracy , ' they say to themselves . Otherwise , the world becomes really scary and unpredictable and unstable for them . " "  While it 's entirely predictable that certain Osama bin Laden conspiracy theories would proliferate in the Middle East , because of some people who have a creative interest in those rumors ... the fact that such  bin Laden  conspiracy theories are anywhere in the American political spectrum is a little surprising and a lot pathetic , " Avlon added .	Skeptics question whether Osama bin Laden is actually dead Talk-show host calls it "  a complete and utter hoax " Some say story is distraction from Obama 's birth certificate Theories proliferate on "  extreme edges , " author says
CNN  -- Police began drilling Friday outside a suburban Detroit home in the search for Jimmy Hoffa , the labor strongman whose disappearance is one of the most notorious and mysterious in U.S. history . A tipster told police that a body was buried at the spot in Roseville , Michigan , about the time the Teamsters boss disappeared in 1975 . The tipster did not claim it was Hoffa 's body , authorities said . Police Chief James Berlin said Thursday that while the tipster 's information seems credible , he 's not convinced the body is Hoffa 's because of the timeline . He spoke with the tipster August 22 and believes the person did see a burial . 2010 : Digging into the Hoffa legend ? The tipster did not come forward sooner out of fear , Berlin said . Dan Moldea , author of "  The Hoffa Wars , " said the tipster , a former gambler , contacted him March 30 . The tipster used to do business with a man who had ties to Anthony Giacalone , an organized crime figure who was supposed to meet Hoffa the day he disappeared , Moldea said . "  I am very skeptical , " Moldea said of the planned dig . If Hoffa 's burial had taken place at the spot , it would have been in full view of the neighborhood , the author argued . And if Hoffa 's body was disposed of , it would have been done in a way that no evidence would be left years later , he said . It should n't take long to get a sample , which will be sent to Michigan State University for analysis , CNN affiliate WXYZ reported . The reading will determine whether there are human remains at the site but will not identify them , Berlin said . "  It took us a while to get the proper equipment to do what we 're going to do . If this is a person , they 've been down there for 35 years . What 's a few more days ? " Berlin asked . Results from the soil testing should be available next week , the chief said Wednesday . "  If they are positive , we will then start excavating , " Berlin said . The alleged burial site is under a concrete slab , and the residence is occupied by new homeowners , who 've been "  cooperative and excellent to police , " Berlin said . The FBI in Detroit had no comment on the planned search , and a statement from the International Brotherhood of Teamsters said the Hoffa family had nothing to say at this time . "  The Hoffa family does not respond every time a tip is received by authorities . The FBI keeps the family informed , and they will have no comment until there is a reason to comment , " the statement said . Hoffa remains among America 's most famous , and in many ways infamous , missing people . His presumed death has vexed investigators for four decades . One of the most powerful union leaders at a time that unions wielded a great deal of sway over elections -- and were notoriously tied to organized crime -- Hoffa was forced out of the organized labor movement when he was sent to prison in 1967 . He served time for jury tampering and fraud at a federal penitentiary in Lewisburg , Pennsylvania , until being pardoned by President Richard Nixon on December 23 , 1971 -- on the condition that he not try to get back into the union movement before 1980 . Two weeks before Hoffa 's disappearance in 1975 , federal investigators discovered that hundreds of millions of dollars had been stolen from the Teamsters ' largest pension fund , Time magazine points out in its list of the top 10 most famous disappearances . Hoffa , 62 , was last seen July 30 , 1975 , at Machus Red Fox restaurant in suburban Detroit . He was there ostensibly to meet with reputed Detroit Mafia street enforcer Giacalone and Anthony Provenzano , chief of a Teamsters local in New Jersey , who was later convicted in a murder case . Both men have since died . Hoffa believed Giacalone had set up the meeting to help settle a feud between Hoffa and Provenzano , but Hoffa was the only one who showed up for the meeting , according to the FBI . Giacalone and Provenzano later told the FBI that no meeting had been scheduled . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Police and the FBI have searched for Hoffa intermittently ever since . In September 2001 , the FBI found DNA that linked Hoffa to a car that agents suspected was used in his disappearance . In 2004 , authorities removed floorboards from a Detroit home to look for traces of blood , as former Teamsters official Frank Sheeran claimed in a biography that he had shot Hoffa . Sheeran died in 2003 . Investigators ruled that blood found in the house was not Hoffa 's . The FBI has a sample of his DNA from a hair brush . Two years later , the FBI razed a horse barn in Michigan after what it called "  a fairly credible lead . " But the disappearance remains unsolved . Urban lore long suggested that Hoffa was buried around the end zone at the former Giants Stadium in New Jersey . As TruTV puts it , the mystery surrounding Hoffa is not simply a "  whodunnit . " "  The likely suspects are all known , and their motives are well documented . The question is : Where ? What exactly did they do to Jimmy Hoffa , and where did they dispose of his body ? " But over the years , numerous theories have been floated . In 1987 , Joe Franco -- a former Hoffa strong-arm -- and a New York Times reporter published "  Hoffa 's Man , " which Fortune described as "  the hair-raising inside story of Jimmy Hoffa . " "  Rather than being kidnapped by rival union forces as law enforcement authorities have long speculated , Franco says Hoffa was abducted by two federal agents , " Fortune reported . "  He thinks they drove Hoffa to a nearby airport , took off in a small plane , and pushed him out over one of the Great Lakes . Franco says he did not tell federal investigators this bizarre , and unverifiable , story because they would not grant him immunity . " Hoffa 's son , James P. Hoffa , is the current president of the Teamsters . Photos : American gangsters CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Police begin drilling in search for former union boss Jimmy Hoffa A tipster told police a body was buried at a home at the time of Jimmy Hoffa 's disappearance Crews will take a core sample and test it for human remains Former Teamsters leader Hoffa disappeared in 1975
CNN  -- North Korea warned Friday it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island over the next five days , North Korea 's state-run KCNA reported . South Korea "  should take a prompt measure to stop the planned provocative maritime shelling from Yeonpyeong Island , " the report said . The Korean People 's Army "  will deal the second and third unpredictable self-defensive blow at them to protect the inviolable territorial waters of " North Korea "  as it had declared before the world . " The Russian Foreign Ministry also warned against the drills in a meeting Friday among Deputy Foreign Minister Alexi Borodavkin , U.S. ambassador John Beyrle and Lee Younho , the South Korean ambassador to Moscow , according to a statement posted to the ministry 's website . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced Thursday that the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island between December 18 and 21 . The South previously announced military exercises for this week . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled the island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . According to the Russian Foreign Ministry , Boradavkin reminded the U.S. and South Korean ambassadors at Friday 's meeting that the November drill resulted in casulties and that canceling the drills was critical to avoid further possible escalation of tensions . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The U.S. military has said it is concerned that South Korea 's exercises could spark an uncontrollable clash with the North , but the State Department said the exercises are not meant to be threatening or provocative . "  What we worry about , obviously , is if that is misunderstood or if it 's taken advantage of as an opportunity , " Gen. James Cartwright , vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Thursday at the Pentagon . "  If North Korea were to react to that in a negative way and fire back at those firing positions on the islands , that would start potentially a chain reaction of firing and counter-firing . "	NEW : Russian Foreign Ministry urges United States and South Korea to call off military drill November drill on Yeonpyeong Isand resulted shelling by North Korea , four deaths North Korea says it will deliver a "  self-defensive blow " to the South if military exercise takes place Yeonpyeong Island is a flashpoint between the Koreas
The case of Yanira Maldonado brought international attention once more to the innocent people getting caught in Mexico 's drug war . Maldonado , a U.S. citizen and mother of seven children , was released late last week after spending more than a week in a prison in Nogales , Mexico , accused of trying to transport marijuana aboard a bus . She and her husband , Gary , were returning on the bus from a family funeral in Sonora , Mexico , when soldiers at a military checkpoint stopped them . The passengers were told to get out so that the soldiers and an official from the public prosecutor 's office could inspect it . She was arrested and handed over to the official because soldiers said marijuana was found under her seat -- conviction could have meant a minimum of 10 years in jail . A surveillance video showing her boarding the bus with only her purse , blankets and two bottles of water apparently exonerated her . Opinion : Shakedown ` justice ' in Mexico Unfortunately , not everyone is as lucky as Maldonado . The Washington Office on Latin America recently interviewed Rosa Julia Leyva Martinez , who described how one day in 1993 she decided to travel for the first time from her home state of Guerrero to Mexico City to buy some seeds for her plant nursery . According to her video testimony , she was afraid of traveling alone , and some people from her town persuaded her to travel with them . Without her knowledge , she says they had her carry a bag with heroin through airport security . She was blamed for the drugs and taken to police custody , where she says she was tortured and raped and forced to sign a confession . In jail , she learned to read , and the first thing she read was her conviction for drug trafficking for smuggling heroin , which sentenced her to 22 years in prison . She was released after nearly 11 years . As the Mexican government has stepped up its efforts to combat drug trafficking , the number of people who have been detained and accused of crimes related to drugs has dramatically increased . But they must struggle to defend themselves with often poor , or no , legal representation . A 2012 survey of the prison population by the Center for Research and Teaching in Economics in eight of Mexico 's federal prisons found that the majority of the prisoners , 60 % , were in jail for drug crimes . Of these prisoners , more than 43 % said that they did not have a lawyer present when they presented their testimony before the public prosecutor 's office , 44 % said their lawyer did not explain to them what was happening during the trial , and 51 % said their attorneys did not give them any advice . Just as telling is the small number of cases that are ever brought to trial . The Washington Office on Latin America and Transnational Institute did a study on drug laws in Latin America , including Mexico . It found that during the first four years of the government of Mexican President Felipe Calderón -- whose term ran from 2006 to 2012 -- of the 226,667 detainees accused of a drug crime , 33,5000 , or less than 15 % , were ever sentenced . This finding suggests that in the majority of cases , the evidence presented against the accused was n't strong enough for charges to be filed , and of those , relatively few held up in court . Mexico 's justice system has a reputation for being rife with corruption -- with officials too often accused of negotiating with criminals or demanding or accepting bribes to set someone free . Indeed , Gary Maldonado said they demanded $ 5,000 to let his wife go . According to the Mexican Ministry of the Interior 's 2012 National Survey of the Criminal Justice System , 6 % of the Mexicans surveyed had confidence in the justice system . Responders said the main problems were that criminals are not held accountable , the system is corrupt , the judicial process slow , and the service from public servants is poor . In one high-profile case , 23 municipal police officers and two citizens from Tijuana , Baja California , were arrested in March 2009 and held under arraigo , a controversial pre-accusation detention period , while evidence was supposedly being gathered against them for alleged links to organized crime . Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission documented that the agents were tortured during this detention period . Thirteen of the detained were released after spending almost a year and a half in jail ; the rest were released after 3 1/2 years , and the charges against them dropped . The Mexican government has recognized the urgent need to change the country 's criminal justice system . In 2008 , important constitutional and legislative reforms were passed that could transform Mexico 's legal system to an adversarial judicial model with oral trials . This new system is very different from Mexico 's traditional inquisitorial model , where most of the evidence is presented in written form to the judge and the proceedings take place largely outside of the public view . If fully put into place , the reforms should make the justice system more effective , efficient and transparent . In his first few months in office , new Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has affirmed his commitment to implement fully the justice reform at the state and federal level . It will be no small task . Five years after the constitutional reform went into effect , only three of Mexico 's 32 states are working under the new system , and it is partially operational in only 10 others . In support , the United States has provided more than $ 100 million to help Mexico fully adopt the adversarial justice system and to address weaknesses in criminal justice institutions . Last year , Mexican human rights defender Leopoldo Maldonado stated that the country 's justice system had become a "  factory for producing guilty people . " Mexicans -- and indeed anyone accused of committing a crime in Mexico -- deserve better . A full transition to an adversarial system is essential to bring criminals to justice , strengthen the rule of law and provide due process guarantees for the accused . Continued U.S. support is essential as more states and the federal government work to build the criminal justice system that Mexico desperately needs . As in Yanira Maldonado 's case , too many people in Mexico have been deemed guilty until proven innocent .	Maureen Meyer : U.S. woman jailed in Mexico one of many caught in corrupt system Meyer : Thousands arrested in drug wars on little evidence , and some tortured Woman tricked into carrying heroin was raped , forced to sign confession , she says Meyer : Mexico , "  a factory for producing guilty people , " needs new justice system
CNN  -- Aruban authorities have called off a dive team 's search for the remains of Natalee Holloway after two days of searching the waters off Aruba proved fruitless , a spokeswoman for the Aruban prosecutor said Wednesday . The search was initiated after a Pennsylvania couple vacationing on the island told authorities that a picture they took last year while snorkeling looked like a skeleton . Aruban police contacted the island 's tour companies and used a dive team to search the island 's snorkeling locations , said Ann Angela , spokeswoman for the Aruba prosecutor 's office . After searching Sunday and Wednesday , police "  feel pretty confident " they scoured all areas typically used by snorkelers and found nothing that resembled the image depicted in the photograph , she said . "  It 's a dead end , " she added . "  We 're assuming the photo is of coral . " Though no more dives are planned to follow up on the couple 's tip , Angela said the prosecutor 's office will continue "  to follow every lead " in an attempt to determine what happened to Holloway , an 18-year-old Alabama high school student who was on a graduation trip in May 2005 when she was last reported seen leaving a bar in the capital of Oranjestad . Three months after snapping what she said she thought were pictures of "  colorful fish , " Patti Muldowney and her husband said they realized that one of the pictures depicted what appeared to be human remains . "  When I looked at that photo , I said , ` By darn , that certainly does look like a skeleton , ' " John Muldowney told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " last week . The main suspect in the case , Joran van der Sloot , remains free . Van der Sloot has made alleged confession-like statements in TV interviews , one of which involves dumping Holloway 's body in the ocean after she suffered a seizure on the beach . Aruban judges have ruled there is n't enough evidence to arrest him . Holloway 's mother , Beth Twitty , has declined to comment on the photo . The couple , who took the photo to police and the FBI , said it was taken near an old shipwreck . The FBI said it is investigating . Whether the object in the photo is human remains is still up for debate . In underwater burials , it is typical for arms , legs and other extremities to be dispersed and for lighter bones to be carried away from heavier bones by fish , wildlife and water , according to Heather Walsh-Haney , a forensic anthropologist . "  It looks as if there 's something that may be on top of the skeleton , " Walsh-Haney said of the image in the photograph . "  That would certainly bode well for preserving the center of the mass of the body and keeping most of it there . " But Dr. Marty Makary , a physician on the faculty at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , said he sees mixed signs , some indicating the image may not be a skeleton . "  What I do n't like about the photo is , there 's no spinal cord or vertebral column , " he said . "  In fact , below this roundish skull-type profile , you see a curvature which does n't really represent a normal spinal column . " CNN 's Tracy Sabo and HLN 's Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	NEW : Search "  a dead end , " official says . "  We 're assuming the photo is of coral " NEW : Prosecutor to continue "  to follow every lead " to determine what happened to teen Natalee Holloway disappeared during senior trip to Aruba in 2005 ; no arrests made Couple took underwater photo near shipwreck during cruise stop in Aruba
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Air Force disciplined 15 senior officers , including six generals and nine colonels , for their roles in the mistaken shipment of nuclear weapons components to Taiwan , Air Force officials announced Thursday . Air Force Secretary Michael Donley and Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz explain the Tawain nuke probe . The administrative reprimands were in response to an investigation ordered earlier this year by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates . That probe reviewed the service 's intercontinental ballistic missile program after the 2006 shipment became known . The review team , led by Navy Adm. Kirkland Donald , was charged with determining accountability for the shipment . The announcement of the accountability findings was made to reporters at a Pentagon news conference Thursday by acting Air Force Secretary Michael Donley and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz . Both men were involved in deciding what action each officer would face . "  We carefully evaluated the evidence , both that which we derived from the Donald report and other documentation , associated documentation . And we came to the conclusion on what the appropriate sanctions were , " according to Schwartz . "  There is a differentiation of sanction involved for these individuals . And some are significantly more serious than others , " he said . Army officials also announced in a written statement that two Army generals were reprimanded for poor logistics in the supply chain , bringing the total number of officers punished to 17 . The Taiwan incident was one of four known nuclear weapon mishaps . In July , a truck carrying an unarmed missile booster tipped over in North Dakota . The vehicle , which was carrying a Minuteman III rocket booster , tipped on its side on a gravel road about 70 miles southwest of Minot Air Force Base . The crew suffered minor injuries . That same month , the Air Force announced that three officers fell asleep July 12 while in control of a classified electronic part that contained old launch codes for intercontinental nuclear missiles . It happened during the changing out of electronic parts used to communicate with Minot Air Force Base . And in August 2007 , a B-52 bomber flew from Minot to Louisiana with the crew unaware that six nuclear-tipped missiles were onboard . Of the six Air Force generals reprimanded for the Taiwan incident , one requested retirement after receiving the most severe administrative punishment , a letter of reprimand , according to an Air Force statement . Two other generals had already filed for retirement before they received letters of admonishment , according to the statement . Two other generals receiving less severe letters of admonishment will remain in their command . Because of their level of knowledge and understanding of nuclear weapons and command issues , they are considered vital to their missions , according to Schwartz . "  They have unique skills and capacity to serve . And we came to the conclusion , after a careful evaluation , that we could place our respective trust in their continued service , " he said . "  They certainly are on notice that there is no room for error here and that , should they abuse this trust , it wo n't take but about a millisecond to react . " A sixth general received a letter of admonishment but had been reassigned before the report and will remain in his current command . Of the nine colonels disciplined , two were given letters of reprimand and removed from command . Three others were given letters of reprimand but left their positions before the review came out and will remain in their current positions . Three more colonels received letters of admonishment . One was removed of command , one was reassigned before the report and will remain in the new position , and the third will be retained in his current position . The ninth colonel received counseling for failing to execute effective command oversight and remains in his current position . Privacy regulations do not allow the military to name officers below the rank of general who receive administrative punishment . The Air Force provided the following information on the generals involved : -- Lt. Gen. Kevin J. Sullivan received a letter of reprimand for not adequately addressing logistics policy deficiencies and for not correcting known problems in his position as Air Force deputy chief of staff for logistics , installations and mission support . He was also cited for not exercising effective command oversight while serving as commander of the Ogden Air Logistics Center . He has requested retirement . -- Lt. Gen. Michael A. Hamel received a letter of admonishment for not effectively exercising responsibility and for not correcting recurring deficiencies while commander of the Space and Missile Systems Center and Air Force Program Executive Officer for Space . He had previously requested retirement . -- Maj. Gen. Roger W. Burg received a letter of admonishment for not exercising effective command oversight and for not correcting known problems in shipping sensitive components in his current position as commander of 20th Air Force . Donley and Schwartz determined that Burg is needed to restore effective stewardship of the ICBM force , and he will remain in command to continue corrective actions he has initiated . -- Maj. Gen. Kathleen D. Close received a letter of admonishment for not exercising effective command oversight , for not recognizing weaknesses in management of sensitive components , and for not correcting known problems previously identified problems in her current position as commander of the Ogden Air Logistics Center . Donley and Schwartz reached the same determination on her as on Burg . -- Brig. Gen. Francis M. Bruno received a letter of admonishment for not exercising proper oversight and for not correcting known problems in his position as director of logistics for Air Force Materiel Command . He previously requested retirement . -- Brig. Gen. Arthur B. Cameron III received a letter of admonishment for not identifying and correcting deficiencies in operations involving sensitive components , for not ensuring proper control of such components , and for not correcting known problems while he served as commander of the 309th Maintenance Wing . He was routinely reassigned at the normal end of his tour and remains in that position .	Punishment for 6 generals , 9 colonels ranged from letters to command removal Total number of officers was 17 , but 15 of them were senior ranking They were disciplined for roles in erroneous shipment of nuke heads to Taiwan Incident was one of four nuke mishaps that have occurred in recent years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown will stay in rehab a few more weeks despite a prosecutor 's request he be thrown in jail . Brown , who has been on probation since pleading guilty to assaulting girlfriend Rihanna five years ago , is becoming more violent , with his outbursts "  increasing in severity and intensity , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Mary Murray argued Monday . The singer has been in a rehab program for anger issues and drug abuse since November when the judge ordered him to go there instead of jail for an earlier probation violation . But the prosecutor asked Monday that he been locked up in jail because of his arrest in Washington on an assault charge . Although Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin ruled Brown was again in violation of probation , he cited a new report from his probation officer that concluded Brown "  is doing well in the program and making great strides " in rehab . For now , Brown can stay in rehab , the judge ruled . "  It appears your doing well in the program , " he told Brown . "  There 's no reason to put him into custody at this point , " Brown attorney Mark Geragos said after the hearing . "  We 're happy that the judge agreed with us . " Brown is expected to complete the rehab program on February 19 , but he has to travel to Washington for a hearing on the assault charge on February 20 . That case could still send Brown to jail in Los Angeles if he is found guilty . The probation imposed when he pleaded guilty to a felony charge in the 2009 attack on Rihanna requires that he stay out of legal trouble . The judge will hold another hearing on February 28 to decide his fate after rehab . The latest probation report praises Brown 's new improved attitude in complying with probation rules . "  He appears to have a more serious and responsible demeanor and is responding well to dual diagnosis treatment program and changes in medication , " his probation officer wrote . Brown is working on a community labor crew three days a week until he completes 1,000 of work ordered by the judge in November . He 's finished 109 hours and still has 809 hours left before his probation can be completed , the probation officer said . At that pace , Brown has another 101 days of work left . The glowing report is a stark contrast to what the probation officer wrote in November after Brown was booted from another rehab facility after smashing his mother 's car window during a family session . "  There is much concern with the probationer 's new arrest and his violent outburst that resulted in his discharge from a treatment facility , " that probation report said . Brown and his bodyguard , Christopher Hollosy , face assault charges stemming an incident outside the a hotel near the White House in October . The federal prosecutor handling the case offered to let them each plead guilty to one count of simple assault , but they rejected the offers at court last month . Chris Brown rejects plea deal in D.C. court	Judge rejects prosecutor 's motion to throw Chris Brown in jail Prosecutor : Brown 's violent outbursts are "  increasing in severity and intensity " Probation officer : Brown "  is doing well in the program and making great strides " in rehab Brown returns to court on February 28 when judge will again consider jail for him
Twelve months ago , Ruler of the World made history for trainer Aiden O'Brien by capturing the 2013 Epsom Derby , arguably the world 's most prestigious flat race . O'Brien 's former stable jockey , Kieren Fallon , was not in contention that day . He was not even at Epsom . He was 200 miles away in Doncaster , where his best result was second place in a low-key Class 4 handicap . On Saturday , Fallon will resume his rightful place alongside the country 's best jockeys when he lines up for the Derby 's 235th running aboard 12-1 chance True Story . It caps a remarkable reversal in fortunes for the veteran , who turns 50 next year . Yet , like all the best true stories , this one has something of a ring of fiction about it . To many in racing , Fallon is at once the most brilliant and most controversial jockey of his generation . His numerous successes on the track are matched only by his excesses off it . Born in County Clare , in the west of Ireland , he was one of six children . Although not from a racing family , Fallon always had a natural affinity with animals . His love of horses was sparked by the wild Connemara ponies that roamed the harsh landscape near his childhood home . "  I 'd have to say it was a gift , because the first time I sat on a horse I was able to ride , " remembers Fallon . "  I rode them through the fields with no saddle and bridle , just loose and wild . They would tear off across the field and I 'd stay on them as long as I could ! " From there he found his way to The Curragh , Ireland 's horse racing heartland . After serving his apprenticeship with trainer Kevin Prendergast , he crossed the Irish Sea and eventually wound up as stable jockey to Henry Cecil , a relationship that would prove fateful for both parties . Auspicious beginnings In his first season with the Englishman , Fallon recorded his first Classic success , winning the 1,000 Guineas on Sleepytime , following it up with the Epsom Oaks a month later . He ended that 1997 season with 202 winners and the first of his six Champion Jockey titles . He retained the jockeys ' championship for the next two seasons , during which time he also won the first of his three Epsom Derbies with Oath . However , less than two months later Fallon was summarily dismissed following allegations -- which he denied -- of an affair with Cecil 's wife . It was the first of a series of spectacular highs and lows which would come to define Fallon 's career . Indeed , few sportsmen can boast a résumé as checkered as Fallon 's . In addition to his 16 English Classic wins , he has Group 1 victories in the United States , Dubai and Hong Kong to his name , and has twice captured Europe 's ultimate prize , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , with Hurricane Run in 2005 and Dylan Thomas in 2007 . But he has also served two bans for testing positive for recreational drugs , spent time in rehab for alcohol dependency , and was a defendant in a high-profile race-fixing case in 2007 , although he was cleared of all charges . He suffered a potentially career-ending shoulder injury in a fall at Royal Ascot in 2000 , earning him a place in the medical annals as the recipient of the world 's first successful nerve graft . Then there are his fractured personal relationships : he was punched by owner David Reynolds in 2010 , and banned for six months for pulling jockey Stuart Webster off his horse during a race meeting at Beverley 16 years earlier . As recently as last year , he was effectively blackballed by owner Sheikh Mohammed Obaid Al Maktoum , the main patron of his then employer Luca Cumani , seemingly ending his top-flight career once and for all . "  From there it just fizzled out , " admits Fallon . Last season , he rode just 80 winners . A new start Yet Fallon has rebuilt his career more times than he has rebuilt his battered body , and today he is once more a force in top-class races , 11 years after his last champion jockey title . Last month , he won the 2,000 Guineas for the fifth time in a dramatic finish aboard Night of Thunder , some 14 years after his first victory in the race . Come Saturday , he has a realistic chance of landing his fourth Derby and completing what would surely rank as one of the all-time great sporting comebacks . His road to redemption began last winter when he headed to Dubai to ride work for Godolphin trainer Saeed bin Suroor following his dismissal by Sheikh Obaid . He picked up a chance ride in an important race on Prince Bishop , the horse he credits with saving his career . "  Prince Bishop was going to be my last ride , " he confesses . But then he won . Two weeks later , he won again , and Fallon was back . "  From being more or less dead and buried and on the way out , that really rekindled my buzz and my love for winning , " he says . Fallon was soon snapped up by bin Suroor and occupies the coveted top jockey spot at the stable . "  I 'm really enjoying riding for Godolphin , " he says . "  You could n't be in a better place , riding better horses for better people . " Hard work rewarded Indeed , Fallon has now completed a unique full house , having been stable jockey for both Coolmore and Godolphin , as well as Michael Stoute and a pre-knighthood Cecil when their stables were at their peak of dominance . "  He 's one of the best jockeys in the world , " explains bin Suroor . "  In big races you need a guy like him who has experience . "  He 's very tough and he 's very fit . He comes every day to ride in the mornings and knows every single horse in the stable . " Fallon 's work ethic is something that even his detractors appear to agree on -- even Cecil called him a very hard worker . In 2008 , when Fallon received an 18-month ban for his second positive drug test , he continued to ride out for Stoute . "  I spent from first lot to fourth lot riding out and I really enjoyed it , " he says of that time . "  I loved riding out with the lads and having a laugh , and getting physical exercise as well . " Now in the twilight of his career , Fallon appears to be in the best shape of his life , both physically and mentally . "  I play golf and I play squash , " he says . "  I like to cook -- fish , chicken , stews . I do n't eat a lot but I 'll eat little and often . I never let myself get hungry . " Stranger than fiction Has he finally banished the demons that haunted him throughout so much of his career ? "  I 'm happy doing what I 'm doing at the moment . This time I 'm able to enjoy it because I ca n't really go anywhere now , this is it for me . I 'm just planning to get out there this weekend and just take it from there . " Fallon could not have picked a more aptly-named horse for what might prove to be the final chapter of what has been , by all accounts , a sensational career . "  True Story is really going well , " he says of his Derby mount . "  He 's a big , well-balanced horse with a turn of foot . I do n't think he 'll have a problem handling Epsom . " Standing in the way of Fallon and his fairytale ending is Australia , trained by his former boss O'Brien and widely regarded as favorite to win the race . O'Brien 's Coolmore and Godolphin are , of course , great rivals . And Godolphin , no stranger to reversals of fortune , having weathered its own doping scandal last year , is yet to capture English racing 's biggest prize . These omens do not appear to faze Fallon : "  I believe you make your own luck . Enjoy it while you can . " From enfant terrible to master of reinvention , you would not bet against Fallon producing an ending that is stranger than fiction .	Kieren Fallon thought his career was over last season but is back at the peak of the sport Now just shy of his 50th birthday , he is targeting another prestigious Epsom Derby win His career has been littered by controversy both in and out of the saddle His targets are set on a potentially fairytale ending on board the horse True Story
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Natalie Cole 's search for a new kidney ended this week when someone with a compatible organ died and their family asked that it be given to the singer , according to the organ procurement group that handled the donation . Natalie Cole received a kidney transplant Tuesday in Los Angeles . Cole , who underwent a successful kidney transplant at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Tuesday , was "  responding well and recuperating " Thursday , her publicist said . Cole had been on what she called "  a very long list " of people waiting for an organ donation when she got word recently that OneLegacy , an organ procurement agency in Southern California , had a kidney that was a biological match . It was a "  directed donation " from a deceased organ donor , according to OneLegacy CEO Tom Mone . "  Having heard of Ms. Cole 's need for a kidney , the family asked that one of their loved one 's kidneys be transplanted to Ms. Cole if they were a match , " Mone said . Directed organ donations are rare , and rarer still are those directed to someone not related to or known personally by the deceased , he said . The donor will remain anonymous until the family gives permission for the name to be made public , he said . Cole 's need for a kidney donation was highly publicized , including with an appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on March 31 . "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors , " said Cole , the daughter of legendary crooner Nat King Cole . Cole said her kidney troubles date to February 2008 when she was diagnosed with Hepatitis C. Cole said she attributes the Hepatitis C to her well-publicized struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin . Cole said she has been sober for some time now after two stints in a rehabilitation clinic . Cole said she underwent chemotherapy in an aggressive way to fight the virus . Within four months of getting chemotherapy , both of Cole 's kidneys failed . "  I could n't breathe . I -- I went into -- literally , my kidneys stopped functioning . They stopped , you know , processing the fluid that was starting to build up in my body . " Since then Cole has been on dialysis three days a week and has been searching for a kidney , she told King in one of the first public interviews about the issue . Cole won six Grammys for her 1991 critically acclaimed album "  Unforgettable : With Love , " a jazzy tribute to her father . She won a Grammy this year for her new album "  Still Unforgettable " and another Grammy for her work on another album . Cole was still able to tour this year even with her kidney ailment . She canceled a planned show last week in South Korea because of her illness , which meant she was in Los Angeles when the organ became available . "  I have been on dialysis in Istanbul , Milan , Indonesia , Manila , London . It 's -- it 's amazing , " Cole said . During King 's show , dozens of people sent e-mails to CNN telling Cole that they would get tested to see if their kidney could be donated . King handed a thick stack of paper to Cole . "  These are all e-mails from dozens -- dozens of people offering to be tested to see if they can match , who want to give you a kidney , " King said . Cole stared at the papers for a moment . "  There are some great human beings out there . That 's all I can say , " Cole said . Cole is expected to return to the tour after three to four months of recovery . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Natalie Cole 's new kidney came from deceased fan ; fan 's family asked for Cole Natalie Cole underwent kidney transplant surgery Tuesday Singer received supportive e-mails when on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in March
CNN  -- It 's a congested , sprawling transport hub surrounded by 1950s architecture and predominantly used by commuters or tourists to cross the city of Istanbul . But proposed changes to Taksim Square have seen it become the flashpoint for protests that have swept through Turkey in the past week , leaving thousands injured and focusing the world 's attention on the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Taksim has been no stranger to violence . In 1977 , at least 34 protesters died during May Day clashes with police . May 1 rallies in the square were banned in 1980 and were only allowed to legally resume in 2010 . On May Day this year , there were riots after city authorities again refused to grant trade unions and youth groups permission to demonstrate in Taksim , blaming construction work being carried out in the square . Professor Ersin Kalaycioglu , professor of political science at Istanbul 's Sabanci University , said significantly , Taksim Square was also known as "  republic square , " because it was built by the Republic of Turkey 's founding fathers to commemorate the war of liberation . "  Taksim Square is connected to Istiklal Caddesi -- Independence Avenue -- and Cumhuriyet Caddesi -- the Avenue of the Republic . So there is a lot of symbolism that has to do with the Turkish Republic , " he said . Read more : Amid protests , Erdogan returns to Turkey The Turkish word "  taksim " translates as "  divide " and Kalaycioglu said Taksim Square was so-named because the area used to be the site of Istanbul 's main reservoir , where the water was divided up . In the 20th Century and earlier , the area was only partially inhabited , he said , housing a military barracks and military training ground and a cemetery running down the slopes and a military hospital that still remains . "  In the 1930s the cemetery was moved to another part of town and the area was opened up for apartment buildings -- and at one point it was one of the ` poshest ' parts of the city , " he said . "  Most of the apartment buildings face the Bosphorus -LSB- the strait that connects the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara -RSB- , " he said . "  Because of its majestic view , -LSB- Taksim -RSB- is an attraction in its own right . " It was estimated that millions of people went through the area to work every day , Kalaycioglu said . Since the protests , however , Taksim has been blocked to traffic . This impromptu pedestrianization inadvertently reflects the authorities ' plan to divert all traffic from the square . Kalaycioglu said plans to take the traffic underground included a pedestrian curb but after the tunnel was dug it was discovered that not enough room had been allowed for foot traffic . That was when the government decided to slice off part of Taksim 's Gezi Park -- one of the last green spaces in Istanbul 's center -- "  which the ecologists and architects of the city started to argue against . " Read more : Is Gezi Park Turkey 's Tahrir Square ? "  When machines were sent in to take down the trees , the people who had been protesting there tried to stop them and a row intervened between the construction company and the protesters -- and police intervened , " Kalaycioglu said . But in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Mevlut Cavusoglu , the deputy chairman of Erdogan 's AK Party said the project for Taksim Square had enjoyed cross-party support . "  This project was actually supported by all the political parties in the city council and it was adapted unanimously at the city council , " Cavusoglu said . He added that the number of trees in the square would be increased by the project -- with plans to replant 10 of those being removed from Gezi Park . Cavusoglu denied reports that a mall was part of the project . "  The building of a shopping mall has never been considered here in Taksim Square . What is -LSB- being -RSB- considered is the pedestrian way and putting car traffic under the tunnel and enlarging Taksim Square , " he said . "  Only old military barracks is considered to rebuild . " Watch : Turkish politician denies mall was ever planned Turkey 's Ottoman past The barracks being reconstructed are from the 19th Century , a period when Turkey was still ruled by Ottoman sultans , who declared themselves the "  caliphs " -- or spiritual leaders -- of the Muslim world . In 1922 , first president of the Republic of Turkey , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , sent the last sultan into exile and two years later , banned the caliphate and declared Turkey a secular state -- so the ideals of the Republic of Turkey clash with those of the country 's Ottoman past . The plans to rebuild Ottoman-era barracks had raised two different issues -- the physical change and the idea behind it , said Benjamin Fortna , professor of Middle Eastern history at SOAS  School of Oriental and African Studies  , University of London . "  The idea -- building a replica of a past building - probably suggests to some people that the government 's trying to link itself to the Ottoman past . But of course the square does exist from the Ottoman period . " Fortna said many people objected to a "  kind of glorification " of the Ottoman era , which the early republic had tried to "  ignore and denigrate . " Kalaycioglu said the barracks had also been associated with the massacre of Christian army officers during a major uprising against constitutional rule in 1909 . "  In the minds of the people , -LSB- the uprising -RSB- was the conspiracy of the sultan who tried to get rid of the officers in 1908 by using religious provocation , " he said . "  That left an indelible mark in the minds of the people that religion could be deployed as a major factor against modernization . " That concept was "  at the very base " of Erdogan 's AK Party , Kalaycioglu said . The plans for Taksim Square also including the building of a mosque , he said . This meant "  anybody objecting to the project would be objecting to a mosque " and the AKP was presenting objectors as atheist , secular , communist , anti-democratic and anti the people , he said . "  The masses on their side will be conservative and Sunni Muslim , " he said . The proposed mosque would also overshadow the statues of the major figures of the republic represented on the Monument to the Republic in Taksim Square , Kalaycioglu said . Taksim 's lack of religious connotations was "  probably one of the reasons that it was favored by the republic as a modern urban space , " Fortna said . The plan to build a mosque in Taksim was therefore "  highly controversial and something that those with a secular orientation in the city and the country itself would resist , " he said . "  The other side would see it as a natural place to have a mosque . " Read more : Why Turks are so angry The term "  secular " -- most often understood in the West as referring to the separation of religion and government -- was often applied to Turkey , Fortna said . "  But in Turkey itself they use the French term ` laÃ ¯ que . ' In Turkey you really have the situation that 's related to the founding of the republic - that the state will kind of control religion , " Fortna said . "  So , for example , the Directorate of Religious Affairs is responsible for deciding the text that Muslim clerics can deliver in their Friday sermons . " Kalaycioglu said the government also planned to demolish the Ataturk Cultural Center . They -LSB- Erdogan 's government -RSB- want to get rid of anything and everything to do with Ataturk , " he said . Kalaycioglu suggested that another example of this was the government 's proposal to close down Ataturk Airport -- Istanbul 's main international hub -- and build a new airport in the north . He said this would involve excavating a new channel between the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara . "  All this to get rid of the name of Ataturk . There 's a lot of ideological baggage . " ` Contested space ' Fortna said Taksim had long being a contested space and plans to change it would always be likely to cause controversy . "  Because it 's such a central location and because of its particular make-up and associations -- whatever happens there will probably be heavily scrutinized and criticized , " he said . "  Taksim is a place where demonstrators habitually gather . There 's always a May Day protest for example . It 's a place where people would naturally gravitate -- it 's one of the few places where there 's a fairly large open space in the city , " he said . The current demonstrators have demanded Erdogan 's resignation , accusing his government of creeping authoritarianism , while the prime minister has said the protests are part of an attempt by opponents who lost to his AK Party to beat it "  by other means . " "  The issue of trees in Gezi Park thing is just the trigger , " he said on Monday . Kalaycioglu said the number of protesters had surged after evidence emerged of a brutal police response to the initial Taksim demonstration . He said the government had "  started to argue that it was just a group of marauders " but that a huge majority seemed to be ordinary citizens , from all ages and walks of life and the government had eventually realized this and pulled the police out of the scene . In his interview with Amanpour , Cavusoglu -- Erdogan 's deputy -- acknowledged that police had been heavy-handed and said their actions would be investigated but insisted that the government represented the Turkish people . "  At each election the people have been increasing their support for our government and our prime minister , " he said . "  We are the democratic government and democratically elected parliament . " But Kalaycioglu said the protests had spread spontaneously through Turkey , "  motivated by the same theme . " The government was "  jumping on freedom of expression and freedom of the press , " he said . "  The big issue there is , is of course freedom of expression and to be treated as stakeholders -- not as cockroaches . More is at stake than just Taksim Square . "	Taksim Square was where Istanbul 's water was distributed -- Taksim means divide The site is seen as symbolizing the seclar Turkish republic founded by Ataturk Erdogan 's government 's plans to alter Taksim 's Gezi Park prompted protests The police 's heavy-handed response saw demonstrators ' numbers surge
London  CNN  -- Singer Robin Gibb has "  confounded " his doctors by emerging from a coma just days after they thought he might not survive it , his physician said Sunday . Days ago , Bee Gees star Gibb was in a coma and battling pneumonia , the latest turn in health issues that include a recent battle with colon and liver cancer . Now he is "  fully conscious , lucid and able to speak to his loved ones , " Dr. Andrew Thillainayagam said in a statement . "  He is breathing on his own , with an oxygen mask . He is on intravenous feeding and antibiotics . He is of course , exhausted , extremely weak and malnourished . Our immediate goals are to ensure that Robin 's swallowing mechanism is safe enough to allow him to eat and drink , and that he recovers enough strength to breathe effectively , without needing high levels of oxygen by mask . " When that happens , he may be moved out of the intensive care unit at the London Clinic , the doctor said . "  It is testament to Robin 's extraordinary courage , iron will and deep reserves of physical strength that he has overcome quite incredible odds to get where he is now , " Thillainayagam said . The good news comes just three days after Thillainayagam warned Gibb 's family "  that I feared the worst. , " he said . "  We felt it was very likely that Robin would succumb to what seemed to be insurmountable obstacles to any form of meaningful recovery . As a team , we were all concerned that we might be approaching the realms of futility . " "  The road ahead for Robin remains uncertain but it is a privilege to look after such an extraordinary human being , " Thillainayagam said . Gibb 's wife Dwina and children Robin-John , Spencer , and Melissa have been at his bedside every day , the doctor said . Robin Gibb 's twin brother , Maurice , died in 2003 of a twisted bowel . His brother Andy died at age 30 from a heart infection in 1988 . The Brothers Gibb -- calling themselves the Bee Gees -- soared to renown as one of the most successful British groups after the 1977 film "  Saturday Night Fever " starring John Travolta was built around the group 's disco songs . Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 , the Bee Gees have sold more than 200 million albums , and their soundtrack album to "  Saturday Night Fever " was the top-selling album until Michael Jackson 's "  Thriller " claimed that distinction in the 1980s . While often in the background as brother Barry sang lead vocals , Robin Gibb stepped forward on several top tunes , including "  I Started a Joke " and "  I 've Got ta Get a Message to You . " He also recorded several solo albums during his career .	Gibb is fully conscious and lucid , his doctor says 3 days ago , the doctor told Gibb 's family he feared the worst The road ahead is uncertain for Gibb , the doctor says The Bee Gees were one of the most successful British music groups
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A UK terror suspect whose trial on terror charges reconvened Wednesday in Kenya served jail time with one of the men who carried out the 2005 London bomb attacks and may have been influenced by him , a British intelligence report reveals . The report , which was shared with Kenyan counterterror authorities and was obtained by CNN , suggests that Jermaine Grant developed a relationship with the London bomber , Jermaine Lindsay , while they were held at a London facility . British intelligence officials believe Grant was radicalized during that prison term . He is facing three counts of conspiracy to commit a felony . A source said the facility where Grant and Lindsay met was Feltham Young Offenders Institution , the same prison in which U.S. "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid was allegedly radicalized , and where July 21 attack leader Muktar Said Ibrahim did time . Grant was being held at Feltham for non-terror-related offenses , the source said . Grant is accused of having connections with the al Qaeda-linked Somali group Al Shabaab , and then being dispatched as part of a cell to carry out attacks in Kenya 's port city of Mombasa . He 's suspected of targeting hotels frequented by Western tourists in the city . Police allege he worked with Lindsay 's widow , British national Samantha Lewthwaite , who is also wanted by Kenyan police on terror charges but remains at large . Grant , who was arrested in late 2011 , is being tried in a court complex within a maximum security prison because Lewthwaite hatched a plan to break him out , Kenyan authorities say . The alleged jailbreak plot has contributed to numerous delays in judicial proceedings . Kenyan counterterror police say they found the same kind of bomb-making materials as were used in the London bombings at the last known residence of Lewthwaite in Mombasa . Among the seized items police presented to reporters were firearms , munitions and chemicals including hydrogen peroxide . ` Bomb-making materials ' The court in Mombasa heard Tuesday that British counterterror officers who flew in to monitor proceedings had brought with them a large volume of evidence prepared by the counterterrorism team of London 's Metropolitan Police . Grant 's defense team asked the court to give them more time to study the evidence , which was provided to them that day , saying they would need to consult technical experts . Lawyer Chacha Mwita also objected to the court hearing the testimony of three Metropolitan Police officers before the defense team has time to study the reports . Warda Breik , believed to be Grant 's Kenyan wife , is also charged in the case . She arrived in court Tuesday flanked by close family members , including her mother . The July 7 , 2005 , bombings targeting London 's public transit network killed 52 people and the four bombers . London bomb survivor says humanity can beat despair CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported in Nairobi and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Mohamed Dahir contributed from Mombasa .	A British report suggests Kenya suspect Jermaine Grant knew one of the 7/7 bombers Grant served jail time with Jermaine Lindsay , who took part in the attack on London , it says Grant , from Britain , is on trial in Kenya accused of planning an attack on Mombasa He 's accused of working alongside Lindsay 's widow , Samantha Lewthwaite
New York  CNN  -- Four people were killed after a passenger car went into a creek in the Queens section of New York , a city Fire Department spokesman said Saturday . The accident was reported late Friday night . Police officers found the car submerged in Steinway Creek , and Fire Department divers removed four people . Darius Fletcher , 21 ; Jada Monique Butts , 19 ; Crystal Gravely , 19 ; and Jaleel Furtado , 20 , all of East Elmhurst , New York , were pronounced dead on arrival at area hospitals , the New York Police Department said in a news release . The driver , a 20-year-old man , is listed in stable condition at Elmhurst General Hospital , New York Police Department spokeswoman Annette Markowski said . Investigators said the 2009 Honda Accord hit a curb on 19th Avenue and rolled into the creek , part of the East River waterway . Fire Department spokesman Mike Parrella said there was a drop from the street to the water of at least 5 or 6 feet . The amount of water in the creek "  was enough to submerge the vehicle . " Parrella said .	The incident occurred in the Queens section of New York The driver survived and is listed in stable condition The car hit a curb and rolled into the creek , which is part of the East River waterway
CNN  -- The fate of 29 New Zealand coal miners and contractors remains a mystery more than 20 hours since they were last above ground , with rescuers awaiting word that conditions are safe to go after the trapped men . An explosion rocked the Pike River mine , on New Zealand 's west coast between Greymouth and Reefton , around 4 p.m. Friday New Zealand time . Two men walked out with minor injuries , but their colleagues -- ages 17 to 62 -- were trapped as much as 2.2 kilometers  1.4 miles  from the tunnel 's opening and have not been heard from since . For now , authorities are monitoring results from a series of tests to determine if the air-quality underground is safe enough to send in help . The four tests conducted thus far , focusing on carbon monoxide levels , have been "  inconclusive , " said Pike River Coal CEO Peter Whittall at a Saturday afternoon press conference . The rescuers are miners themselves , according to Gary Knowles , superintendent of the Tasman Police District , who is heading the rescue effort . For now , they are conducting drills and ready to go in at a moment 's notice . "  Safety is paramount for me , " said Knowles . "  When the opportunity arises , they 'll be ready to go . They want to save their colleagues . " The miners ' families , meanwhile , are at a Red Cross hall in Greymouth , about an hour from the site , where they 're getting updates from the mine company and emergency rescue personnel . Whittall said the relatives are away from the mine site , near the town of Atarau about 90 miles northwest of Christchurch , because "  it does n't add any value to the rescue operation and it does n't add value to them , either . " Right now , they are mostly left to wait . "  There 's 29 men down there . And there 's 29 families . And there 's 29 different sets of circumstances , " said Whittall . "  And all of them are dealing with it in their own way . " The two survivors , one of whom has a brother trapped underground and whose father is the mine 's safety manager , spent Friday night in a local hospital after suffering moderate blast injuries before being released Saturday . They both have talked to authorities , who still do n't know what caused the explosion or the current condition of the mine . There are drinking water sources underground , said Whittall , and the workers likely brought some food with them . Although no contact has been made , officials are hopeful the trapped men found refuge near a ventilation shaft and might be getting fresh air from a broken compressor pipe . The situation in New Zealand is different from Chile , where rescuers successfully freed 33 men stuck underground in a copper and gold mine for 69 days . There are two routes out of the mine , Whittall said . Unlike the Chilean mine , where 33 miners were rescued in mid-October , the Pike River mine has steep terrain , and the shafts run horizontally into the hill , not vertically into the ground . "  This is not Chile . It 's a whole different type of mine , " said Knowles . Still , like in Chile , government and rescue authorities said they 've been getting offers of help from around the region and the world . Gas testing equipment has been flown in from Australia to help with the rescue operation , with engineering and health experts ready to assist . A Facebook page devoted to the rescue effort had attracted over 9,500 supporters by Saturday afternoon from people wishing the miners well , offering prayers and asking for information . New Zealand Prime Minister John Key , who spoke briefly at the end of Saturday 's press conference , said that he 's received offers of help from many groups and people , including an e-mail from Prince William that his heart went out to the miners . "  From the government 's perspective , we 're doing everything we can to make sure these 29 brave men are taken out of the mine , " said Key . "  It 's a difficult time for everyone . "	Rescuers are waiting on air-quality safety tests to go after trapped miners Prince William sends message to prime minister Authorities have met with family members of 29 trapped men Those trapped could be as far as 2.2 km  1.4 miles  from the mine entrance
CNN  -- Police in a Chicago , Illinois , suburb Wednesday were investigating a pipe-bomb explosion that decapitated a man . The body of Colin Dalebroux , 21 , was found near a middle school close to his apartment in Evanston , Illinois , on Tuesday , CNN affiliates reported , citing local police . WGN-TV reported that a man walking his dog in a park found the body when his pet tugged at his leash . The man , Dale Wyatt , and another pedestrian saw the body and called police . "  Honestly , at first I thought it was a mannequin , like somebody was playing a sick prank , " Wyatt said . Wyatt said the body "  was laying , his legs were underneath his body like he was laying down . His right arm was up and then everything from the neck up was completely gone . " Police on Tuesday said an explosion was heard in the area about 3:53 a.m. and residents thought it was a blown transmitter . Police responded but could n't identify the source of the sound . Nearly two hours later , police were called again when the man 's body was discovered . Police arriving on the scene saw what they thought was an "  operable explosive device " and called the Cook County Bomb Squad . Officers immediately established a safety perimeter and went door-to-door to notify residents . The device was safely rendered inoperable , authorities said . Police believe the victim had two explosive devices , thought to be pipe bombs : the one that was dismantled and "  one of which detonated ending his own life . " Police searched the area and went to what was thought to be the victim 's residence . "  While at this location , Evanston Police determined that no immediate public safety risk existed , " police said Tuesday . Investigators were working with the FBI to examine the man 's computer . The school , Nichols Middle School , is closed for the second day in a row because of the blast and the probe into the incident .	The incident occurred in Evanston A passer-by walking his dog spotted the corpse Authorities are examining the victim 's computer
