We climbed the stairs to the third floor , where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2 , 2011 . I stepped into the bedroom where he was killed and looked up at the ceiling , where you could still see the patterns of blood that had spurted from bin Laden 's head when the bullet fired by a U.S. Navy SEAL tore through the terrorist leader 's face . The height of the room was low for someone as tall as bin Laden , who was 6 foot 4 . Outside the bedroom was a small terrace surrounded by a high wall . Overlooking the enclosed terrace were large and now broken plate glass windows that would have provided a lot of light for bin Laden during the day . In the bedroom in which al-Qaeda 's leader finally was killed , I had expected a frisson of something ; perhaps a sensation like exploring Hitler 's bunker complex beneath the streets of Berlin at the end of World War II . Instead , I felt only a mild curiosity . On a shelf in bin Laden 's bedroom was a box of Just For Men hair dye ; in the final years of his life bin Laden dyed his hair and beard jet black to maintain a youthful appearance . I also noticed some medicines like ampicillin , ibuprofen , Nestle energy glucose strips , Amplicox  a penicillin  and Spasler P syrup , which has an antispasmodic effect on the muscles of the gastrointestinal and urogenital tracts . I examined bin Laden 's tiny bathroom , about the size of a closet , and noticed that he used a toilet that was really only a hole in the floor over which he had to squat to do his business . It 's not the image that one usually associates with the world 's most wanted man . Next door to the bedroom , which he shared with his much younger Yemeni wife , was bin Laden 's study . Crude bookshelves lined the walls and another large window overlooked the enclosed terrace . It was here that bin Laden composed often mammoth memos to his key lieutenants as he sought to maintain some measure of control over his organization , which was now under intense assault by the United States and its allies . Some of these memos are being released on Thursday by West Point . * * * In February I secured permission to enter Osama bin Laden 's compound in the northern Pakistani city of Abbottabad , where he was killed and where he had lived for the last half-decade of his life ; the first , and only , journalist to do so . I was escorted by officers of Pakistan 's military intelligence agency , ISI , past checkpoints manned by armed soldiers who were there to dissuade the merely curious from approaching the compound . Arriving at the front gate of the bin Laden residence , we were joined by a Pakistani Army captain wearing a sidearm . He would be our escort . I had been instructed "  no photographs . " Clearly , this rule would be enforced were it to become necessary . We entered through the main metal gate of the compound , which opened onto an internal narrow street with high walls on both sides . We then turned right into a small field , around a third of an acre in size , where the residents of the compound grew crops . This field was enclosed by the compound 's walls on three sides , and on one of the sides there was a small storage shack for the harvested crops . I could see burn marks on one of the outer walls of the compound where the tail rotor of a helicopter had clipped the wall and broken off . It was the stealth Black Hawk helicopter that had developed mechanical problems during the U.S. Navy SEAL raid that killed bin Laden . There were also burn marks in the field where the downed chopper was subsequently blown up by the SEALs as the raid was ending . On the other side of the compound were concrete feeding pens where the residents kept cows . Beyond that was a large garden where they grew vegetables such as cucumbers . In the vegetable garden there was a small "  hujra " structure that functioned as a sitting room and that was littered with cardboard boxes for computer equipment . The bin Ladens also kept honeybees and rabbits . On the ground there were scattered cartons of Quaker Oats and large empty cans of Sasso olive oil . On one side of the compound was a self-contained , walled-off annex area . This is where bin Laden 's trusted courier , Ahmed al-Kuwaiti , lived with his wife and four children . In this annex area was a simple garage where bin Laden 's courier parked his white jeep and red van . Inside the courier 's one-story house , all the rooms were small and simple . They consisted of a washroom with a shower , a kitchen , a bedroom and a storage room . Children 's toys were scattered around the floors of this building and children 's bikes were parked in the storage area . There were medicine bottles and cough syrup on shelves in the bathroom and a calendar in the kitchen that marked Ramadan eating and prayer times . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter On the night of the raid , Pakistani officials found the courier 's body lying just outside his bedroom and behind a locked grey door with windows that had been shot out . The courier was killed with two bullets to the chin and his wife , Mariam , was shot and wounded . The Pakistani intelligence official guiding me through the compound said there were no AK-47 bullets found at the scene and he therefore surmised that the courier had been taken by surprise and was shot before he could reach for his AK-47 , which was recovered leaning against the wall of the Kuwaitis ' bedroom . Leaving this annex area we passed through a metal door in an internal compound wall and came into a pleasant lawn area , in the middle of which was a small structure that was used by the residents as a sun room . Next to this was a water tank and a bread oven . Dominating the lawn was the three-story house in which bin Laden lived with his three wives and a dozen of his children and grandchildren . We entered the front door of the house . On the right was a study and on the left a bedroom . On the door of this room I saw graffiti , which turned out to be verses of the Quran . It was in this room where , after the raid , Pakistani officials found the courier 's brother and his wife , both shot dead . Officials also found about a dozen children with their hands tied together in this ground floor bedroom . Deeper into the house was a kitchen and two sizable storage rooms . At the back end of the ground floor was a room where the bin Laden family would watch the sole TV in the compound . In this room was a gas heater that had an improvised exhaust system attached to it made from bits of sheet metal hammered together . At the back of the house was the stairwell . Blocking the way up the stairs was a massive yellow iron metal door that sealed off access to the upper two floors of the house . This gate had large blast marks on it where the SEALs forced their way through as they closed in on bin Laden . Halfway between the ground floor and the second floor , Pakistani officials found the body of Khalid bin Laden , bin Laden 's 23-year-old son , who was shot and killed by the SEALs on the staircase . The SEALs shot to kill or wound most of the adults they encountered in the compound , killing four men , one woman and wounding two other women . Of the 11 adults on the compound  which included three of bin Laden 's adult children : Khalid , 23 , Mariam , 20 , and Summiya ,18  they shot seven of them . They did not shoot at bin Laden 's two older wives . On the second floor of the compound were rooms for the older wives and for his various children and grandchildren . Their beds were made from plywood boards hammered together . As on the previous floor , there was an improvised system of metal pipes to remove the exhaust from a gas heater . In the kitchen of each wife 's area there was a similar improvised exhaust system made from sheet metal to expel kitchen smells . The overall effect of all this was of a long-term but makeshift camping site and the overwhelming impression I had was one of squalor . Medicines for indigestion and other ailments littered the floor and there was a large amount of broken glass everywhere , testament to the intensity of the SEAL assault on the compound . This second floor had a terrace from which there was a lovely view of snow-capped mountains . From this terrace one could look down to an area where a guard dog was once tied and there was a coop for chickens . In the area where the chickens were kept I noticed several computer keyboards strewn about , presumably left there as the SEALs hurriedly carted off much of bin Laden 's computer equipment . The image we have of bin Laden in his final years in Abbottabad is of an aging man with a graying beard watching old footage of himself ; just another suburban dad flipping though the channels with his remote . And in the end , bin Laden died in a squalid suburban compound surrounded by his wives and children and far from the front lines of his holy war .	Peter Bergen was only journalist to visit place where bin Laden lived -- and died Bergen says the squalid compound seemed like a camping site Bin Laden 's room still contained medicines and hair dye he used From this site , bin Laden composed memos in effort to control al Qaeda , Bergen says
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will visit Japan and China this week as a dispute seethes over Beijing 's recent claim of a large swath of airspace in the region . The Chinese declaration less than two weeks ago has prompted a war of words between governments and flights through the contested air zone by military planes from the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . The uneasy situation in the sky over the East China Sea has raised fears that a midair incident could cause circumstances to spiral out of control . It has also fueled concern about how far China is willing to go to pursue its interests in the Asia-Pacific region and push back against U.S. influence . "  Whatever Beijing 's motives in declaring the zone , it will add to the growing international tide of suspicion and sometimes even outright hostility as China increasingly asserts its growing power , " Andrew Hammond , a geopolitical analyst , wrote in a commentary for CNN.com this week . U.S. officials say that during his visit this week , Biden will raise American concerns about Beijing 's newly declared air defense identification zone -- which the United States and Japan reject -- and encourage dialogue among countries in the region to ease tensions . He will also "  make the broader point that there is an emerging pattern of behavior by China that is unsettling to China 's own neighbors , " a senior Obama administration official said in a briefing last week . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki reiterated Monday that Washington does n't recognize the air defense zone nor China 's demand to be notified of plans by jets from other nations to fly into the area . Psaki said the U.S. position is separate from any U.S.-based airlines ' decisions to comply with China 's demands . Reassuring an ally Biden will begin his Asia trip in Japan , the U.S. ally that is locked in the most direct confrontation with China and plans to beef up its military . Tokyo and Beijing 's bitter dispute over a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea has already led to frequent tense encounters between the two sides ' ships and planes over the past year . Now , China 's new air defense zone overlaps significantly with that of Japan and encompasses the disputed islands . China is asking aircraft entering its air defense zone to identify themselves and submit flight plans . Japan has told its airlines not to comply with the new Chinese demands , but the U.S. government has urged American carriers to follow Beijing 's instructions . After arriving in Tokyo late Monday , Biden is scheduled to meet Tuesday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who is likely to want reassurances of American commitment to standing firm against China 's air zone claims . The United States has thousands of troops stationed in Japan , and U.S. officials have reiterated that a mutual defense treaty between the two countries applies to the disputed islands , known as Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China . Biden will stress that "  the United States has a rock-solid commitment to our allies , " a senior administration official said this week . He will also push for a reduction in tensions in the region , the official said . China flies fighter jet into disputed air defense zone ; Japan remains defiant A bolder China But the American opposition to China 's new air defense zone is n't simply a matter of supporting Japan and South Korea , another U.S. ally upset by the Chinese claim . U.S. officials say that China 's zone impinges not only on existing zone 's declared by Japan and South Korea , but also on international airspace that is regularly used by commercial carriers , civil aircraft and military planes . China argues , however , that it has the right to establish the air defense zone , just as Japan and South Korea were allowed to set up theirs in previous decades . It has also left open the possibility that it could declare more zones in the region , notably in the South China Sea where it 's engaged in territorial disputes with the Philippines , Vietnam and others . After Japan , Biden will travel to Beijing , where he 'll meet with several top Chinese officials , including President Xi Jinping , who assumed power slightly over a year ago . Many analysts see Xi as the mastermind behind the new air defense zone declaration , identifying the move as part of an assertive new Chinese foreign policy aimed at testing U.S. resolve in the Western Pacific . China says it monitored U.S. B-52s that flew through its new air zone U.S. officials have emphasized the importance of the personal relationships cultivated between top leaders in Beijing and Washington . The question is whether Biden 's previous meetings with Xi will give him enough traction to defuse tensions over the East China Sea . In an editorial published Monday , the state-run newspaper China Daily predicted that the air defense zone could be "  a hard-to-navigate topic " for Biden and British Prime Minister David Cameron , who is also visiting Beijing this week . The pivot to Asia The final stop on Biden 's tour will be in South Korea , another key American ally , where he will meet with President Park Geun-hye . China 's new air defense identification zone partially encroaches on South Korea 's existing zone , and has drawn criticism from Seoul . But other sensitive issues concerning the United States are also simmering on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea is holding two U.S. citizens prisoner , and Washington continues to press for their release . Beyond the immediate issues , Biden 's visit aims to underscore American commitment to its broader foreign policy goal of focusing more on the Asia-Pacific region . That effort was undermined earlier this year when President Barack Obama canceled a visit to four Asian nations -- including two regional summits -- because of the U.S. government shutdown . "  The message is clear and simple : The United States is a resident Pacific power , we 're here to stay , and we 're actively engaged on the full spectrum of issues in the region , " a senior administration official said last week . Massive naval power remains at heart of America 's look eastwards	State Department says U.S. military and government planes wo n't recognize zone Biden will visit Japan , China and South Korea during an Asian visit His trip comes as the region has been roiled by China 's new air defense zone claim U.S. officials say Biden 's visit is aimed at voicing concern but also reducing tensions
Iraqi officials insisted Tuesday they were holding on to a key oil refinery while making gains elsewhere against militant fighters . The deputy prime minister for energy affairs , Hussain al-Shahristani , denied media reports that militants had taken the Baiji oil refinery , saying that security forces are still fighting militants at the site . The state-run Iraqiya news agency also claimed that security forces still controlled the refinery . Iraqi special forces killed the militant who led the attacks against the refinery , who goes by the name of Abu Qutada , Iraqiya said . Airstrikes also killed 19 militants , the news agency reported . The reports run contrary to earlier statements to CNN by Iraqi security sources who said militant fighters believed to be from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , had seized the refinery . The Baiji refinery , in northern Salaheddin province , is a crucial resource because it refines much of the fuel needed for domestic consumption . Long lines have already formed at many gas stations across the country . Crisis in Iraq : Latest developments U.S. officials say they think ISIS now has as many as 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria -- including those who have broken out of prisons -- and loyalists who have joined the fight as the group has advanced , several U.S. officials have told CNN in recent days . It is unknown , officials say , exactly how many are in Iraq because it 's not clear how many go back and forth across the Syrian border and how many loyalists have joined ISIS as it took over various towns . The group is functioning as an "  increasingly capable military force , " one official said . But questions remain about whether the group may become stretched too thin as it tries to hold on to its growing territory . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , said that security forces had regained control of two key border crossings after briefly losing them to the militants . In a briefing in Baghdad aired on state TV , Atta said Iraqi forces , aided by Sunni tribes , retook al-Walid , which connects Iraq with Syria -- as well as the Trebil border crossing between Iraq and Jordan . He also said that all towns between Samarra and Baghdad , 80 miles  129 kilometers  to the south , are in the hands of Iraqi security forces . The al-Qaim border crossing , which is some 217 miles  350 kilometers  to the north of al-Walid , remains under the control of militants . On Monday , a spokesman for Iraq 's counterterrorism service told CNN that two senior ISIS figures -- an Algerian militant named Abu Omar al-Baghdadi and Abu Hafsa , the self-styled governor of Tikrit -- were killed late Monday in airstrikes in Tikrit , the hometown of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . The spokesman , Sabah Al-Nouman , offered no evidence of the deaths . CNN can not independently confirm any of the claims . Meanwhile , in Kirkuk , gunmen killed the head of the city council . Munir Kafili died when they opened fire on his car as he drove . Kerry arrives in Irbil U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visited Irbil on Tuesday to discuss with Iraqi Kurdish President Massoud Barzani and other officials how Kurds can help the central government tackle security and political challenges . As the two men sat down to meet , Barzani said , "  We are facing a new reality and a new Iraq , " On Monday , Barzani said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that this may be the time for Kurds to push for their long-sought independence -- saying "  Iraq is obviously falling apart . " "  And it 's obvious that the federal or central government has lost control over everything , " Barzani said Monday . "  Everything is collapsing -- the army , the troops , the police . " Barzani 's exclusive interview with Amanpour Irbil is the seat of the Kurdistan regional government . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government is accused of fostering sectarian tensions by marginalizing the country 's Kurd and Sunni Arab minorities . In an interview Tuesday with CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Kerry praised Kurdish leaders for their "  organized and focused and disciplined leadership , " saying it has resulted in economic vitality . "  The rest of Iraq ought to look like this , " he said . In the interview , Kerry did n't mention Kurdish independence . But he said forming a new government that represents the interests of all of Iraq 's ethnic and religious groups is a crucial precursor to whatever action the United States might take to intervene in the crisis unfolding there . "  The key is , if you do n't have a viable government that is a unity government that is not going to repeat the mistakes of the last few years , whatever we might choose to do would be extraordinarily hampered , " Kerry said . "  It would be very difficult to be successful if you were just engaged in some kind of military activity , because there 's no ultimately just a military solution there . " He rejected any notion that failure to intervene militarily in Iraq , or before that in the war in Syria -- where ISIS has gained much of its strength -- has led to the current crisis . " ... You 've got to have a holistic , comprehensive approach , and the President is trying , as we are , I am , whether or not Iraq is prepared to be part of that , " he said . The United States is expected to have about 300 military advisers in Iraq . On Tuesday , 90 arrived from outside the country , said Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby . They will join the 40 other U.S. troops already in Iraq , who were working at the embassy in Baghdad and have been reassigned . The advisers are expected to assess the situation on the ground and then "  advise and assist " Iraqi military forces as they counter the threat from ISIS militants , Kirby said . Kerry 's comments came amid news reports claiming the United States had launched drone strikes in Iraq . Kirby denied the reports in a statement Tuesday , saying that "  no such action has been taken . " While the U.S. weighs what steps it will take , some Iraqis told Sciutto that they would welcome back U.S. troops three years after their departure . "  America will not accept the presence of al Qaeda and  ISIS  in the region because that will impact on the Middle East region and the Arab states . It will have an effect on America , too , " resident Ammer al-Shamri said . "  Therefore , I think there is a solution in Kerry 's bag to solve the crisis . " Destination unknown : Will Kurds use oil to break free from Iraq ? Western-born jihadists rally to ISIS 's fight in Iraq and Syria	Militants , who may number up to 10,000 , are "  increasingly capable , " U.S. official says Fight for Baiji oil refinery continues , deputy prime minister for energy affairs says John Kerry visits Irbil to speak with Kurdish leaders about the Iraq crisis The U.S. is "  extraordinarily hampered " without a new Iraqi government , Kerry says
The majestic Kongou Falls has some of the most spectacular cataracts in Africa , which are located in the heart of Gabon 's Ivindo National Park . The 3,000-square-kilometer park is one of the most significant African sites for biodiversity conservation , sheltering a rich variety of wildlife and vegetation species . It is this scenic beauty and environmental importance of Gabon 's vast rainforests that first prompted Gabonese activist and renowned environmentalist Marc Ona Essangui to campaign for the protection and preservation of the Congo Basin rainforest . "  It 's fantastic the forest , fantastic , " says Ona , a winner of the coveted environmental award Goldman Prize for his efforts to save Ivindo from a mining project . "  There is peace , tranquility , one breathes in the freshness -- no pollution and it 's magnificent , " he adds . "  If we destroy this forest , we will have aggression from everywhere that will reach the wider population . " See more : ` Green Gabon ' for eco-tourism The world 's second largest rainforest after the Amazon , the Congo Basin rainforest in Central Africa is under constant threat of destruction and exploitation . A large swath of this dense rainforest is located in Gabon -- about 80 per cent of the equatorial country is covered by pristine forests , home to numerous gorillas , elephants , antelopes and tropical birds . In 1998 , Ona , a survivor of childhood polio , co-founded Brainforest , a non-governmental organization working to preserve Gabon 's natural resources . The wheelchair-bound activist says he is fighting for the rights of his people , the indigenous tribes who call the forest home but have no legal rights over their lands . "  In the beginning , one of the objectives of the Brainforest was about conserving and protecting the Ivindo forest , " he says . "  But today we have seen that it is also necessary to talk about the laws that govern forestry rights , looking at illegal activities in the forest , such as corruption and all that is related to forestry . We are looking at the rights of those living in the forest and defending and protecting their rights . " Located in the western part of Central Africa , oil-rich Gabon is one of Africa 's wealthiest countries -- the land beneath Gabon is richly seamed with minerals and is being mined successfully . In the early 2000s , the Gabonese government entered into an agreement with a Chinese mining and engineering company , offering them a huge mining concession within the Ivindo National Park . According to Brainforest , negotiations were conducted in secret and the government did not consult with affected communities nor assess the project 's environmental impact . Ona obtained a leaked copy of the agreement and made it public , applying enormous pressure and forcing the state to renegotiate the terms of the contract . The campaigner 's efforts were key in the fight to save the park but Ona has paid a high price for his activism . In 2008 , he was arrested and detained for 13 days . He has also been evicted from his home and has been refused an exit visa more than once . More from African Voices : How Ladysmith Black Mambazo inspired Mandela However , his efforts have given him international acclaim and renown ; in 2009 he was awarded the Goldman Prize , a "  Green Nobel " prize that honors grassroots environmental heroes across the globe . "  It 's an honor because it is the equivalent of a Noble Peace prize -- it is recognition of the work we do from the public , " says Ona . "  When I obtained it and was congratulated for receiving this award , I saw it as appreciation and acknowledgment of the work we have always done and will continue doing to protect the interests of this population and the entire forestry environment , " he adds . A champion of social justice , Ona has also been fighting tirelessly for the rights of the disabled -- suffering from polio since the age of six , he refuses to let his condition prevent him from living a full life . "  I am married , my wife is able-bodied , I have children who are not handicapped , I do everything normally , " says Ona , who in 1994 founded an NGO called Handicap sans Frontiers . "  Even if I am disabled , I do n't have that mindset -- I see what I can contribute to my community , my family or my country , that for me is the fundamental thing . " Read more : Recycled hotel soap saves children 's lives A born fighter , Ona says he is determined to keep working to save Gabon 's forests and ensure a better future for coming generations . "  The message is simple , " he says , "  we are not going to be blinded by material things as our leaders . The future generations will not benefit from this beautiful nature scene if we do n't preserve it and we will be known as a continent where resources can be exploited but not to be nourished and cared for . "  We Africans have to ensure our own well-being . "	Marc Ona Essangui is a Gabonese activist and internationally-recognized environmentalist In 2009 he was awarded the Goldman Prize , a ` Green Nobel ' given to environmental heroes Ona has fought to save Gabon 's Ivindo National Park from a mining project The Congo Basin rainforest in Central Africa is under the threat of over-exploitation
London  CNN  -- A Dutchman has built a replica of Noah 's Ark to biblical proportions , following a dream his homeland would be flooded . Johan Huibers , a wealthy businessman , used the ancient measurement of the cubit -- the length of a man 's arm from elbow to fingertips -- to build the vessel to the dimensions specified in the book of Genesis . The finished craft -- which has just been opened to the public on the Merwede River in the Dutch town of Dordrecht -- is 300 cubits long  about 450 feet or 137 meters  , 50 cubits wide  about 70 feet or 21 meters  , and 30 cubits high  about 45 feet or 14 meters  . Floods force evacuations in Costa Rica Huibers has filled his ark , which will operate as a "  Bible museum , " with life-sized plastic animals and an aviary of live birds to give visitors more to interact with . "  We want to tell people about God , " Huibers told AFP . "  We wanted to build something that can help explain the Bible in real terms . " It is not Huibers ' first ark . He completed his first , a half-scale replica of Noah 's Ark , in 2004 , and used it to take tourists on canal trips , before beginning work on a full-scale version in 2008 . The origin of the project stems from a dream Huibers said he had in 1992 , in which the low-lying Netherlands was flooded by the North Sea . More damage expected after floods in North Korea kill dozens "  The next day I bought a book about Noah 's Ark. . That night while sitting on the couch with my kids , I looked at it and said : ` It 's what we 're going to do , ' " he told AFP . "  I have always been a dreamer . " He resolved to build the ark , to inspire children with the biblical story of how Noah and the inhabitants of his Ark survived the flood that , according to Old Testament , washed the world clean of sin . Despite his best efforts , it was impossible to adhere entirely to the biblical description of the Ark. . Genesis describes Noah 's boat as made of "  gopher wood , " but experts disagree over what this is . Instead , Huibers and his team built the boat by welding together the metal hulls of 25 barges into a single frame , which was then covered with Scandinavian pine . Weighing about 3,000 tons , the boat contains sleeping quarters , a theater , restaurant and conference facilities to seat 1,500 people . Huibers initially wanted to sail his ark to London for the Olympics to share his message with sports fans . But he was forced to abandon his plan to sail across the North Sea after authorities raised safety issues . China doubles Beijing flood death toll	A Dutch businessman has built a replica of the Biblical Noah 's Ark It is built to the proportions specified in the Bible , and filled with plastic animals The man built the ark after a nightmare that the Netherlands was flooded He hopes it will help spread the message of the Bible
CNN  -- A year ago Thursday , I-Report was born . CNN.com launched its I-Report initiative August 2 , 2006 , in an effort to involve citizens in the newsgathering process . Numerous milestones later , I-Report has grown and developed its ability to be an integral component of the network 's coverage . Mark Lacroix photographed the collapsed bridge from his apartment window . On the eve of its anniversary , I-Reporters responded to yet another major news event : the deadly collapse of a bridge over the Mississippi river in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Mark Lacroix sent photos of the scene immediately after the disaster . As the story developed , he provided information about the situation to viewers live on television . Lacroix 's photos were among the more than 450 I-Report submissions sent to CNN within the first 24 hours of the bridge 's collapse -- the biggest response in one day to a single news event in I-Report history . CNN.com readers have long been submitting photos and video , as well as speaking with CNN reporters , during major breaking news events .  Check out our timeline of I-Report milestones  " On April 16 , Jamal Albarghouti sent cell phone video of the Virginia Tech shooting in Blacksburg , Virginia , as the dramatic events were unfolding . More recently , when fireballs began exploding from an industrial gas facility in Dallas , Texas , in July , I-Reporters wasted no time in recording video as smoke and debris rose into the air . Justin Randall was in a convertible during the incident and tried to drive around blast debris on a highway . He sent video of the explosions , showing flames rising high into the air . During a steam pipe explosion in New York , Jonathan Thompson sent video of a powerful surge of steam rising from the ground and rescuers scrambling to secure the area . He followed up later that month by sending footage of repairs being made to the crater left behind . E-mail to a friend	I-Report initiative launched August 2 , 2006 , on CNN.com Citizen journalists have participated in CNN 's newsgathering More than 6,000 I-Report submissions last month
CNN  -- In case you have n't heard , Mailbox is the iOS app that everyone wants to get their grubby little paws on . The hip new e-mail app is an alternative interface for Gmail accounts  yes , it only works with Gmail  . People who have used it love the gesture-based interface and the ability to "  snooze " messages -- this latter feature prompts a pop-up message to remind you to reply at some point in the future , like later in the day , later that night , or over the weekend . On Friday morning , Mailbox announced that it was acquired by Dropbox . With any luck , that means Mailbox 's frustrating rollout policy might be relaxed . The app , which debuted in early February 2013 , is so popular that the company has slowed its release through a "  reservations " system . Presumably to stem the crushing demand , Mailbox restricts the number of new accounts that can be activated at a time . Ars ' Jacqui Cheng had to wait roughly five weeks before she moved to the front of the line , and she only recently had her "  reservation " activated .  I still have about 260,000 people ahead of me . The tiny company 's valuation and the size of the Dropbox deal are still unknown -- but the Wall Street Journal notes that Mailbox received $ 5.3 million in 2011 in venture capital . "  Since launching last month , our service capacity has grown 2000x and we 're already delivering more than 60 million emails a day , " the company wrote on its blog . "  That 's mind-bending growth for only a few weeks , and we 're just getting started . " "  Rather than grow Mailbox on our own , we 've decided to join forces with Dropbox and build it out together , " the company continued . "  To be clear , Mailbox is not going away . The product needs to grow fast , and we believe that joining Dropbox is the best way to make that happen . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Mailbox , the hot email-management app , has been purchased by Dropbox The app , which works with Gmail , has a waiting list with 100s of thousands of people Being bought by the cloud-storage company may speed things up
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Former hostage Sigifredo Lopez landed in the Colombian city of Palmira to a hero 's welcome Thursday afternoon , free after nearly seven years of captivity by Marxist rebels in the jungle . A Brazilian helicopter takes off Thursday from an airport in Palmira , Colombia , to pick up Sigifredo Lopez . Lopez was met at the helicopter that ferried him to freedom by his wife and two sons , who cried openly and deeply as they hugged him . One son held his father 's head in his hands and spoke to him fervently as he kissed his forehead . Lopez 's mother also hugged him before the freed hostage was swallowed by a mob of family members of other hostages who had died in captivity . After hugging well-wishers for more than 20 minutes , Lopez climbed into a white Red Cross sport utility vehicle and drove off in a four-vehicle convoy . The former regional legislator was abducted April 11 , 2002 , by rebels from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , better known as FARC . Lopez 's release was the sixth unilateral one by the rebels in a week , but few of the kidnappings were as dramatic as the one in which Lopez and 11 other lawmakers were taken . He is the only one of that group who remains alive . A video taken by the FARC that day in April 2002 and released in late 2006 shows the first minutes of the bold kidnapping that led to his captivity . The rebels had been training for months . At a FARC camp , they practiced in Colombian army and police uniforms and made mock-ups of the regional parliament in Cali with plastic tarps and sticks . A rebel camera was rolling as the 20-strong commando group drove a bus to Cali , Colombia 's third-largest city . Salsa music was blaring . Watch the FARC footage of the dramatic abduction of Lopez and other lawmakers " They were posing as government soldiers . Motorcycle outriders cleared the way . Once they reached the parliament building , they faked a bomb alert . The bus pulled out in front of the building , and the video shows people running from the perceived threat . On the video , an unseen rebel is heard to say , "  For the deputies , we have a special vehicle . " Twelve congressmen took their seats , believing the military was shepherding them to safety . Minutes passed , and one politician asked where they are headed . A few minutes later , the muffled reply can be heard : "  Ladies and gentlemen . We are the FARC . " Back in the mountains , the hostages were herded aboard a truck . Guerrillas waved and hugged as they celebrated their audacious mission . In 2003 , Lopez and some of the other hostages appeared in a proof-of-life video . One of his colleagues simply wrote , "  Until when ? " on his hand and held it up to camera . Another , Jairo Hoyos , sent a prophetic plea to the president : "  Mister President . Those who are about to die salute you . " Eleven of the congressmen were killed in captivity in June 2007 . The FARC said they died in cross-fire during a military rescue mission . The Colombian army rejects that assertion . When the bodies were recovered three months later , autopsies showed most had been shot multiple times in the back . Lopez was the sole survivor . On Thursday night , he may be able to tell the rest of the world what happened that day . FARC has released five other hostages in the past week . On Tuesday , Alan Jara , the former governor of Colombia 's Meta state , arrived at the airport in Villavicencio , southeast of Bogota . Four hostages -- three police officers and a soldier -- were released over the weekend . Colombian Sen. Piedad Cordoba has brokered the releases with the help of the the International Committee of the Red Cross and a group called Colombians for Peace . Brazil also has helped , providing the aircraft used in the releases . The FARC , the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia , announced the releases December 21 and designated Cordoba as the coordinator . Some analysts see these releases as a first step toward an eventual peace accord . Others suggest this is just another sign that government military gains combined with a tough right-wing political line are gradually beating the FARC into submission . Colombia has said the rebels are still holding about 700 captives The government recently has offered rewards to guerrillas who surrender and free hostages . Last month , two guerrillas fled their camp deep in the jungles of southern Colombia , bringing along two captives , a 14-year-old boy and a male adult who were kidnapped in December . And a July rescue operation freed former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , who had been held captive since 2002 , along with three American military contractors and 11 Colombian police and military members . The government has said the FARC 's military force has been severely compromised in recent months , but authorities still accuse it of trafficking huge quantities of cocaine to finance its decades-old insurgency . Security analysts said FARC , established in the early 1960s , has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , analysts say .	NEW : Family greets Sigifredo Lopez , the sixth hostage to be freed by FARC this week Lopez is only survivor of 12 lawmakers who were abducted in April 2002 FARC filmed video of audacious mission to kidnap congressmen Eleven of congressmen were killed in captivity in June 2007
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  Change has come to Ferguson . After months of turmoil and upheaval , months of frustration and anger , the beleaguered city has a new governing board . And it looks very different than the old one . Buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30 % turnout , two African-American candidates won their wards Tuesday night to make the six-member City Council 50 % black . Ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the City Council was predominantly white , as is the police force . Supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in Ferguson . Ella Jones screamed when her victory became official late Tuesday night . She won 49.76 % of the vote . "  Thank you , Ward 1 . I love you , " an emotional Jones said at a party held at Drake 's restaurant . She will become the first black woman ever to sit on the Ferguson council . But both Jones and Wesley Bell , who won the Ward 3 seat with nearly 67 % of the vote , said they did not see their victories from a racial perspective . Jones , who resigned her job as a Mary Kay cosmetics sales director to run for office , said in her ward , she heard the same complaints from a 65-year-old black man as she did from his white peers . "  My job is to be that catalyst so we can put a new face on Ferguson , " she said . Bell , a lawyer and criminal justice professor , said , "  I 'm more interested in having quality on the council , " when asked about the change in its racial makeup . He had made community policing his No. 1 priority and said he intends to be deeply involved with the hiring of a new police chief in this St. Louis suburb . The former chief , Tommy Jackson , resigned after a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report found systemic discrimination against African-Americans in law enforcement and the municipal court . Bell said he wants Ferguson 's police officers to be judged by the number of people they know in the community , not by the number of tickets they issue . One other seat was up for grabs in Ferguson . That was won by Brian Fletcher , a former mayor who launched the "  I Love Ferguson " campaign to raise money for mom-and-pop businesses that were hurt by the violence and vandalism during the protests last fall . Fletcher beat his opponent , Bob Hudgins , with 56.7 % of the vote . Fletcher told voters he was best suited for a City Council job despite his critics ' claims that he was too entrenched in the old guard . "  I understand that feeling , but those individuals do n't know me , " he said . Fletcher said he had contacts with elected officials from his almost three decades in politics . That would be an invaluable asset in getting Ferguson back on its feet , he said . The city is required to approve a new budget by the end of June , and the new council will have to look for alternative sources of revenue to replace the $ 3 million or so lost from money generated by traffic tickets and fines . "  That amount will drop significantly , " Fletcher said . Earlier in the day , the skies grew dark and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . Amid the rain , Ferguson opened its polls at 6 in the morning with concern that few would come out to vote in such a pivotal election . But Tuesday was different . It was the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August . There was dread , especially in the African-American community , that if the turnout was low , then all the protests , investigations and calls for change would have been in vain . The candidates who had run campaigns calling for change hoped a decent turnout would weigh in their favor . "  That is what our democracy about , " Bell said . Bell ran against Lee Smith , a retired electrical plant employee , in Ward 3 , which includes Canfield Drive , where Brown was killed , and the West Florissant Avenue business corridor that felt the brunt of the protests and the vandalism . Charred , heavily damaged buildings still stand as scars of Ferguson 's despair and anger . "  You got your vote on ? " yelled Tommy Chatman Bey , a Bell supporter who was distributing campaign literature at Koch Elementary School , the precinct closest to where Brown lived . Some residents did have their vote on . They felt a duty to vote this year . One of them was Yvette Bailey , 41 , who works as a planner for Coca-Cola . Yes , she voted in presidential elections , but she never paid much mind to local races . Until now . Even though she was aware of the problems around her , Brown 's killing , she said , woke her up . "  It made me think of all the males in my family , " said Bailey , who lives right off Canfield Drive . She was undecided about who to vote for until the last minute when she walked into the polling station with another voter and they discussed the race . Bailey decided to cast her vote for Bell simply because he was a young man . She thought he had energy and was more in sync with Ferguson 's youth . "  I think he will be more open-minded , " she said after voting . Changing the way Ferguson polices its people was No. 1 on many a voter 's agenda . Even the candidates who take issue with the Department of Justice report on Ferguson agreed that the city needed change when it came to policing . "  We have to get out of this law enforcement for business , " said candidate Doyle McClellan , coordinator of the computer network security program at Lewis and Clark Community College . McClellan referred to the DOJ 's finding that Ferguson issued fines and traffic tickets to generate revenue for the city . "  That 's not a good thing , " McClellan said as he stood in the drizzle at a polling station , hoping to persuade voters who were still undecided . Ted Heidemann , a 67-year-old retired airline pilot , said he voted for Fletcher . If some residents saw Fletcher as part of the problem , Heidemann asked why no one complained when Fletcher was mayor . He said Brown 's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light . "  We did n't realize the effect some of the institutional problems had on poor people , " he said . "  Some things need to be changed , and we are aware of that . " By midafternoon , Fletcher said the numbers were looking good . At a church where voters from all three wards were casting ballots , Fletcher predicted a 40 % -50 % turnout . When the rain let up for a few minutes , a stream of voters trickled into the First Presbyterian Church in downtown Ferguson to cast their votes . Ellory and Kathy Glenn both voted for Fletcher 's opponent , Hudgins , a political novice who attracted attention as a white man who routinely stood with protesters on the front lines . Hudgins likes to talk about how he married a black woman and has a biracial teenage son . "  I wanted change , " said Ellory Glenn , 60 , who is black . His wife is white . He said the couple moved to Ferguson after he retired from the Marine Corps in 1995 because they felt it was a racially welcoming place . But now , after all the problems rose to the surface , it 's time for fresh blood on the council , Glenn said . "  Quit using law enforcement as a revenue stream , " Glenn said . "  That 's like using the military to go into places and looting them . The police are supposed to keep order . " Angela Jackson came to vote with her husband and two little girls in tow . She voted for Jones , the former Mary Kay cosmetics sales director . Jackson echoed the thoughts of other Ferguson residents who experienced something new in this election : candidates coming to their door . Past elections have not seen the kind of canvassing activity that took place in the last few weeks . Nor have past municipal elections drawn so much media attention . "  One thing we really liked is  Jones  came to our door and talked to us about her desire to make change in our neighborhood , " Jackson said . "  She 's going to be hands on . She lives in the neighborhood as well and has for the past 36 years . We were kind of taken by that . " The rain began to fall again as the Glenns got in their car . It was expected to continue off and on through the day and night . But at about 5 , just when many voters were leaving work , the sun shone brilliantly . Overheard at one precinct : Good weather brought out the worst in Ferguson last August . Maybe today , it would bring out the best .	For the first time ever , Ferguson 's City Council will be half black The two winning black candidates vowed to bring reform The election was a critical test in this beleaguered city
Mashable  -- On Friday March 11 , Apple 's iPad 2 will become available for purchase online and in retail stores . Early trade-in activity surrounding the original iPad suggests that that the iPad 2 will be in high demand . As with last year 's original iPad and the iPhone 4 , we anticipate crowds and long lines at various Apple retail stores across the United States . Are you interested in buying an iPad 2 this weekend ? Here 's what you need to know . Online or in-store With the original iPad and the iPhone 4 , Apple allowed individuals to place pre-orders online or to reserve a device for in-store pickup . With iPad 2 , Apple is eschewing the pre-order game . Instead , the iPad 2 will be available via Apple.com at some point early Friday , and in retail stores starting at 5:00 pm . Online reports indicate that Apple.com sales will start at 12:01 am PST on March 11 , 2011 . East coast buyers , set your clocks for 3am . At Apple.com , users can choose between white or black variants in Wi-Fi or Wi-Fi + 3G . Users can select either Verizon or AT&T for their Wi-Fi + 3G unit . Apple promises "  fast , free shipping , " which indicates they are using 2-day Fed Ex or UPS . Depending on when an order goes through , it 's possible users could get units on Monday March 14 , 2011 . We 'll be realistic and expect that most users who place an order on Friday will receive their packages on Tuesday March 15 , 2011 . Like Caesar , you 'll need to watch for the Ides of March . Apple retail stores will begin selling the iPad 2 at 5:00 pm . Typically , Apple shuts down its stores for a few hours prior to launch in order to get signage , inventory and staff in place . Lines may start at some outdoor Apple stores as early as Friday morning  if not Thursday night  , but indoor mall locations may start later , depending on mall policies and general shopping traffic . Retail partners In addition to the Apple retail stores , the iPad 2 will also be available at Best Buy , Target , Walmart and Sam 's Club . Verizon Wireless will also be selling the iPad 2 on Friday March 11 , 2011 . None of the retail launch partners have specified if sales will take place both in-store and online , but we expect that in-store sales will not begin until 5:00 pm . It is n't clear if AT&T will be carrying the iPad 2 at launch  we 've reached out to them for comment  , but 3G variants from both carriers should be available at retail partners like Walmart and Best Buy . Neither AT&T nor Verizon will be carrying the Wi-Fi only models . Models , colors , carriers There are eighteen different iPad 2 units : the nine listed below , available in either black or white . -- iPad 2 16GB Wi-Fi : $ 499.00 -- iPad 2 32GB Wi-Fi : $ 599.00 -- iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi : $ 699.00 -- iPad 2 16GB Wi-Fi +3 G Verizon : $ 629.00 -- iPad 2 32GB Wi-Fi +3 G Verizon : $ 729.00 -- iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi +3 G Verizon : $ 829.00 -- iPad 2 16GB Wi-Fi +3 G AT&T : $ 629.00 -- iPad 2 32GB Wi-Fi +3 G AT&T : $ 729.00 -- iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi +3 G AT&T : $ 829.00 Unlike the white iPhone 4 debacle , Apple promises that white iPad 2 units will be available on launch day . It 's really anyone 's guess as to the breakdown between color choices . Apple retail stores will likely have the most white units in-stock , with retailers like Best Buy , Target and Walmart carrying mostly black units . Tips from iLine veterans Having covered -- and waited in -- numerous iLines in the past , these are my suggestions : -- Best Buy , Target or Walmart stores near an Apple retail store are likely to be less crowded . Customers who want the fastest purchase experience should check the retail locations closest to the Apple Store . -- If you have a color/size preference , order online . Waiting in line for a few hours only to find out that the model you want is out of stock is no fun . If you want a specific color/capacity , reduce your stress level and order online . -- Plan for non-iPad 2 shoppers . Wireless stores get pretty busy on Friday nights even without the iPad 2 -- keep that in mind before heading to the local Verizon or AT&T store . -- Avoid the Austin-area Apple stores . South By Southwest coincides with the iPad 2 launch , meaning thousands of geeks will be in town and may descend on the store . Locals and visitors alike should steer clear . Just thinking about it makes me queasy . -- Check Twitter , Facebook and Foursquare for line reports and information on how busy particular locations are . -- Wait for Saturday . It is n't uncommon for stores like Best Buy and Walmart to get Friday deliveries . We imagine that at least some iPad 2 inventory will be delivered for the weekend , which means that Saturday mornings are a good time to try local stores -- and if you 're brave -- the Apple Store .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple 's iPad 2 will become available for purchase on March 11 online and in stores With iPad 2 , Apple is eschewing the pre-order game There are eighteen different iPad 2 units with varying GB sizes
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , landed in Havana on Monday for a private visit aimed at reducing tension between the Cold War enemies and seeing first-hand the economic reforms sweeping the communist island . But expectations are high that Carter also will work behind the scenes to secure the release of American contractor Alan Gross , who was recently sentenced to 15 years in a Cuban prison . Unlike his first visit in 2002 , when then-President Fidel Castro personally greeted Carter on the tarmac , this time Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez was on hand to receive the former American leader . The Carter Center has called the three-day trip a non-governmental mission at the invitation of the Cuban government . On Monday afternoon , he met with Jewish leaders and the archbishop of Havana , Cardinal Jaime Ortega . Carter declined to comment Monday when reporters asked him about Gross , shouting , "  There will be a press conference later . " A press conference is scheduled for Wednesday . Cuba accuses the U.S. Agency for International Development subcontractor of "  subversive " work connecting people to the internet illegally , with the ultimate goal of undermining the government . Washington says he was simply helping the Jewish community connect to the worldwide web and has repeatedly said that bilateral relations can not improve until Gross is released . Carter visited the Patronato Jewish center and Temple Beth Shalom . When Adela Dworin , the president of the temple , was asked if they discussed Gross , she said : "  We did n't talk about politics . We told him about the Jewish community in Cuba , how many members it has , how we openly practice our religion , etc. " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with Carter before his departure to discuss the issue , according to Molly Koscina , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Interests Section in Havana . "  We hope President Carter will urge the Cuban government to immediately release Mr. Gross on humanitarian grounds , " she told CNN . On Tuesday , Carter will have a face-to-face session with President Raul Castro . In many ways , the time is ripe . Castro has launched a major shakeup of the nation 's Soviet-style economic model , paving the way for more small businesses and private enterprise . And just last week , Cuba released the last of 75 dissidents jailed in a 2003 crackdown on the opposition that prompted worldwide condemnation . So at least in theory , two of the major obstacles to bilateral negotiations have been lifted .	NEW : Carter visits a Jewish center and temple and meets with the archbishop of Havana The trip is officially to strengthen bilateral ties However , there are hopes the ex-president may try to lobby for an American prisoner The U.S. contractor was recently sentenced to 15 years in prison
CNN  -- Muslim and moderate.Two words that describe Bangladesh , where Hillary Clinton arrived Saturday as part of a three-nation tour of Asia . She left China where diplomatic drama over a Chinese human rights activist overshadowed all else and stepped foot in Bangladesh amid political turmoil involving the disappearance of a key opposition leader . Her presence , the first by a secretary of state since 2003 , reflects America 's interest in growing ties with Asian nations and puts Bangladesh , one of the world 's most impoverished nations strategically located near India , China and Myanmar , on center stage . Cinton 's trip , said a senior State Department official , is an opportunity to improve America 's bilateral relationship with Bangladesh , a democratic Muslim-majority nation that is seen by Washington as a viable alternative to extremism . It 's a bilateral relationship that was initially troubled because of U.S. support for Pakistan in Bangladesh 's war of independence , won in 1971 . But ties between the two nations have improved considerably and the United States is now Bangladesh 's largest trading partner . Clinton will meet with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Foreign Minister Dipu Moni , and is expected to stress the importance of democratic institutions and ways to improve conditions for the 160 million Bangladeshis who live in a country the size of Iowa . Washington sees Bangladesh , the world 's largest contributor of personnel to U.N. peacekeeping forces , as a willing partner on counterterrorism and global security , the State Department official said . Clinton will discuss development issues with micro-credit guru and Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus and Fazle Hasan Abed , the founder of BRAC , a large non-profit that works to alleviate poverty . Clinton will also meet with Khaleda Zia , leader of the opposition Bangladesh National Party  BNP  amid considerable political tension . Zia 's party and the ruling Awami League have accused each other in the abduction of key BNP lawmaker Ilyas Ali . The disappearance has sparked rallies and strikes that have led to deaths of at least four people , according to Amnesty International . Ali 's disappearance is the latest in a spate of disappearances in which security forces have been implicated , although they deny detaining those missing , Amnesty said . More than 20 people have "  disappeared " in Bangladesh this year , the global monitoring group said . Clinton is visiting Bangladesh 12 years after her husband , Bill Clinton , did so as the first U.S. president to make such a trip . Hillary Clinton goes next to neighboring India , where she is scheduled to stop in Kolkata , near the Bangladeshi border , and New Delhi . There , she will meet with the feisty chief minister , Mamata Bannerji , who dismantled 34 years of communism in last year 's West Bengal state elections but is very much opposed to allowing large foreign retailers like Wal-Mart in India . Ironically , Clinton 's visit to New Delhi coincides with that of an Iranian trade delegation that is looking for ways to circumvent tough U.S. sanctions that have proven crippling to the economy of the Islamic republic .	Washington sees Bangladesh as a viable alternative to extremism The Muslim-majority nation is moderate and democratic But it has seen political turmoil after the disappearance of an opposition leader Clinton next goes to India
Swat , Pakistan  CNN  -- Just over one week ago , Pakistani authorities paraded 11 children accused of terrorism in front of the local media . The boys , aged 10 to 16 , were apprehended while attempting to plant home-made explosives on behalf of local militant groups operating in and around the city of Quetta , in Balochistan . The boys ' arrest highlights Pakistan 's worsening civil strife and underscores how Pakistani terrorist groups continue to exploit children . This is not a recent phenomenon . In fact , terrorist groups in Afghanistan and Pakistan are increasingly turning to children as operatives . A few weeks ago , my colleague Mia Bloom and I traveled to Pakistan 's Swat Valley to see firsthand how the Pakistani government is working to solve this problem . Swat District includes the city of Mingora , part of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province which borders Afghanistan . This is the region where 14-year old Malala Yousafzai -- an activist for girls ' education -- narrowly survived a Taliban assassination attempt last year . Renowned for its picturesque vistas , the Swat region fell victim to a brutal reign of terror by the Pakistani Taliban , or TTP in 2008 . Faced with an emboldened TTP , Pakistan 's national army launched an 18-month counterinsurgency campaign . Law and order were restored and the Taliban forced to retreat . An emerging success story -- and the reason for our visit to Swat -- is the establishment of "  Sabaoon . " From the Urdu meaning "  the first ray of light from the dawn " , Sabaoon is Pakistan 's rehabilitation facility for child militants who were formerly recruited by the TTP . Some of these children were even prepared to become suicide bombers . Sabaoon 's team of psychologists , social workers and military advisers share a principal objective -- to prevent recidivism and ensure that its ` graduates ' do n't return to the fight . Sabaoon joins a growing list of similar initiatives that have cropped up around the globe since the mid-2000s . Perhaps the best-known terrorist rehabilitation program is in Saudi Arabia . Read how a cagefighter in England de-radicalizes convicted terrorists Collectively characterized as "  de-radicalization " programs , it is more accurate to call them "  risk reduction " initiatives . They represent a change in the way counterterrorism campaigns are waged , and share the goal of reducing the risk of re-engagement in terrorism once the program 's graduates are allowed to return to their communities . So far , Sabaoon has had 188 ` students ' fully participate in its program of risk assessment and rehabilitation . All of the boys were captured by the army or police in raids on Pakistani Taliban training camps . The boys spend anywhere from six months to two years at Sabaoon . A few have spent as long as three years in rehabilitation . In Pakistan , the TTP showed no hesitation in their use of children for terrorism . In fact , "  recruitment " is hardly the right word . It became clear from our conversations at Sabaoon that these children had little if any say in their induction . The younger children lacked the capability to refuse the terrorists , fearing their own safety or reprisals to their families . One mother explained to me that she had turned to the Taliban when she could no longer cope with her son 's alcohol and drug abuse -- marijuana grows wild throughout Swat . Targeting children at risk like this provided the Taliban with a perfect opportunity to reach out to parents with an offer to help "  save " their children . The militants promised a future involving discipline , belonging , purpose , and meaningful work . In some cases , families faced a horrible choice -- pay an enormous financial tax  double the annual wage  or surrender a child to the movement . Deception and manipulation have come to define the TTP 's child induction practices such that the prevention of children 's involvement in violent extremism in Pakistan can hardly be characterized as counterinsurgency . It is instead a challenge of basic child protection . Most of the children recalled overwhelmingly negative experiences at the training camps . After performing menial tasks , they were locked in a 4x5 meter room for the rest of the day . Some reported being repeatedly beaten , and in a few cases , sexually assaulted by senior figures . One child with whom we spent some time graduated from such deplorable conditions only to be ` allowed ' to become a martyr , changing his mind literally at the last second . That boy is now one of Sabaoon 's brightest hopes for successful rehabilitation and reintegration , and a potential role model for younger children at Sabaoon . But he remains profoundly traumatized by his experiences . Other children actually reported having had positive experiences with the TTP . Some became involved through family members already in the movement . For them , adventure , camaraderie , and a sense of purpose proved all too real . Terrorism was the family business , and even if the children did n't want to get involved , how could they refuse ? Nobody knows exactly how old some of the children are . Many do n't have birth certificates and do n't know their own age themselves . Abdul  not his real name  is now about 17-18 years old . He is very soft-spoken and painfully shy , but spoke English very well . He has big brown eyes and a wonderful , broad smile . He was very thin , but so shy he would n't take the food offered to him at lunch . We were very sensitive to the trauma he had experienced at the hands of the terrorists . The staff briefed us about the abuse he endured . In our limited time with Abdul , we were careful not to ask him anything that might upset him so we focused only on speaking about his future , and how he has adapted to life after Sabaoon . Abdul is a great success story . One of the first graduates of the program , he excelled academically at Sabaoon . Shortly after his repatriation to his home village , he won a scholarship to university . He chose to defer his admission to take care of his mother and younger brother . He occasionally comes back to Sabaoon to visit the staff and also to talk to the younger students about how the program has changed his life . He is one of Sabaoon 's role models . Although addressing the children 's needs and reducing the risk of re-engagement in terrorism are Sabaoon 's most pressing objectives , its staff are not unaware of the seemingly insurmountable obstacles that face the children when the leave the program . For Sabaoon , so far it appears that recidivism is not the problem , though with any such program , we may have to wait a bit longer to see if someone returns to the fight . No terrorism risk-reduction program has a 100 % success rate , or even close to that . When such claims are made , it does n't take long to realize that there are significant questions surrounding definitions and measurement of "  success " or "  re-engagement . " Such questions need to be answered if programs like these are to be supported as creative approaches to counterterrorism . Knowing why they work is as important as knowing if they work . A few high profile instances of recidivism may spell the death-knell for such initiatives . As academic researchers who study violent extremism , we have a great deal of hope for such programs , and Sabaoon in particular has been the shining ray its name implies . Battling immense odds , Sabaoon 's staff remain infectiously optimistic and dedicated , and that 's one of the reasons we will return later this year . But time is not on their side . A few years ago , research conducted by Dr. Mia Bloom highlighted the changing nature of women 's involvement in terrorism . Today a similar argument could be made for the involvement of young children . Both in Pakistan and Afghanistan , the child suicide bomber has come to represent a routine terrorist profile . Children are easier to manipulate , and like female operatives , they can penetrate security checkpoints without raising the normal levels of suspicions . A 2012 report from Afghanistan suggested that almost 100 would-be child suicide bombers had been ` intercepted ' in the preceding 12-month period . Many of those boys were recruited in Quetta . What the rising tide of child militants means for the development of counter-terrorism initiatives , or even child protection , is unclear . Sabaoon alone will certainly not solve this problem , but it , and programs like it must continue to develop if we are to truly prevent the next generation of militants .	Center in Pakistan tries to rehabilitate children ready to be suicide bombers The center works more as a child protection unit than a counterterror unit Families say Taliban targets poor parents and at-risk children with promises of help At least one child now at the center was sent on a suicide mission by the Taliban
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- Languishing in a Cairo prison last year , a prisoner noticed that every day , the prison staff would clean the adjacent cell , even though there was no one in it . Why , the prisoner asked his guards , did they do it ? It 's for Barack Obama , they responded . Because when he loses the election , he 'll surely be thrown in jail , so this way , a cell will be ready for him . Every day , the prisoner said , he prayed in his cell that Obama would win . The prisoner was Ayman Nour , a liberal politician who in 2005 ran against and lost to Egypt 's aging ruler , Hosni Mubarak , in the country 's first multiparty presidential elections . Soon afterward , he was convicted of electoral fraud and sent to jail . He was released earlier this year . Nour said he had received an invitation from the American Embassy to attend President Obama 's address to the Muslim world at Cairo University on Thursday . He said he does n't plan to attend , but will watch it on television . "  That way , " he said , "  if I hear something I do n't like , I can always change the channel with my remote control . " The way that Nour prayed for an Obama victory , but will not go to hear him in person , is typical of the ambiguities in how many in Egypt and throughout the Muslim world view Obama 's much touted address to the world 's nearly 1.5 billion Muslims . Watch shopkeepers say what they want from Obama " On the one hand , at least in Egypt , Obama is the most popular American president in years . Almost everyone you meet is almost starry-eyed over the new American leader . On the other hand , the region has a long history of disappointment with the United States . Egyptian reformists look back bitterly on their experience during the Bush administration , which , after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States and the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , launched an initiative to push for political liberalization in the Middle East . In 2005 , then-U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice made a speech that sent a shockwave through Egypt . Journalist Ethar El-Katatney recalled , "  She said that in the last 60 years , the U.S. pursued stability at the expense of democracy . We all said , ` wow ! ' " The mounting American pressure on the dictators , the demonstrations , the rediscovery of long-lost voices raised against authoritarian regimes like Egypt 's sparked talk of an "  Arab spring , " a long-overdue blossoming of freedom and democracy in the political desert of the Middle East . But the Bush administration 's passion for Arab democracy cooled dramatically when Egypt 's powerful Islamist network , the Muslim Brotherhood , made stunning gains in parliamentary elections in late 2005 . And the passion went stone cold in January 2006 , when the militant Palestinian Islamic group Hamas was swept to power in democratic elections in Gaza and the West Bank . Sensing Washington 's worry , Arab dictators and their ruthless security services saw their chance , and slowly started to squeeze the brave few who had been calling for change . Award-winning Egyptian blogger Wael Abbas experienced the thrill of the "  Arab spring , " but since then has had plenty of run-ins with Egypt 's secret police . He has no illusions about what matters to the United States , Obama 's charisma notwithstanding . Watch how Egyptians are looking for concrete results " "  It 's OK for these countries to be oppressive , " he said , "  as long as they are allies -LSB- of the United States -RSB- , as long as they are not communists , as long as they allow investment , as long as they allow McDonald 's and Hardee 's and whatever businesses to be open here . But if they are dictators , -LSB- the United States -RSB- does n't care about human rights , as long as they are allies , as long as they keep peace with Israel , it 's OK . " "  We have a fundamental problem with America , " Nour said in an interview at his flat Monday . "  America always takes positive steps , then setbacks happen , and usually America puts its interests above its principles . " Watch Egyptian youths give their views on Obama 's trip " And this is what Obama may want to keep in mind when he addresses the Muslim world from Cairo . People here are eager for concrete initiatives , not a rousing speech with no follow-up . This is a region that has often had great faith in the good intentions of the United States , only to watch as that faith was betrayed . "  It ca n't be all rainbows and roses , " said El-Katatney , the journalist . "  We do n't want any more grand promises . Obama talks brilliantly , but we 've become a bit cynical . "	President Obama is heading to Egypt to make address to Muslim world Obama is the most popular U.S. president in years for Egyptians But the region has a long history of disappointment in the United States
CNN Student News  -- May 27 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Bosnia  France  Joplin , Missouri Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's Friday -- awesome ! -- and I 'm Carl Azuz . First up today , a headline that some people have waited 15 years to hear . First Up : Ratko Mladic Captured AZUZ : Ratko Mladic , the former commander of Serbian forces in Bosnia , has been arrested . This conflict in Bosnia happened back in the 1990s . It was the deadliest war fought in Europe since World War II . And Mladic was the highest ranking war crimes suspect who had n't been caught . Bosnia was part of the former country of Yugoslavia . The war there lasted from 1992 to 1995 . Serbians , Croats and Muslims fought against each other for control of territory . Serbian leaders , like Mladic , are accused of genocide , attempting to wipe out the other groups . Mladic was the leader of Bosnian Serb forces who allegedly attacked the city of Srebrenica and killed thousands of Muslims . Only one other top Serb leader is currently held and awaiting trial . And with Mladic now in custody , Hala Gorani looks back at some of the reaction to what could be the end of this dark chapter in history . BEGIN VIDEO HALA GORANI , CNN INTERNATIONAL ANCHOR : After almost 16 years on the run , one of the world 's most wanted alleged war criminals is finally captured . Serbian authorities arrested Ratko Mladic Thursday . They reportedly caught up with him in Lazarevo , a village near the northern town of Zrenjanin . Mladic was a Bosnian Serb general during the Balkan wars of the 1990s , and the highest-ranking Yugoslav war crimes suspect still at large . He 's wanted for genocide , extermination and murder , and is accused of masterminding the 1995 massacre at Srebrenica . LORD DAVID OWEN , FORMER EU ENVOY TO FORMER YUGOSLAVIA : General Mladic has a very heavy responsibility for what was a tragedy in Bosnia-Herzegovina for many years , but particularly for the massacre of over 8,000 Muslim males , which has already been judged to be a genocide . GORANI : The capture was praised internationally as a victory for the rule of law in Serbia . ANDERS FOGH RASMUSSEN , NATO SECRETARY GENERAL : The arrest of Ratko Mladic is a very important step towards full integration of the entire region in our Euro-Atlantic community . GORANI : Mladic now faces extradition to the Netherlands and will eventually be tried by an international criminal tribunal . JAMES RUBIN , FORMER U.S. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE : When I was the State Department spokesman back in the late '90s , journalists every day would often ask what 's happening with Mladic , what 's happening with Karadzic , and all I could say at the time was his day will come . And his day has finally come . OWEN : I expect to see him in the Hague very soon , and I think that justice will then be done . GORANI : Hala Gorani , reporting . END VIDEO Shoutout SHELBY ERDMAN , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Hendrich 's social studies classes at Elton Gregory Middle School in Redmond , Oregon ! Nicolas Sarkozy is the president of what country ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Russia , B  France , C  Canada or D  Greece ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Mr. Sarkozy has been the president of France for four years . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! G8 Meeting in France AZUZ : Right now , President Sarkozy is welcoming other world leaders as France hosts the annual meeting of the G8 , or Group of Eight . Along with France , the G8 includes the U.S. , Britain , Canada , Japan , Germany , Italy and Russia . These are the world 's biggest economic powers . They meet every year to discuss major issues happening around the globe . The group got together yesterday in France . And in addition to big topics -- like the global economy , the environment , terrorism -- the recent Japanese earthquake and tsunami also came up . Japan 's prime minister thanked President Obama for America 's help in recovering from that disaster . Immigration Law AZUZ : The U.S. Supreme Court is ruling on whether state or federal laws take priority when it comes to immigration reform . A majority of the court ruled in favor of an Arizona law . It punishes businesses that do n't use a federal system to check a potential employee 's immigration status . Other groups had argued that the system is supposed to be voluntary . There are several cases involving this "  state versus federal " question , so we could hear more on this very soon . Why So Many Tornadoes ? AZUZ : Officials in Missouri have released a list of more than 230 people missing since a tornado hit the city of Joplin on Sunday . They 're asking anyone with information to call in and help . The tornado in Joplin was just one of the storms that has torn across the U.S. Rob Marciano is here to explain the science behind how these twisters form . Rob ? ROB MARCIANO , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : The set-up across the U.S. is different from any other place in the world , where you have cold Canadian air that comes down from , obviously Canada . And this time of year in May and April , we still have cold air at the upper levels of the atmosphere , because it 's not quite totally warmed up . And we have warm humid air coming in from the south , and then also dry air coming in from Mexico . It makes this year a little bit different . At least earlier on , we have this La Nina that we 've talked about , and what that does it really starts to kink up the jet stream a little bit more than usual , and that gives it more energy . That allows more cold air to drop down , and that allows the battleground to light up a little bit more . Blog Promo AZUZ : On our blog at CNNStudentNews.com , you 'll see a list of this school year 's top stories . Severe weather is definitely one of them . We want to include your thoughts in our year-end wrap-up . Go to the blog , leave your comments on these stories . You might see them in our show next Friday . Do n't Fry Day AZUZ : Today , obviously , is Friday . But some organizations have dubbed today "  Do n't Fry Day . " Hmm ? Brooke Baldwin is going to shine a light on what this is about . BEGIN VIDEO BROOKE BALDWIN , CNN ANCHOR : The National Sun Safety Day , also known as "  Do n't Fry Day , " is a campaign by the EPA and members of the National Council on Skin Cancer Awareness . Now in its third year , Do n't Fry Day is aimed at educating the public about skin protection in the sun . It 's held just before Memorial Day weekend . DRUSILLA HUFFORD , EPA : Our hope in holding it on the Friday before Memorial Day really has been to peg to the expectation in most American families that that is the gateway to summer . As of now , 1 in 5 Americans is expected to be diagnosed with skin cancer over a lifetime . So , EPA and the National Council are asking folks to remember to slip , slop , slap and wrap . First , slip on some protective clothing . Secondly , wear sunscreen . Next , slap on a hat . Finally , wrap on some sunglasses . BALDWN : Dermatologist Rutledge Forney says sunscreen is key . DR. RUTLEDGE FORNEY , DERMATOLOGIST : The first thing they ought to look for is a large number . We really believe that 30 or higher is very important . The second thing is that they need to have a broad spectrum , that is UVA and UVB coverage . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? ERDMAN , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Memorial Day used to be known as Decoration Day . This is true ! And the holiday always falls on the last Monday in May . Honoring the Fallen AZUZ : The holiday that Americans observe on Monday goes back almost 150 years . It was named Decoration Day because the first people who observed it would decorate -- put flowers -- on the graves of troops killed in the U.S. Civil War . So why late May ? Well , it 's believed this time of year was chosen because flowers are in bloom all across the nation . This is Arlington National Cemetery . It 's where the first major Decoration Day observance was held in 1868 , though smaller observances were made throughout the country before that . Instead of flowers , today 's military usually places small American flags beside more than 250,000 graves at Arlington . The flags will stay there through Memorial Day . But Decoration Day , Memorial Day , how did we get from one name to the other ? The Great War , the war to end all wars ; what 's known today as World War I . It not only changed the world , it changed how the U.S. remembers its fallen troops . After this brutal event , Decoration Day became Memorial Day to memorialize Americans killed in any of the nation 's wars . This is what distinguishes this holiday from Veterans Day , which honors anyone who 's served in the U.S. Armed Forces . And while Memorial Day 's traditions have changed over the years , its significance remains . At 3:00 p.m. , wherever you are on Memorial Day , there 's a National Moment of Remembrance . It encourages you to pause for one minute in honor of those who 've died fighting for the country . Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go today , we have proof for you that one person really can make a difference . The flag flying over the pier in Oceanside , California was pretty torn up . So , Luke Smith decided to do something about it . He wrote a letter to the mayor . The eight-year-old said that flying a torn flag was disrespectful to the country and its troops . He asked the mayor to replace it . Done ! New flag flying , all thanks to one person 's determination . Goodbye AZUZ : Time for us to wave goodbye . No show on Monday due to Memorial Day . Enjoy the long weekend . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Serbian authorities arrest an alleged war criminal from the Bosnian War World leaders gather to discuss global issues at the G8 Summit in France Officials declare "  Do n't Fry Day " to raise awareness about exposure to sun Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Paris  CNN  -- Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn may face new sexual assault charges in France this week , days after charges against him in New York appeared to be on shaky ground . In anticipation of those new claims , a lawyer in France for the former IMF chief said he had filed a counterclaim against French writer Tristane Banon for "  false declarations " after the 32-year-old journalist and writer alleged that Strauss-Kahn assaulted her eight years ago . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer 's filing was announced shortly after Banon 's lawyer , David Koubbi , said he will file the criminal complaint Tuesday with prosecutors , who will determine if there is enough evidence to file charges . The legal fireworks came days after questions arose about the truthfulness of a housekeeper who alleged that Strauss-Kahn tried to rape her in his New York hotel suite in May . Asked about Banon 's allegation , Strauss-Kahn 's co-counsel Benjamin Brafman said in New York , "  I do not wish to comment . " Banon 's mother , Socialist politician Anne Mansouret , said shortly after the housekeeper 's accusations were splashed across front pages around the world that her daughter had been attacked by Strauss-Kahn in 2003 but that she had discouraged her at the time from filing charges against him . He was never charged in connection with the alleged attack in France on Banon . Mansouret , a member of parliament , said she cautioned Banon not to file a police report at the time for fear it would hurt her journalism career . However , in light of the charges against Strauss-Kahn , 62 , after the alleged incident at a Sofitel hotel in New York in May , Banon 's attorney , Koubbi , said a few weeks ago that he and Banon were considering filing a complaint . Koubbi said the cases were not connected . "  I do n't see any reason why these two cases should be joined , because either the prosecutor has enough elements to condemn Dominique Strauss-Kahn in the United States -- and if he does , he should do it -- or he needs to bring two cases together to get a conviction , " he said in June . "  In that case , we do not want to participate , " he added . Strauss-Kahn 's attorney in France , Leon Lef Forster , did not respond to requests for comment on the allegations in May . Mansouret described herself last week as "  the woman who embarrasses the Socialist Party . " "  I am ... a sort of collateral damage in the DSK affair . I knew for a long time that my political career was sealed with this bomb , but I did n't imagine that this bitter past could be revived so violently , " she wrote July 1 on the Rue89 website , referring to the alleged attack in New York . Mansouret recently pulled out of the Socialist Party presidential primaries . Strauss-Kahn had been a front-runner for the party nomination until the New York arrest , and suggestions that the case was foundering have revived talk of his chances in next year 's presidential elections . Mansouret said in May that , in 2003 , her journalist daughter had interviewed Strauss-Kahn in his office in the National Assembly . However , after the interview , Banon received a text message from Strauss-Kahn , saying he was not happy with the interview and asking if he could speak with her again , Mansouret said . After Banon arrived at the address Strauss-Kahn had sent her , he locked the door to the room they were in , took her hand and grabbed her arm , according to Mansouret . Banon told him to let her go , and the incident ended with the two struggling on the floor , Mansouret said . Banon managed to escape the apartment and locked herself in her car , where she called her mother . Mansouret said she arrived about an hour and a half later to find her daughter still locked in the car and looking "  roughed up . " The heel of one shoe was broken , Mansouret recalled . But Mansouret told her daughter not to file a complaint out of concern that she would become known as Strauss-Kahn 's victim . CNN does not typically identify sexual assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . In New York , the prosecutor 's case against Strauss-Kahn has been shaken in recent days after sources revealed that the housekeeper at the Sofitel hotel had been less than truthful with investigators . Within two days after the alleged attack occurred , she spoke by phone with a boyfriend in an Arizona jail in a recorded conversation . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that she said that "  she 's fine and this person is rich and there 's money to be made , " as originally reported by The New York Times . The source also said the alleged victim had bank accounts in multiple states . "  She was getting deposits of several thousands of dollars at a time from people she knew , potentially involved in drug dealing , " the source said . The 32-year-old immigrant has admitted to prosecutors that she lied about her whereabouts following the alleged attack , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms , according to documents filed in court Friday by prosecutors . Prosecutors said Friday that the woman also admitted to lying about being a victim of a gang rape . In angry remarks delivered outside the courthouse , the woman 's attorney , Kenneth Thompson , acknowledged problems with his client 's credibility , but the bottom line , he said , is that she was attacked . "  That was true the day it happened , and it is true today , " he said . "  She has described that sexual assault many times to the prosecutors and to me . And she has never once changed a single thing about that account . " The indictment and charges -- including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse -- still stand . And , though Stauss-Kahn is now free to travel in the United States , the judge said authorities has continued to withhold the French financier 's passport . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Susan Candiotti and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Lawyer for French journalist says he will file a criminal complaint over 2003 incident Banon 's mother advised her not to file a complaint for fear it would hurt her career Strauss-Kahn was arrested on an unrelated sex charge , but the case may be crumbling He resigned as head of the International Monetary Fund after the New York charges
London , England  CNN  -- "  Some people believe football is a matter of life and death ... I assure you it is much , much more important than that . " As Bill Shankly , the legendary former manager of English club Liverpool , pointed out shortly before he passed away in 1981 , the significance of the beautiful game can never be underestimated -- and that does n't just apply to fans of the sport , either . Soccer can affect lives on a national and international scale , inspiring revolutions and causing wars as well as having the capability to create peace and lift entire nations . The "  Football War " between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969 is perhaps the most famous example of the sport 's wider implications . The two Central American nations famously came to blows following their qualification match for the 1970 World Cup . Pedro Pinto 's World Cup predictions But this was n't the first time , and definitely wo n't be the last , that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results . 1 . Mussolini manipulates the "  man in black , " 1934 "  Il Duce " was determined to use this World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy . Mussolini had his own trophy created for the event -- the Coppa Del Duce -- which was six times the size of the Jules Rimet , and to this day allegations remain the tournament was fixed so that only Italy would collect it . According to the BBC 's "  World Cup Stories " book by Chris Hunt , there were suggestions that the Italian dictator himself picked the referees . In the semifinal against Austria , Mussolini 's Azzurri team won 2-1 , but after the game their opponents complained the game was fixed . The World Cup 's missing men "  The referee even played for them , " said Austrian striker Josef Bican . "  When I passed for the ball out to the right wing , one of our players , Cicek , ran for it and the referee headed it back to the Italians . It was unbelievable . " 2 . Austrian star humiliates Nazis , 1938 Austria had one of the game 's greatest sides in the 1930s , but when the Nazis annexed their neighbors , the nation 's "  Wunderteam " were forced to withdraw from the World Cup and merge with Germany . Star striker Matthias Sindelar so opposed his nation 's loss of independence that he refused to play for Germany . He pleaded old age , but Germany 's manager Sepp Herberger would later recall : "  I almost had the impression that discomfort and rejection , linked to the political developments , had prompted his refusal . " Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? During a so-called "  Reconciliation Game " to mark the merging of the two sides , Sindelar made his feelings quite clear in a 2-0 win for Austria . According to German historian Nils Havemann 's book "  Fussball unterm Hakenkreuz , " the center-forward scored his beloved country 's first and then , when the second goal went in , he danced in celebration in front of Nazi officials . In 1939 , Sindelar and his girlfriend were killed in his apartment by a gas leak . Controversy still reigns over whether it was murder or suicide -- or just an accident . 3 . Algerians play for independence , 1958 Halfway through Algeria 's War of Independence , the French national team called up a handful of Algerians playing in the French soccer league for the World Cup in Sweden . Given the chance of glory , fame and fortune , the players chose national identity instead . Rather than attend a pre-tournament friendly against Switzerland , they decided to flee France , gather at the headquarters of the Front Liberation National in Tunisia and launch an "  illegal " national team , risking arrest for desertion in the process . Who will win the World Cup ? Rachid Maflouki had won the French championship with Saint Etienne before getting the call from Les Bleus , but decided there were more important matters at stake than his personal success . "  I did n't hesitate , " he told Ian Hawkey , author of "  Feet of the Chameleon . " "  Okay , I would have to give up my club . And yes , I was thinking about the World Cup , but what did that count for in comparison with my country 's independence ? " 4 . Zaire players crack under Presidential pressure , 1974 It 's remembered as one of the World Cup 's funniest moments , but the truth is much darker . Already 3-0 down and facing a Brazilian free-kick , Zaire 's right-back Ilunga Mwepu seemingly forgot the rules of the game , charged at the ball and hoofed it away before the whistle had even been blown . The Leopards , the first sub-Saharan African nation to reach the finals , had already been humiliated 9-0 by Yugoslavia before losing 2-0 to Scotland , and were told by President Mobutu 's henchmen that if they lost to Brazil by more than three goals they would n't be allowed to return home . Ten World Cup headlines yet to be written "  Do you think I 'd deliberately make myself look like an idiot ? You have to remember we were playing for our lives , " he said in the book "  Death or Glory , the Dark History of the World Cup " by Jon Spurling . Mwepu 's act of "  madness , " it turns out , was in fact a very sane attempt to waste time . 5 . The German nation divided , 1974 East Germany versus West at the 1974 World Cup was perhaps the most politically-charged match of all time . After the Second World War , the divided nation had become the main arena for the Cold War , and this fixture in Hamburg represented a head-to-head between the two ideologies . Although the game was actually the last in the group and it had become clear that both teams would qualify from the group stage , that did not diminish the tension surrounding the clash . Ten shocking World Cup moments With home advantage , European champions West Germany were favorites but it was the East German Jurgen Sparwasser who scored the only goal of the game . East Germany heralded their triumph , but the victory was rendered a little hollow after they were knocked out in the next round and their bitter rivals went on to win the tournament . 6 . Argentine junta swaps grain for glory , 1978 Argentina 's junta , which had seized power just a couple of years earlier , was determined to use the World Cup it was hosting as propaganda for the regime . According to a 1986 article by journalist Maria Laura Avignolo of Britain 's Sunday Times , and supported by David Yallop in his book "  How They Stole the Game , " the junta used bribery and intimidation to help win the cup . Controversy over new World Cup ball In the group stages , Argentina needed to beat Peru by four goals in their last game to progress . General Jorge Videla made a timely pre-match visit to the Peruvian dressing-room to talk to the players about "  Latin American unity " before the host nation rattled six past a side that had previously held eventual finalists Holland to a goalless draw . Avignolo claimed that in the weeks following the Peru game , an impromptu cargo of 35,000 tonnes of wheat left Argentina for Lima and that the military regime issued an interest-free loan of $ 50 million to the Peruvian government . 7 . Iran 's football revolution , 1998 They may have been two of the least significant footballing sides at France ' 98 , but nevertheless this fixture caught the world 's imagination because Iran and the United States had been at loggerheads since the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . Although political relations were strained , the clash of civilizations never quite happened on the pitch . Instead , both sides showed the utmost respect , swapping flowers , gifts and photographs before the kick-off . The Iranians won 2-1 , but , celebrations back home had a destabilizing effect as hundreds of thousands of young people , including women , partied in the streets in defiance of government warnings . "  In my neighborhood everybody goes out into the streets , " one young Iranian told the BBC 's Jim Muir . "  It 's a good excuse for boys and girls to mix , and in a way it 's political , because it 's a demand for social change . " 8 . Germany enjoys "  Partyotism , " 2006 The tournament slogan "  A time to make friends " pretty much said it all . The organizers of Germany 2006 set out to woo the world , and in the process the country learned to love themselves . A combination of a flawless summer and coach Jurgen Klinsmann 's flee-flowing football injected a feel-good factor back into the national psyche , and Germans realized they could enjoy patriotism again -- or as the local media billed it , "  partyotism . " "  In the space of one month , Klinsmann managed to bring together a society ashamed of displays of nationalism and still divided along East-West lines , turning Germany into a nation of face-painting , flag-waving patriots , " Hunt said in his "  World Cup Stories " book . "  Never mind the final , " Britain 's The Times newspaper wrote . "  Germans are the real World Cup winners . " 9 . The Koreas refuse to play nicely , 2008 North and South Korea both successfully managed to qualify for South Africa 2010 , but there were plenty of bad-tempered squabbles along the way . The bickering got so bad that world governing body FIFA eventually had to intervene after North Korea announced it would not let the South play its national anthem or wave its flag on their territory . So determined were the North Koreans that they were even prepared to play their "  home " game abroad . In the end , the fixture took place in Shanghai , where the North Korean coach complained that their rivals had poisoned their food . In a statement about the match , the North 's football association said : "  It was beyond all doubt that the incident was a product of a deliberate act perpetrated by adulterated foodstuff as -LSB- the players -RSB- could not get up all of a sudden just before the match . " According to a report by the BBC , the South 's soccer federation -- Korea Football Association -- said a sports doctor had examined the North Korean players and found no serious problem . 10 . Football diplomacy between old enemies , 2008-09 Serious sport is war minus the shooting , remarked English author George Orwell . So it was refreshing last year when Armenia and Turkey used the beautiful game to make peace . The leaders of the two countries met up to watch a World Cup qualifier between their nations after almost a century of bitterness following the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by Turks during World War One . Turkish President Abdullah Gul attended the initial game in Armenia in 2008 , which the hosts lost 2-0 , and his counterpart Serzh Sarkisian agreed to join him for the return fixture the following year for further thawing of diplomatic relations . No doubt the fact that neither side had a chance of qualifying for South Africa helped keep things civil .	Argentina 's right-wing junta allegedly bribed Peru with grain and a $ 50M loan in 1978 Organizers of Germany 2006 set out to woo the world -- and in doing so lifted its people When Iran beat U.S. at the 1998 World Cup , celebrations in Tehran had a destabilizing effect Algerian players go AWOL rather than represent colonial masters France at World Cup
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Tunisia on Sunday ended a three-day mourning period for dozens of people killed in protests that ousted the country 's long-term president . As the mourning period came to a close , small protests broke out in the capital , Tunis . Protesters have decried a new government formed in the wake of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali 's ouster . They have called it a sham , and demanded that officials with connections to the old guard be fired . The nation 's interim prime minister said that his country would hold its first free democratic elections since gaining independence and vowed to leave politics after the ballot . "  We want to make the next elections the first transparent and legitimate elections since independence , " Tunisian Interim Prime Minister Mohammed Ghannouchi said Friday . Ghannouchi said he will retire from politics after the elections are held . Tunisia gained independence from France in 1956 . Ghannouchi said upcoming political reforms would "  scrap all undemocratic laws including laws involving political parties , the elections and the anti-terrorism law that was abused by the former regime . " "  I lived like all Tunisians , in pain and fear " under the former president , Ghannouchi said . Ben Ali was ousted in a rebellion a week ago after ruling the north African nation for 23 years . Ghannouchi resigned from his ruling party this week and was appointed interim Prime Minister by the interim President Fouad Mebazaa . Ben Ali 's Constitutional Democratic Rally 's central committee was dissolved last week . All Cabinet members who belonged to the party have quit it . The party , known as the RCD , suffered a major blow earlier this week when Ghannouchi and Mebazaa submitted their resignations from the party , though they remained in the government , Tunis TV reported . His ouster followed weeks of protests over what discontented Tunisians said were poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . More than 100 people were killed in protests that followed over the past five weeks , the United Nations said .	A three-day mourning period ends Sunday Interim PM Mohammed Ghannouchi says he will leave politics after elections Small protests break out in the Tunisian capital
CNN  -- Do not call Billy Bob Thornton an actor when you are interviewing him about his music . Billy Bob Thornton 's interview on a Canadian radio show is garnering lots of attention . A Canadian radio host learned that lesson when Thornton and his electric hillbilly band -- the Boxmasters -- visited his Toronto , Ontario , studio Wednesday morning . When Jian Ghomeshi introduced the trio on his CBC show , he noted that its singer-songwriter-drummer was also an "  Oscar-winning screenwriter-actor-director . " Thornton 's publicist , Arnold Robinson , disputes suggestions that what followed was a breakdown by the actor -- hmmm , musician . He "  simply elected not to engage with the interviewer because of the direction of the interview from the outset , " Robinson told CNN . Thornton took the reference to his movie career as an insult to his musical endeavor . The radio interview , which also was recorded on video , may leave the audience wondering whether this was a controlled performance by Thornton or a public breakdown that revealed true anger over a perceived insult of his music . Watch the interview with the actor-musician head south " In their first exchange , Thornton stonewalled his questioner : Ghomeshi : Billy Bob , you guys formed only in the last couple years , right ? Thornton : I do n't know what you 're talking about . Ghomeshi : How so ? Thornton : I do n't know what you mean by that . Ghomeshi : When did the band form ? Thornton : I 'm not sure what that means . Guitarist J.D. Andrew briefly rescued Ghomeshi by confirming the group came together two years ago . The Boxmasters are on tour opening for Willie Nelson , which prompted Ghomeshi 's next question directed at Thornton . Ghomeshi : What do you learn from Willie Nelson , Billy Bob ? Thornton : I 've never met him Ghomeshi :  laughing  Are you being ironic , or are you being serious ? Thornton : I do n't really know him . Ghomeshi : You 've never met Willie Nelson ? Thornton : I said hello to him once . He 's a nice guy . Thornton 's band mates talked about how their music was a mix of Southern hillbilly influences and the 1960s British rock invasion . Ghomeshi tried to draw Thornton into the conversation again . Ghomeshi : And that was true for you , Billy Bob , growing up it was sort of a combo of Stones and Monkees and Buck Owens ? Thornton : I just liked baseball when I was a kid . Ghomeshi : And you almost became a professional baseball player , right ? Thornton : I do n't know . Maybe . Ghomeshi : But you did n't love music when you were a kid ? Thornton : I subscribed to a magazine called Famous Monsters in Filmland , which the publisher was a guy named Forrest J. Ackerman , who passed away recently . The interviewer then asked Thornton if he remembered what music he listened to as a kid , but he rambled on about a monster model contest the magazine sponsored . Thornton said he entered but did not win . The tension came to a head when Ghomeshi asked Thornton if his bizarre answers were a reaction to his brief reference to his movie career . Ghomeshi : You would prefer me to only do this interview not mentioning at all , just to clarify , at all that you 've ever done anything in terms of acting , screenwriting . Thornton : That 's correct . Ghomeshi : Part of the attention that you are getting is because of the great career you 've had in other ways . What I 'm explaining is I 'm not trying to be insulting to your musical . ... Thornton : What I 'm explaining is that we said do not talk about s ** t like that . And we also said that we did n't want to hear anything about how this is my first love . You would n't say that to Tom Petty , would you ? "  I understand music is your first love . " Well , my first love was a chick named Lisa Cone . You know what I mean ? The two men then declared a truce so they could finally talk about the music Thornton called "  cosmic cowboy music . " No matter how good of a singer and drummer Thornton may be , his ability to create memorable characters is remarkable , as evidenced by his Oscar-nominated role of Karl , the mentally impaired convict in "  Sling Blade . " We now have a new Billy Bob Thornton character -- the musician who wants you to forget he was ever an actor .	Billy Bob Thornton and Boxmasters band mates appear on Canadian radio show Thornton stonewalls questions after host makes mention of his acting career Actor 's reply after being asked when band formed : "  I 'm not sure what that means " It 's difficult to discern whether Thornton was really mad or if he was "  acting "
New York  CNN  -- A New York City grand jury indicted an alleged drug kingpin and three suspected associates Monday after authorities seized a stash of methamphetamine and heroin valued at more than $ 6.5 million , the Drug Enforcement Administration said . Jose Mauro Mota and his alleged co-conspirators were arrested in July after a "  record-breaking " seizure , officials said . Authorities said they found 51 pounds of crystal methamphetamine , valued at $ 4.8 million . Also seized was 11 pounds of heroin , valued at about $ 1.75 million . "  This is one of the largest and highest-purity methamphetamine seizures with the end destination - - the Big Apple , " John P. Gilbride , head of the DEA 's New York field division , said in a prepared statement . "  The New York Drug Enforcement Task Force and the Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor worked collaboratively in order to disrupt this multi-drug smuggling organization and arrest those responsible for dealing meth in and around NYC . " Mota faces multiple drug possession charges , authorities said . His alleged associates also face drug charges . Mota , Deivis Rafael Ceballos , Cesar Primitivo Lara and Romedi Lara-Serrano were arrested on July 3 on Interstate 95 , near a service area in Ridgefield , New Jersey , following a two-week investigation , authorities said in a news release . Authorities said they learned of the alleged drug shipment as agents used a court-authorized wiretap to listen to Mota 's phone conversations . Authorities then followed the shipment , which originated in Mexico , through Texas and then across country , the news release said . The drugs were being transferred from a tractor-trailer to a car at the time of the seizure , it said . Mota and Ceballos also face charges under New York 's kingpin statute dealing with operating as a major trafficker , the news release said . This is the only felony narcotics charge in New York that comes with a possible life sentence .	$ 6.5 million worth of methamphetamine and heroin is seized in July "  This is one of the largest and highest-purity methamphetamine seizures , " the DEA says Authorities learn of the alleged drug shipment through a wiretap of a suspect 's phones
EW.com  -- E.L. James ' ought to revise the title of her publishing juggernaut , 50 Shades of Grey , to 50 Shades of cold hard cash . After all , the author raked in an estimated $ 95 million this year , making her the world 's top-earning author , according to Forbes . Rounding out the top five on Forbes ' list are familiar names of the crime , fantasy , conservative pundit , and romance genres . In a close second place is James Patterson , earning $ 91 million , followed by Hunger Games author Suzanne Collins with $ 55 million , Bill O'Reilly with $ 28 million , and No. 5 is prolific romance author Danielle Steel with $ 26 million . Forbes culled these estimated numbers from sales data available from June 2012 to June 2013 . Much lower on Forbes ' list were No. 15 J.K. Rowling with earnings estimates of $ 13 million for her adult fiction releases The Casual Vacancy and The Cuckoo 's Calling , and No. 16 George R.R. Martin with $ 12 million , though he was the best-selling paperback author of 2012 . Let 's see if these publishing and e-book sales for James translate to box-office green with next summer 's 50 Shades movie . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  50 Shades of Grey " has been good to its author E.L. James raked in an estimated $ 95 million this year J.K. Rowling was much lower on the Forbes list
CNN  -- Flooding has claimed 102 lives in southwestern Nigeria , where a dam burst and a river overflowed near the city of Ibadan , officials said Wednesday . A rain deluge from Friday night to early Saturday caused the Odo Ona River to overflow and the Eleyele dam to collapse , said Yushau Shuaib of the government 's National Emergency Management Agency . Several homes were swept away and temporary camps were set up , Shuaib said . The Nigerian Red Cross , which is helping in the crisis , said earlier this week that more victims could still be found in remote areas that rescue teams have not reached . The government is delivering aid to people displaced by the flooding in Ibadan and surrounding areas in Oyo state , the National Emergency Management Agency said . Thousands of people have been displaced , and about 1,500 of them are being looked after in centers run by government officials and the Red Cross in the Ibadan area , Red Cross spokesman Umar Mairiga told CNN on Tuesday . They are being given emergency food rations , as well as mattresses , blankets and rubber mats , Mairiga said . The deputy governor of Oyo state , Chief Moses Adeyemo , called for more federal government help to resettle those displaced and to rebuild bridges and water channels destroyed by the flooding , the statement said . NEMA warned that there could be more flooding in urban areas during the rainy season if drains were inadequate or blocked by uncleared waste . Journalist Alkasim Abdulkadir and CNN 's Christian Purefoy and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	More than 100 people have died in Nigerian flooding More flooding is possible during the rainy season , agency warns Thousands of people have been displaced , the Nigerian Red Cross says
CNN  -- MySpace.com has identified and removed 90,000 convicted sex offenders from its popular social-networking site , according to one of the dozens of state attorneys general who pressured the site to beef up its safety standards . MySpace.com 's chief security officer said in 2007 that the site has "  zero tolerance for sexual predators . " Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , who spearheaded the campaign to subpoena MySpace , told CNN Radio that he found the number "  appalling . " "  These convicted , registered sex offenders clearly create profiles seeking to prey on children , " he said . "  This revelation is totally appalling and unacceptable , and this shocking revelation , resulting from our subpoena , also provides compelling proof that social networking sites remain ripe with sexual predators . " MySpace 's chief security officer , Hemanshu Nigam , issued a statement : "  As the first and only social networking site to use state of the art technology to identify and remove registered sex offenders from its site , MySpace is proud of its leadership position and hopes that Facebook follows our lead in providing their members with the same protections . As part of our longstanding partnership with law enforcement and state attorneys general , we will continue to readily provide information on these removed offenders for their investigations . " In May , MySpace announced that it would provide the coalition of state attorneys general with information on sex offenders who use the site . "  We have zero tolerance for sexual predators on MySpace , " Nigam said at the time , as he introduced a tool known as Sentinel SAFE to track online sex offenders . MySpace had initially refused to comply with the subpoena , citing federal privacy laws .	Number of sex offenders found on the site "  appalling , " Connecticut AG says "  Social networking sites remain ripe with sexual predators , " Blumenthal says State attorneys general had pressured MySpace.com to beef up safety standards
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Family members of Meredith Kercher said Saturday they were satisfied with the verdict that found American Amanda Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , guilty of the fatal knifing of the British student . "  Ultimately we are pleased with the decision , " said Lyle Kercher , Meredith Kercher 's brother . "  But it was not a moment of celebration . We are here because our sister was brutally murdered . " The victim 's sister , Stephanie Kercher , talked Friday about her family 's grief . "  Our lives have been on hold , really . You ca n't really carry on as normal , " she said . "  You have to take each day as it comes . It 's not ever going to be the same without -LSB- Meredith -RSB- . " Knox and Sollecito were found guilty of murder Friday after a lengthy , sensational trial . Knox was given a 26-year sentence ; Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years . Both will appeal , attorneys said . Knox and Sollecito were convicted on all charges except theft . The pair was accused of staging a theft to cover up the killing . Authorities said 300 euros  about $ 444  was discovered missing from Kercher 's purse . The pair must pay 5 million euros  $ 7.4 million  to Kercher 's family . In addition , Knox must pay 40,000 euros  nearly $ 60,000  to a man whom she falsely accused of the killing . One of Knox 's sisters said Saturday that Amanda "  had a rough night . " Her mother , Edda Mellas , said , "  She had a lot of support . The inmates and the guards were all taking great care of her . They care a lot . "  Amanda , like the rest of us , is extremely disappointed -- upset about the decision , " Mellas said . "  We 're all in shock ; we 're all heartened by the support " that she said residents of Perugia and other Italians had shown . "  People from all over the world have been sending us messages of support all through the night , " Mellas said . "  We told her she 's going to get out of there . It 's -LSB- just -RSB- going to take a little longer . " Sollecito 's lawyer , Luca Maori , criticized his client 's punishment -- less than the life sentence the prosecution requested but far short of exonerating Sollecito -- as making no sense . "  For the grave crimes they claimed , you either sentence them to life . ... or you acquit . There is no middle way , " Maori said . Public prosecutor Giuliano Mignini told CNN he feels he presented a strong case . He said about 20 magistrates worked alongside police during the investigation . However , he said that in the face of the planned appeals , clearly the conviction is not final . Learn how the murder case played out People who disagree with the verdict should at least respect it , because so many professionals were involved in the investigation , Mignini said . "  I believe , evidently , that they think there was violence . They are the deputies who establish the foundation " of charges , he said . "  And they did this . " The victim 's mother said she believed the defendants were guilty of the slaying . "  You have to go with the evidence , " Arline Kercher said . Take a look at the evidence against Knox Knox 's lead defense attorney , Luciano Ghirga , said that when he met with his client Saturday morning , she was angry and continued to proclaim her innocence . He told CNN the situation has been a trying experience , and Knox hardly slept Friday night after the verdict . She was consoled by the other prisoners , who managed get her a cup of warm milk , Ghirga said . The jury reached its verdict after deliberating nearly 11 hours on the 11 counts . Jurors must submit an explanation of how they reached their decision to the judge within 90 days , and this "  jury motivation " will be made public . Prosecutors had asked for a sentence of life in prison . Italy does not have the death penalty . CNN 's Richard Greene and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence makes no sense , co-defendant 's lawyer says Knox , her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito sentenced for Meredith Kercher 's murder Appeals mean convictions not final , Italian prosecutor says Meredith Kercher 's sister : "  It 's not ever going to be the same "
Oskaloosa , Iowa  CNN  -- Republican Joni Ernst defended Tuesday her decision to abruptly cancel a meeting with the Des Moines Register Editorial Board last week , telling CNN "  it did n't make sense " because she knew they would back her Democratic opponent . "  It was quite evident where they stood in this race and they were going to endorse my opponent , " Ernst said in an interview at a campaign stop in Oskaloosa . The Des Moines Register endorsement is coveted in Iowa politics , and sitting down with editorial boards to answer questions is a long-held tradition not only in Iowa but nationwide . Ernst aides point to several editorials in the days leading up to the scheduled meeting as proof she would n't get a fair shake from the newspaper . Related : Ernst skips Des Moines Register meeting A Des Moines Register editorial last week called Ernst "  naive " for insisting that a constitutional amendment on so-called personhood that she co-sponsored in the state Senate is "  simply a statement that I support life . " But the same editorial also criticized her Democratic opponent , Bruce Braley . The race for the seat being vacated by retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin is one of the most competitive contests this year , with recent polls showing Ernst with a slight lead or a statistical tie between the two . The seat would be a crucial pickup for Republicans on their quest to retake the upper chamber . After Ernst canceled her meeting with the Des Moines Register , its publisher issued a statement expressing his disappointment , but insisting that "  snubbing us or appearing before us wo n't be the final call in our endorsement . " This past Sunday the newspaper did in fact endorse Braley . Despite insisting the cancellation was not about avoiding tough questions , the reality is any editorial board is a tough room . Alison Lundergan Grimes got tripped up earlier this month at an editorial board meeting with the Courier Journal when she refused to say if she voted for President Barack Obama . Not taking such a risk so close the election comports with the Ernst campaign strategy right now , which is to exude confidence , likability and keep the focus on fixing a broken Washington . The question is whether Ernst defying tradition in a state that cherishes its traditions will hurt her with voters who are on the fence , especially if they think she was in fact avoiding tough questions . Ernst insists the best thing for her now is to follow the ultimate Iowa tradition , which is to be out and meeting voters . "  I really need to be on the trail and visiting with Iowans and making sure they have the opportunity to interact with me and ask me questions . that 's the important thing at this point in time , " Ernst told CNN .	Joni Ernst canceled a preplanned meeting with the Des Moines Register last week Ernst said ` it was quite evident ' the paper would back her opponent , which they did The newspaper said Ernst 's cancellation was not the sole factor behind the endorsement
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A woman who suffers from multiple sclerosis lost her legal bid Wednesday to clarify Britain 's laws on assisted suicide . Debbie Purdy and her husband Omar Puente pictured outside London 's High Court . Debbie Purdy , 45 , had launched a High Court challenge to determine whether her husband would face prosecution if he helped her end her life before her conditioned worsened . Purdy told reporters she was "  disappointed and surprised " that the judges refused to interpret the 1961 Suicide Act , which says assisting someone in a suicide is a crime punishable by up to 14 years in prison . Purdy , speaking from a wheelchair beside her husband Omar Puente , said she would appeal . She has said she wants the option of assisted suicide if her pain one day becomes unbearable . Her case asked the judges to tell her at what point her husband would be breaking the law if she committed suicide with his help . "  I 'm not prepared for Omar to break the law , " she said . "  How can we make sure that we act within the law without potential prison sentences if they wo n't tell us under what circumstances they would prosecute ? " The suicide act says only that anyone who "  aids , abets , counsels or procures the suicide of another , or an attempt by another to commit suicide , shall be liable " to be jailed for as long as 14 years . "  What does this actually mean , and how is the discretion to prosecute actually exercised ? " said Melissa Milner , a spokeswoman for Dignity in Dying , a charity that has worked on Purdy 's case . "  Does it mean booking tickets ? Getting medical records ? Pushing somebody 's wheelchair on a plane ? Do these matters amount to a criminal offense ? " Dignity in Dying campaigns to give terminally ill patients the option of an assisted death so they "  would not be forced to contemplate dying before they are ready , " according to the group 's Web site . Wednesday 's ruling comes amid a similar high-profile case in Britain . Dan James , 23 , died in an assisted suicide in September , 18 months after he became paralyzed in a rugby training session . He had traveled with his parents to Switzerland -- where assisted suicide is legal under some circumstances -- where he took his life . British prosecutors are considering charges against his parents , who are now back in Britain . Purdy , who lives in the northern English city of Bradford with her husband , was diagnosed with primary progressive multiple Sclerosis in 1995 , when she was 31 . She is still able to do normal activities like cooking , cleaning and shopping , but she knows her physical condition is rapidly deteriorating . If her case is not resolved , Purdy said she may decide to go alone to Switzerland and commit suicide while she is still able to on her own . She said she would prefer making that journey much later , only once her condition deteriorates , so she can die with her husband by her side . "  I 'll have to make a decision , " she said . "  I 'm not prepared for Omar to face potential jail , because if they wo n't tell us in advance  that  he can do X , Y , and Z without risk of prosecution , I ca n't risk that . "	Multiple sclerosis sufferer fails in legal bid to clarify UK assisted suicide law Debbie Purdy "  disappointed and surprised " by judges refusal to interpret law 45-year-old wanted to know at what point her husband would be breaking law
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department faces questions over whether it prematurely ended interrogation of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzohkhar Tsarnaev before a court appearance at his hospital bed . House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said he was "  concerned that these proceedings , which included mandatory administration of Miranda rights , could have been conducted in a manner that prematurely cut off a lawful , ongoing FBI interview . " Tsarnaev faced a judicial "  first appearance " on Monday at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center three days after being taken into custody for the April 15 bombing that killed three people and injured more than 260 others . A government source familiar with the first appearance says the Miranda warning , which advises criminal suspects of their constitutional rights against self-incrimination , were first administered while a magistrate judge presided over the hearing . Government officials indicated Tsarnev , 19 , was not immediately apprised of those rights after his capture late last Friday , under what is called the "  public safety " exception . That allows for limited questioning by law enforcement of a suspect to determine if there as imminent danger to the public of attack . The weekend interrogation period from Saturday evening into Monday morning was 16 hours , but questioning was off and on because of suspect 's medical condition , according to the government source . Tsarneav , who sustained a gunshot wound , reportedly gave investigators specific information about the marathon bombing . Was New York next target ? Two sources tell CNN he has since not answered "  substantive " questions from investigators about his alleged operational role in the attack . Authorities allege Tsarnaev bombed the famed road race along with his brother , Tamerlan , 26 , who died early Friday morning following a violent confrontation with police . There were indications that Dzohkhar Tsarnaev was offering more basic personal information not related to the investigation -- such as his family and work history . But Rogers , a Michigan Republican , told CNN the cooperation has stopped . "  Once they walked into the hospital room and offered the lawyer and Mirandized , the subject has not continued to cooperate with authorities and that 's a huge problem , " said Rogers in an interview that aired Thursday on CNN 's "  Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " Tsarnaev only began "  responding " to government law enforcement investigators Saturday evening under the "  public safety exception " allowing interrogation without Miranda rights . Suspects ' mother expresses doubts about bombing Formal charges were filed under seal on Sunday , but the questioning continued . Tsarnaev faces one count of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely an improvised explosive device , against persons and property within the United States resulting in death . He also was charged with one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . The Justice Department must decide whether to seek the death penalty . One government source said the court and federal public defenders were notified of the charges and it was arranged for the judge , defenders , and prosecutors to meet the next morning to have the court appearance in the hospital room . The U.S. attorney 's office coordinated with the hospital staff when the suspect would be available , since he had earlier been under sedation . A spokeswoman for that office , Christina Dilorio-Sterling , said Judge Marianne Bowler followed legal protocol and scheduled a hearing "  without unnecessary delay " as the law requires . It is unusual but not unprecedented for a judge to preside at bedside for an injured defendant . Dilorio-Sterling stressed the judge is obligated to set a hearing as soon as the criminal complaint is filed because the accused is entitled to an initial appearance and to be provided legal counsel , which Tsarnaev received . Sources dismissed earlier media reports the judge had "  barged " into an ongoing FBI interrogation , and that the team of interrogators were caught off guard by the court proceeding about to take place . A source said the interrogation had wrapped up about an hour before the court session began , and that all parties were advised of the mandatory court appearance . There was no reaction from the court or Bowler 's chambers . The Justice Department said it would look into Rogers ' concerns . Rogers said the FBI may have been too quick to end the questioning , and criticized the judge 's actions . "  That is highly unusual for a judge to intervene so hastily and make the decision not based on the facts of the interviews and the public safety exception , but what they perceived was happening based on what they saw on television , " he said . "  It 's a dangerous precedence setting that I think we need to change and correct right away . And we still need more answers on this particular question . " Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd also confirmed the U.S. attorney 's sequence of events . "  Following the filing of the criminal complaint in this matter on Sunday , the court , that evening , scheduled an initial appearance for Monday , which it then coordinated with the prosecutors , federal defender , court reporter , U.S. Marshal Service and the hospital . "  The Rules of Criminal Procedure require the Court to advise the defendant of his right to silence and his right to counsel during the Initial Appearance . The prosecutors and FBI agents in Boston were advised of the scheduled initial appearance in advance of its occurrence , " Boyd said in a statement . Generally , suspects charged with crimes in an initial criminal complaint are to be brought before court within "  one business day , " even those hospitalized like Tsarnaev . The public safety exception does not set a hard time when questioning must stop and the suspect must be taken into court , but it 's generally understood to be about 48 hours . The government would have to justify holding anyone longer than that under the exception . The court case is U.S. v. Tsarnaev  13-2106  . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Deborah Feyerick , and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Bombing suspect Dzohkhar Tsarnaev questioned before court appearance Republican lawmaker concerned that questioning may have been cut off too early Source : Miranda warning given to Tsarnaev at hospital bedside Law allows for limited questioning if there is imminent danger of attack
CNN  -- Thanks to Obamacare , nearly 6 million currently uninsured Latinos in the United States will have access to affordable health care come January 1 , 2014 , including mental health and substance-abuse services . But some experts say that wo n't be enough to encourage mentally ill in the Hispanic community to seek help . In 2011 , 15.9 % of Hispanic adults reported suffering from a mental illness the previous year , according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health . But thousands in this population often go without professional mental health treatment . Perhaps the most problematic issue for the Latino community is their fear of being highly stigmatized for accessing mental health services , experts say . Among Hispanics with a mental disorder , fewer than 1 in 11 contact a mental health specialist , while fewer than 1 in 5 contact a general health care provider , according to the American Psychiatric Association 's Office of Minority and National Affairs . Even fewer Hispanic immigrants seek out these services . Stigma haunts mentally ill Latinos If a mental health issue is even acknowledged , Latinos tend to rely on their extended , family , community , traditional healers and/or churches for help during a health crisis , according to the APA . As a result , Hispanics often mistake depression for nervousness , tiredness or a physical ailment , and see the issue as temporary . There are also a lack of culturally relevant services that cater to this population . "  What makes it worse is having very few Latino leaders in the mental health workforce , " said Henry Acosta , former executive director of the National Resource Center for Hispanic Mental Health . Less than 25 % of mental health professionals are minorities , according to the American Psychological Association . "  Most are n't bilingual and management has n't enforced culturally relevant strategies . " Acosta knows from personal experience how trying the mental health care system can be for Latinos . After witnessing a friend being fatally shot following an altercation with a police officer in his New Jersey hometown , Acosta said he knew he would never be the same . But what he did n't expect was the severe depression that followed and -- what seemed worse -- being called "  crazy " by his high school peers . "  When I was 16 years old , I tried to commit suicide , " said Acosta , now 44 . "  Latinos always hear how they have to be self-reliant when they have problems or even turn to prayer . But if you have a chemical imbalance , prayer wo n't help you . " Even though the teasing in high school was bad , one of his worst memories is translating for his parents at the psychiatric ward because they only knew Spanish . "  I wish the hospital had translators or even someone who understood us culturally , " Acosta said . Eventually , Acosta overcame his mental illness , got into college , majored in psychology and became a social worker . He 's since made it his mission to change Latinos ' apprehensive perspective on mental health issues and better the health care system in hopes others wo n't have to go through what he did . "  The situation for Hispanics in this country will only get worse unless the system changes , " Acosta said . According to the National Resource Center for Hispanic Mental Health , Hispanics are a high-risk group for depression , substance abuse and anxiety . About 1 in every 7 Latinos has attempted suicide . Hispanic adults and youth are also dealing with unique stressors like immigration and acculturation , according to the AMA -- which the organization said is even more of a reason to provide services that cater to this population . "  Latinos are overrepresented in service industry and those took a big hit with the recession , " Acosta said . " ` Hard to make ends meet ' is definitely a different kind of stressor . " Many older Latinos find the strain of acculturation overwhelming . Their traditional values and beliefs are often at odds with the new culture , or they may lack family support and face language barriers . Hispanic youth have also been found to be at risk for higher levels of emotional distress because of the pressures to rapidly adopt the values of their new culture while they suffer from inequality , poverty and discrimination . According to the AMA , Hispanic youth suffer from many of the same emotional problems created by marginalization and discrimination , but without the secure identity and traditional values held by their parents . "  While working at a clinic in New York , I was seeing a Puerto Rican family who became increasingly concerned  about their  21-year-old son , " said Luis H. Zayas , dean of the school of social work at the University of Texas . "  They said he was having trouble with nervios  nerves  . " The young man was eventually diagnosed with schizophrenia . "  We were able to explain to the family the severity of the situation . It was a matter of helping them understand that their son 's schizophrenia was a mental illness of the brain -- not be critical , avoid pejorative judgment and assure them that they did n't fail as parents . " After several months , Zayas said , the family refrained from using labels and changed their perspective on mental illness . He said part of the problem is how the mental health and primary care systems are separated , and how they are presented to Latinos . "  I worked with undocumented immigrants who would ask for ` consejo '  advice  knowing they were asking for mental health services , " Zayas said . "  We could reduce the stigma significantly . ... It 's how we present it to them . It helps to have integrated mental health services into the primary care setting . We should  be  bringing the services to them rather than bringing the people to the services . " In the last decade , the Latino population -- now at 53 million -- has grown by nearly 40 % , and is expected to make up close to one-third of the nation 's inhabitants by the year 2050 . Tackling the mental health disparity now could prevent serious future health issues , experts say . Obamacare will help fund new clinics and community centers in highly Hispanic-populated cities around the country , which would allow them to seek mental health care at little or no cost . "  Change wo n't happen overnight , but I think the key is educating the current population and , even more , motivating the Latino youth interested in the health sector , " Acosta said . "  After having gone through my own mental health issues , I can tell you that just knowing you are n't alone is so important , " Acosta said . "  Most times we have our own answers , but if I had someone who understood where I came from it would have made an even bigger difference . "	Obamacare will give 6 million currently uninsured Latinos access to mental health care Latinos are less likely than non-Hispanic whites to seek out professional help Disparity could be linked to lack of Hispanic mental health professionals Stigma in Hispanic community around mental illness is also a problem , experts say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was sentenced Tuesday to six years in prison for taking bribes while mayor of Jerusalem . Olmert was also fined 1 million shekels  about $ 289,000  , Israeli state radio IB reported . Olmert was convicted in March of receiving about $ 161,000 in bribes related to a controversial Jerusalem housing project called Holyland . The judge acquitted Olmert on a third count of bribery . The developer of Holyland , Hillel Cherney , had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other high-level officials in exchange for Holyland approvals . Olmert was mayor of Jerusalem from 1993 to 2003 . Olmert , an attorney who in 1973 became the youngest person ever elected to Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , served as prime minister from 2006 to 2009 . He announced his resignation shortly after police recommended corruption charges against him . In August 2012 , he was convicted of breach of trust and acquitted on two corruption-related charges after a trial that lasted nearly three years . He was given a 3-month suspended jail sentenced and fined about $ 19,000 in that case . The allegations stemmed from Olmert 's time as mayor as well as prime minister . Prosecutors accused him of double-billing government agencies for travel , taking cash from an American businessman in exchange for official favors and acting on behalf of his former law partner 's clients .	A judge says Ehud Olmert took bribes from a developer while he was mayor of Jerusalem The developer had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other officials
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean officials confirmed seven additional cases of foot-and-mouth disease Sunday despite nationwide quarantine efforts , the Yonhap News Agency reported . Dairy , beef and pig farms were among the locations where investigators detected the disease Sunday . The government ordered the slaughter of more than 120 animals at those farms to stop the outbreak 's spread , according to Yonhap . Foot-and-mouth disease is a highly communicable disease that affects cattle , swine , sheep , goats , deer and other animals , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . It is characterized by a fever and blister-like lesions and erosions on the animal . Investigators detected the latest outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the country on November 28 on a pig farm in the southern city of Andong . The disease has since spread to areas around Seoul in the northern part of the country . More than 662,647 livestock have been ordered culled -- or slaughtered -- so far across the country , Yonhap said , and at least 81 cases have been confirmed . The toll of affected livestock is at the country 's highest level since 2002 , when 160,000 were slaughtered , the Ministry for Food , Agriculture and Fisheries confirmed . Livestock markets have been closed across the country while the government oversees animal vaccinations . The ministers of public administration and agriculture issued a statement last week saying it was safe to continue eating meat , noting that foot-and-mouth disease does not spread to humans . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Dairy , beef and pig farms are among the locations of new cases NEW : Yonhap : The government orders the slaughter of more than 120 animals at those farms The news agency reports at least 81 confirmed cases of the disease The latest outbreak began on a pig farm in November
CNN  -- Turks have picked prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be the country 's first directly elected president . Erdogan secured 52 % of the votes in the first round of the presidential election , narrowly avoiding a runoff , according to Turkish election board . Turkey is a parliamentary democracy and the prime minister is the head of its government . The president 's role is more formal , and represents the country as the head of the state -- similar to the Queen in the UK . But Erdogan has already indicated he would like to see more powers being transferred to the presidential palace , speaking about a "  new era " in his victory speech . "  With the president elected directly by the citizens , all barriers between the people and the presidential palace have been removed , " he was reported as saying in his speech by the Turkish media . Here is what you need to know about the historic election . Why does Erdogan want to be president if he is more powerful as prime minister ? The former mayor of Istanbul and the leader and co-founder of the Justice and Development Party  AKP  came to power in 2003 and has been serving his third term as prime minister . While the constitution would have allowed Erdogan to run again when his term finishes next year , his own party rules prohibited him from seeking fourth term . His transition to presidency was seen as a logical step for a politician who wanted to maintain political power . Karabekir Akkoyunlu , researcher at the London School of Economics , said the country 's constitution -- drawn up by the military junta in 1982 -- gave the head of state significant authority . Erdogan , Akkoyunlu said , would likely push those to the limit by " invoking the ` national will ' he claims to embody . " What issues will he face next ? The Kurdish peace process is one of the most pressing issues of the coming months . Turkey passed a law in July establishing a legal framework for peace talks with the Kurdish militants to end three decades of insurgency . "  The Kurdish peace process is also linked with regional dynamics and the rise of the Islamic State , which is now threatening the Kurds in northern Iraq and Syria , " Akkoyunlu said . Erdogan will also have to work with the government in trying to tackle Turkey 's economic troubles . The IMF and OECD have both warned Turkey 's economy remains vulnerable to dangers outside its borders . High inflation , low employment and the country 's chronic inequality are putting it at risk . Who else was running ? The main opposition parties , the Republican People 's Party  CHP  and the Nationalist Movement Party  MHP  had nominated Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu as their joint candidate . The former secretary general of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation  OIC  was campaigning on the idea of national unity and secured 38 % of the vote . Selahattin Demirtas , a left-wing politician popular with Turkey 's Kurdish minority , ran for the Peoples ' Democratic Party  HDP  and finished third with 10 % . Around 25 % of people in Turkey identify themselves as Kurdish . Why does this matter ? Turkey 's geographical position and cultural make-up has contributed to the country being seen as a powerful bridge between Asia and Europe . Its membership of NATO and candidacy to join the European Union reflect its importance . The country 's $ 800 billion economy is among the 20 biggest in the world and attracts $ 200 billion in foreign direct investment every year . Turkey also plays a key role in the Middle East , bordering Syria , Iraq and Iran . Read more : How Turkey turned into economic mess Opinion : Turkey 's Teflon politician targets top post John Defterios : Erdogan looks to secure his place in history	Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan has won the country 's first direct presidential election The president 's role is more formal , he represents the country as the head of the state But Erdogan has already indicated he will seek more powers as the president
CNN  -- Former Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali will be tried in absentia next week , the country 's interim prime minister said Tuesday . Ben Ali 's trial will start on Monday , interim Prime Minister Beji Caid Essebsi told Al Jazeera television . "  He will be tried in a military and in a civilian court , " Essebsi told the television network . Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia earlier this year after a revolt led to his ouster and triggered a wave of protests against longtime rulers across North Africa and the Middle East . Protests against Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- began to erupt late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . The former strongman 's political party has since been dissolved by a court order . Parliamentary elections have been scheduled for July . At least 300 people were killed and 700 injured during the Tunisian uprising , a top U.N. human rights expert said last month . Earlier this month , Ben Ali said he has been unfairly portrayed and discredited by political opponents seeking to make a break with their country 's past . In a written statement released by his lawyer , Jean-Yves Le Borgne , Ben Ali said it was time to break his silence because he is "  tired of being made a scapegoat " and is a victim of "  injustice . " Ben Ali said that recent searches conducted of his official and personal offices were "  merely stage dressing " meant to discredit him . The former leader denied allegations that he has improper bank accounts or property holdings outside of Tunisia . He called various charges against him "  nothing but a masquerade with the only purpose of illustrating a symbolic break with the past . " Ben Ali argued , contrary to the assertions of his opponents , that he has always worked for what he thought "  was the good of the Tunisian people , improving living standards and progressing on the path to modernity . "	Former Tunisian leader Zine el Abidine Ben Ali says he is being unfairly discredited Ben Ali , who was deposed earlier this year , denies a variety of charges against him Tunisia 's revolt triggered a wave of protests across North Africa and the Middle East
We can assume that when Richard III was interred by the monks in the church of the Greyfriars , possibly with a few of Henry Tudor 's henchmen present to see that it was done , it would not have been the burial a king of England could have expected . The confirmation that the remains found in Leicester are those of King Richard means that , at last , this can be put right and he can be laid to rest with the solemnity and dignity that is appropriate for an anointed king . Even more significantly , the finding and reinterment of Richard III 's remains will , we hope , open up the debate about the king and his reputation . It would make such a difference if people would start to look into the history of this much maligned monarch without the old prejudices . Perhaps , then , they will see past the myth and innuendo that has blackened his name and find the truth . No one is going to suggest that he was a saint - I have said on many occasions that we are not the Richard III Adoration Society - but even a cursory reading of the known facts will show that the Tudor representation of Richard III , especially that in Shakespeare 's well known play , just does n't stand up . Read more : Richard III 's story "  stuff of legend " Shakespeare wrote a great play but even he must have been aware that he was twisting the facts in order to make it more dramatic . After all , he called it a "  tragedy " not a "  history . " His Richard III is a villain and a superb villain at that , but Shakespeare was not writing history , no matter what the Duke of Marlborough might have thought . There are many instances where the portrayal just does not fit the historical record . For instance , in one of his three plays about Henry VI , Shakespeare has Richard of Gloucester , later Richard III , killing the Duke of Somerset at the first battle of St Albans . At the time of that fight , Richard Plantagenet was n't Duke of Gloucester and , more cogently , he was n't yet three years old ! The Richard III Society was founded as the Fellowship of the White Boar almost 90 years ago . It was re-founded in 1956 and changed its name three years later , as a result of which , it took on a more missionary approach to its aims of securing a reassessment of the material relating to the life and times of this king . This was not new , of course , as reassessment had begun in the 17th century after the death of the last Tudor monarch and it has continued ever since . Over the centuries , the approach to Richard III 's reputation has swung like a pendulum . If , as a result of the finding of Richard III and all the publicity it has engendered , people can be encouraged to read the facts for themselves , it will be a truly great event and all who have been involved in the project are to be congratulated . I have followed its progress from an early stage when Philippa Langley , a member of the Richard III Society whose idea it was , first came to me to ask if she thought it was viable and would the society be willing to back it . I have tried to encourage her at times when doors were being shut and when there were setbacks and together we appealed for money when there was a shortfall . It is a great testament to Philippa 's tenacity and bloody-mindedness that the project has been so successful . Read more : Richard III : The king and the car park ? Richard III was no saint but neither was he a criminal . All but one of the so-called crimes laid at his door can be refuted by the facts . The one that can not is the disappearance of his nephews , the "  Princes in the Tower " and the answer to that question is simply that no-one knows what happened to them . All that follows is conjecture - they just disappeared . Richard had no need to kill them ; they had been declared bastards . Henry VII needed them out of the way , but he got so scared whenever a pretender appeared that it is likely that he knew they were alive at the time Richard died at Bosworth . Did they die in 1483 or 1485 or were they spirited out of the country to their aunt , the Dowager Duchess of Burgundy ? We will probably never know . To return to the question of what will the finding of Richard III 's remains mean ? Let us hope it means more clear thinking , a wider debate , greater seeking of the truth and above all , may it set the record straight for Good King Richard !	Remains of a man matching Richard III 's description were found in England last August Scientists say DNA tests show "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the bones are the monarch 's Supporters of Richard III hope the finding of his remains will open up debate about the king Dr. Phil Stone writes that the Tudor representation of Richard III "  just does n't stand up "
CNN  -- Latvia 's president has described the deadly collapse of a supermarket roof in Riga as "  basically mass murder " of defenseless citizens , local media reports . At least 53 people died in Thursday 's collapse at the Maxima supermarket , in the west of Latvia 's capital , national news agency LETA said Saturday . It said rescue workers are continuing their hunt for survivors and still have about 150 squre meters to search . President Andris Berzins had told Latvian television that "  nature could not be blamed " for the collapse and that those involved needed to think about what they had done , so that action could be taken . "  This incident is basically the mass murder of a large number of defenseless civilians . We must act accordingly , " Berzins said . Berzins urged for a team of independent experts from abroad to be assembled to investigate the collapse . Latvia has declared three days mourning -- Saturday to Monday -- for victims of the collapse . Russian state news agency RIA Novosti reported that two Russian citizens -- a man and a woman -- were among those killed . It said a second collapse had occurred after rescue workers arrived and a third took place Saturday , but that no rescuers were injured in the latest collapse . LETA earlier quoted a State Fire and Rescue Service spokesman as saying rescuers had begun searching the "  least stable " area of the site Saturday . "  The area is very dangerous and unstable , and the decision has been made to search the area with less men , so to prevent anymore collapses , " the news agency said . Three firefighters are among the dead . Latvia 's Interior Ministry said their families would receive 50,000 LVL  $ 95,600  in compensation . Treatment for rescue workers injured in the operation would also be paid for , it said . In an interview with CNN Friday , Rescue Service spokeswoman Viktorija Sembele declined to speculate on the cause of the collapse . "  There are a lot of versions , a lot of stories . The real cause of this tragic accident will be investigated by state police and other authorities once the rescue is finished , " she said . However , Riga Mayor Nils Usakovs earlier told CNN that authorities think building materials stored on the roof caused it to collapse . The supermarket collapse is the Baltic state 's deadliest accident since it won independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , LETA said . Latvia 's previous most deadly accident was a nursing home fire that killed 26 people in 2007 . Deadly South Africa building collapse investigated	NEW : The death toll from a supermarket roof collapse in Latvia Thursday has risen to 53 NEW : Latvia 's president has described the collapse as "  basically mass murder " of defenseless citizens President Andris Berzins has called for foreign independent experts to investigate Russia 's state media is reporting that two of its citizens are among those killed in Riga
Mental Floss  -- Some companies find their niche and stick to it . Others , though , have to adapt to changing markets in order to thrive . Here 's a look at some companies that switched industries at some point in their histories , usually for the better . Tiffany 's may know how to prettily wrap jewelry because the company began in the paper business . 1 . Avon David H. McConnell started Avon in 1886 without really meaning to . McConnell sold books door-to-door , but to lure in female customers he offered little gifts of perfume . Before long , the perfume McConnell was giving away had become more popular than the books he was selling , so he shifted focus and founded the California Perfume Company , which later became Avon . 2 . Nokia The telecom giant got its start in Finland in 1865 , when Fredrik Idestam opened a pulp mill and started making paper on the banks of Tammerkoski . The company later bounced around a number of industries before getting serious about phones in the 1960s . 3 . 3M When the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company 's founders opened their business in Two Harbors , Minnesota , in 1902 , they were n't selling Post-It Notes . The partners originally planned to sell the mineral corundum , an important ingredient in building grinding wheels , directly to manufacturers . 4 . Berkshire Hathaway The sprawling holding company helmed by Warren Buffett was originally a textile manufacturer that took off in 1839 . Buffett took control in 1962 , though , and by 1967 he started to move outside of textiles into insurance and other sectors . Mental Floss : Ginsu Knives , Dairy Queen and what else Warren Buffett owns 5 . Wrigley Like Avon , the chewing gum company got its start with a popular freebie . William Wrigley , Jr. founded the company in 1891 with the goal of selling soap and baking powder . He offered chewing gum as an enticement to his customers , and eventually the customers did n't care about the baking powder ; they only wanted the gum . 6 . Tiffany & Co. . The jewelry and silverware hot bed was originally a stationer called Tiffany , Young , and Ellis when it started in 1837 . In 1853 Tiffany switched its core business and began focusing on jewelry . 7 . Coleco The defunct electronics corporation actually began as a leather goods company in Connecticut in 1932 . In the early days it was known as the Connecticut Leather Company , which was later shortened to "  Coleco . " 8 . Hasbro The company behind Transformers and G.I. Joes began in 1923 as Hassenfeld Brothers . The titular brothers did n't make toys , though ; they sold textile remnants . Their business gradually shifted into school supplies before making the leap to toys after the 1952 introduction of Mr. Potato Head . Mental Floss : How 10 classic toys were invented 9 . Raytheon The defense contractor started up in 1922 as the American Appliance Company , which worked on refrigeration technology . Eventually the company branched out into other areas of electronics and became Raytheon in 1925 . 10 . Colgate The hygienic products company got its start in 1806 , but it did n't make its first toothpaste until 1873 . Founder William Colgate initially manufactured soap , candles , and starch . 11 . Xerox When Xerox got off the ground in 1906 , it was as a maker of photographic paper and photography equipment called the Haloid Company . The company did n't introduce what we would think of as a copier until the Xerox 914 made its debut in 1959 . 12 . John Deere The man behind the giant fleet of green tractors got his start as a blacksmith in Grand Detour , Illinois . After struggling to make plows that could cut through the area 's tough clay , Deere hit on the idea of building plows out of cast steel , and his blacksmith gig gave way to a booming farm-supply business . 13 . Reading Entertainment Remember the Reading Railroad from the last time you played Monopoly ? The company still  sort of  exists ! The Reading Company got out of the railroad business in 1976 but was reborn as Reading Entertainment , which operates movie theaters mainly in Australia , New Zealand , and the U.S. Mental Floss : 11 things Wal-Mart has banned 14 . Abercrombie & Fitch When David Abercrombie founded the clothing store in 1892 in New York City , he was n't dreaming of clothing high school and college students everywhere . The store was originally a sporting goods shop and outfitter ; Abercrombie even outfitted Charles Lindbergh for his famous flight across the Atlantic . The version Abercrombie & Fitch you see in your local mall started to come about after Limited Brands bought the company in 1988 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	14 famous companies switched industries or at least products Wrigley 's first bubbles came from soap , but gave gum away to customers Telecom giant Nokia began with a pulp plant to make paper Hasbro started with textiles , moved into school supplies then into toys
U.S. fighter jets intercepted Russian bombers off Alaska and California this month , the latest incidents in a string of recent aerial encounters over the Pacific . On June 4 , according to U.S. defense officials , four long-range Russian Tu-95 Bear-H bombers , accompanied by an aerial refueling tanker , flew into the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone , an area extending 200 miles from the North American coast , off Alaska , where they were intercepted by U.S. F-22 fighter jets . Two of the Russian bombers peeled off and headed west , while the other two flew south and were identified by U.S. F-15 fighters within 50 miles of the California coast . Capt. Jeff Davis , a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command , said it was the first time U.S. jets had intercepted Russian military aircraft off California since July 4 , 2012 . Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said it is believed the Russian planes were on a training mission . Davis said the Russian planes were entirely within their rights during the flight . "  They followed all the protocols , and it was a very professional encounter on both sides , " he said . "  There was nothing that they were doing that was contrary to international law . " The Russian planes never entered U.S. territory proper , which by international law extends 13.8 miles  22.2 kilometers  from the U.S. coast . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , any aircraft entering the Air Defense Identification Zone , which extends 200 miles from the coasts of the United States and Canada , must file a flight plan indicating their intentions , must maintain radio contact with air controllers and must have an operational radar transponder . Davis said Russian flights into the air defense zone are intercepted about 10 times a year . But earlier this year , a top U.S. Air Force general said Russia was stepping up its military activities in the Asia-Pacific region as tensions increased over the Ukraine and Russia 's move into Crimea . Gen. Herbert "  Hawk " Carlisle , in a presentation to the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , talked up the increased Russian activity . "  They 've come with their long-range aviation off the coast of California ; they circumnavigated Guam , " Carlisle said , showing a picture of a U.S. F-15 fighter "  intercepting " a Russian bomber off the Pacific island . Guam is home to Andersen Air Force Base , which has been used by the U.S. military for flights of B-2 and B-52 bombers across the Pacific . Flights around Japan and the Korean Peninsula have also "  increased drastically , " as has naval activity in that area , Carlisle said . The confrontations are n't just near U.S. airspace . In April , a U.S. Air Force surveillance plane was buzzed by a Russian jet fighter while flying over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan , U.S. military officials said . Describing the fly-by as "  straight out of a movie , " one U.S. official said a Russian Su-27 fighter jet flew within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U jet . The Russian aircraft turned and "  showed its belly " to the U.S. crew so they could see it was armed with missiles , a U.S official said . Also in April , U.S. defense officials say , a Russian fighter jet made a dozen low-altitude passes over the USS Donald Cook , a U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer that was operating in the Black Sea . On April 28 , a Russian Defense Ministry statement said Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu and U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel had discussed both incidents during a phone call that day . In response , the statement said , Shoygu "  offered to instruct the commanders in chief of the armed forces of both countries to discuss possible additional measures to address the interests of both countries to prevent future misperceptions of actions . " On the other side of the world , F-16 fighter jets from the Netherlands intercepted two Russian bombers in April . The Russian planes , which had come about a half-mile into Dutch airspace , were escorted out and then monitored by British planes as they flew north of Scotland . In a high-profile training mission of its own , the U.S. Air Force this week sent two of its top-of-the-line B-2 stealth bombers to an air base in Britain to conduct training operations . Three B-52 bombers were also sent from the U.S. on a two-week deployment to England , also for training purposes , according to an Air Force news release . U.S. sends B-2 stealth bombers to Europe Declassified report : Two nuclear bombs nearly detonated in North Carolina Ukrainian official : Russian tanks have entered the country	U.S. F-22s , F-15s intercept Russian bombers Russian planes were last intercepted off California in 2012 The Russian planes did not come inside U.S. territorial airspace The incident is the latest in a string of U.S.-Russian encounters
London , England  CNN  -- A young boy sits in his bedroom staring up at the poster of Bruce Lee hanging on the wall . Like most kids in Kafanchan , a small town in the heart of Nigeria , he is a big fan of the martial arts supremo , frequenting the local cinema which almost exclusively shows Hong Kong karate movies or Bollywood films . Other times the young boy immerses himself in a world of literature reading work from acclaimed writers like Chinua Achebe , Wole Soyinka and Charles Dickens . And while outwardly he may still appear to be a child , the die has been cast . "  I knew I wanted to be a writer from when I was six , " Biyi Bandele tells CNN . "  My dad took me to the local library , I was five or six and I just fell in love with the books . " Some three decades later and Bandele has become a celebrated novelist and playwright who most recently moved behind the camera to try his hand at directing . A task he seems well suited for after receiving critical acclaim for his directorial feature film debut , "  Half of a Yellow Sun , " based on Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 's much-loved novel of the same name and starring Hollywood stars Chiwetel Ejiofor and Thandie Newton . "  What really particularly attracted me to ` Half of a Yellow Sun ' was that ... there were these characters -- middle , upper-middle-class characters , educated characters , Nigerian characters -- who I suppose had been seen in quite a few novels set in Africa , written by Africans , but they had never been seen in any movie set in Africa , " says Bandele . "  I felt it was a great opportunity to bring these people to the big screen , " he adds . "  I was really fed up of going to the cinema and watching a movie about Africa and all you saw were them as victims without any say over their own destiny , " explains Bandele . "  They just seemed to live this passive existence but that was redeemed only by gifts from NGOs . "  I felt like I could do a better job than -LSB- others -RSB- had and so I decided that I had to take the plunge and direct . " From writer to director Talented and ambitious , Bandele left Nigeria at 22 after studying drama at Obafemi Awolowo University with two novels he 'd written in his luggage . "  I actually came -LSB- to London -RSB- because I 'd been invited to a theater festival ... within weeks , I had a publisher , not just in the UK but in Italy and in France and in Germany , " he recalls . "  Then I got offered a job to be the literary editor of a weekly Nigerian newspaper in London so I had actually come with absolutely no intention of staying . " Shortly after his arrival to the UK , his work was published and he received his first commission from the Royal Court Theatre where he was catapulted into arts . Just three years later -- his career flourishing in playhouses up and down the country -- Bandele wrote a screenplay which was picked up by the BBC , who attached a young up and coming director to it . His name was Danny Boyle . "  Working with Danny was a game changer , " recalls Bandele . "  I was n't that interested at the time in actually directing anything but I watched Danny ... it was a joy working with him , " he adds . "  I then started directing theater because I think , subconsciously , I was preparing to get into film ... I kept thinking I can do this , I can do this better . " Behind the camera It was Bandele 's empathy for storytelling -- a trait he has held all his life -- that spurred him to take "  Half of a Yellow Sun " and begin a six-year production process from adaptation to the big screen . Upon completion of his debut film , Bandele was approached by MTV 's Staying Alive Foundation to direct "  Shuga , " a popular TV series aimed at educating viewers on HIV/AIDS . Set in Lagos , the eight-part series follows a group of young people trying to live normal lives as HIV/AIDS becomes more prevalent in their world . Bandele says this was a project he simply could n't say no to . "  Nigeria has , depending on which authorities you listen to , between 3.4 million and 4.3 million people suffering from HIV/AIDS , " says the director . "  But when you go to Nigeria and talk to anyone about this epidemic , people will tell you , ` We do n't have a problem ' -- there 's a culture of complete denial and I felt it was important for us to do the series to get people talking , " he adds . "  We also knew from the TV-watching habits of Nigerians , the likelihood was that this 15-year-old kid was watching it and so was their parent and probably their grandparents ... you 'd have several generations actually having this conversation and that 's exactly what happened . " For Bandele , this is what it all comes down to -- telling stories that matter whether it is on stage or screen . "  I like telling stories but if telling stories actually has a positive effect on how people live their lives , the better . " READ THIS : How Mariah Carey transformed this woman 's life READ THIS : ` Come back to Africa ! ' says tech innovator	Biyi Bandele is a celebrated Nigerian playwright-turned-filmmaker Recently directed Oscar nominated Chiwetel Ejiofor in "  Half of a Yellow Sun " He sits down with CNN to discuss his remarkable journey from Nigeria to the UK
CNN  -- The latest constitutional amendment being floated by some Senate Republicans -- to deny citizenship to children born in the United States to unauthorized immigrants -- is not new . Calls for modification of the 14th Amendment 's birthright citizenship guarantee have appeared during other moments of immigration-related hand-wringing . The question is whether the idea is a good one . And the reform is not unthinkable from a democratic point of view . In fact , the United States and Canada stand apart from other major immigrant-receiving societies in the breadth of birthright rules . The United Kingdom amended its laws in 1981 to provide that only children born to citizens , or permanent residents born in the U.K. , are citizens at birth . In 2004 , voters in Ireland amended their constitution along similar lines , in part for reasons familiar to the American audience : fear that birthright citizenship attracted asylum claimants who could use their children as anchors . The French rule allows children born to foreign parents to become citizens at the age of majority  when the state no longer considers a person a minor  , rather than at birth . But if ever there were a case for maintaining American exceptionalism , the 14th Amendment is it . Rejection of universal birthright citizenship would upend practices vital to the success of the American venture . The proposed amendment 's implicit premise , that children of parents who have broken the law do not deserve U.S. citizenship , contradicts a basic American value : the sins of the parents should not be visited upon the children . Justice Robert Jackson put it succinctly in dissent from the Korematsu decision  1944  , which found Japanese internment policies during World War II constitutional : "  If any fundamental assumption underlies our system , it is that guilt is personal and not inheritable . " Justice Harry Blackmun reasoned similarly in Plyler v. Doe  1982  when striking down a Texas law that would have denied unauthorized children access to public schools . Frustration with illegal immigration , he wrote , ought not lead to unequal treatment of children who had no hand in creating their "  illegality . " U.S. courts and most legal scholars have consistently interpreted the Citizenship Clause to apply universally , save to the children of diplomats , invading armies and Native Americans  though the Supreme Court has never directly addressed the status of children born to unauthorized immigrants  . The clause thus operates as a constitutional reset button . Each generation born in the U.S. stands on its own , with equal citizenship status , regardless of parentage . Given our history as a society of immigrants , this rule has been crucial to our development into a cohesive political community and to our ability to integrate each new immigrant cohort . It ensures that those who are born and raised in the United States have an equal opportunity to participate and contribute and are regarded by others as full Americans . Not all children born in the U.S. remain , and perhaps those Senate Republicans envision deporting all unauthorized immigrants and their children . But clear-eyed pragmatism tells us that most children born here also go to school , become socialized and enter adulthood here , making them functionally American . Unless we are prepared to tolerate the emergence of castes based on parentage , universal birthright citizenship and a robust naturalization regime should remain in place . The goals of the proposed amendment are not strictly punitive , though its effects inevitably would be . Its supporters argue it would reduce incentives for illegal immigration . But this argument is not serious . The obstacles to passage are nearly insurmountable , and this particular amendment has never come close to succeeding . More important , changing the birthright rule would have little to no effect on illegal immigration . No doubt stories exist of Mexicans crossing the border just to give birth or of tourists arranging vacations to produce U.S.-citizen children . But the actual causes of illegal immigration are complex and overwhelmingly related to the absence of job opportunities in Mexico and the demand for immigrant labor in the U.S. Precisely because illegal immigration is difficult to prevent , lawmakers substitute symbolic posturing for genuine policymaking . Though the 14th Amendment is likely safe , it is instructive whenever politicians propose manipulating it to remember its historical role . The reset principle can also inform debates over other issues , such as the DREAM Act , which would legalize high school graduates who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children . Even the debate over whether to legalize existing unauthorized immigrants , which is more complex because of their culpability , would benefit from an appreciation of how second chances can advance equality and integration . The conventional interpretation of the 14th Amendment reminds us that we take our aspirations to equality seriously . We are willing to risk certain costs , such as opportunistic immigration and the creation of citizens who may never develop ties to the U.S. , to ensure political equality . For the United States to stand alone on this principle does nothing less than reaffirm traditions that have helped turned a collection of people from all over the world into an integrated and powerful success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cristina Rodriguez .	14th Amendment guarantees U.S. citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil Cristina Rodriguez says that 's been crucial for cohesive , casteless U.S. society She argues modifying Constitution would not reverse tide of illegal immigration
The rise in antibiotic-resistant bacteria could lead to a future full of untreatable infections , experts have warned us for years . Now the Obama administration is stepping up its efforts to combat the rising problem of antibiotic resistance . The President signed an executive order Thursday establishing a new inter-agency task force charged with developing a national strategy to combat antibiotic-resistant bacteria . Dr. John Holdren , director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and assistant to the President , said the problem is a serious challenge to public health and national security . "  We are clearly in a fight against ... bacteria where no permanent treatment is possible . " When you need antibiotics -- and when you do n't The task force will be co-chaired by the secretaries of Health & Human Services , the Department of Defense and the Department of Agriculture . The task force must submit its national action plan to the President by February 15 , 2015 . The order also established a Presidential Advisory Council made up of nongovernmental experts who will provide advice and recommendations to strengthen surveillance of infections , research new treatments and develop alternatives to antibiotics for use in agriculture . On Thursday , the administration released "  National Strategy on Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria , " a five-year plan to prevent and contain outbreaks and develop the next generation of tests , antibiotics and vaccines . The President 's Council of Advisers on Science and Technology -- known as PCAST -- also released a report on combating antibiotic resistance . There are three main components to the report : improve surveillance of antibiotic-resistant bacteria and stop outbreaks ; increase the life of current antibiotics and develop new ones , as well as promote research accelerating clinical trials ; and increase economic incentives to develop new antibiotics . In fact , a $ 20 million prize will be given to spur development of tests health care professionals can use to identify highly resistant bacterial infections . "  What 's new here is there is a highly federal focus that 's highly coordinated , " said Dr. Eric Lander , co-chair of PCAST . "  We are endorsing a variety of specific goals in order to get our arms around this problem . If we 're producing antibiotics at a greater rate than we 're losing them , then we win in the long run . " Each year 23,000 deaths and 2 million illnesses are linked to antibiotic-resistant infections , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The agency estimates the impact to the economy is as high as $ 20 billion in direct health care costs . Last year , for the first time , the CDC classified drug-resistant superbugs by how dangerous they were . They were ranked "  urgent , " "  serious " and "  concerning " based on how many people get sick , the number of hospitalizations and how many deaths were attributed to them . "  If we can target our efforts more effectively , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said , "  we can help doctors use antibiotics more wisely . " Dr. Jesse Goodman , director of the Center on Medical Product Access , Safety and Stewardship at Georgetown University Medical Center , says antibiotic resistance is one of the most pressing global public health threats . Until earlier this year , Goodman was the Food and Drug Administration 's Chief Scientist . He co-chaired the first U.S. Task Force to Combat Antimicrobial Resistance , which released the first action plan in 2000 . He says investment in new treatments must be paired with the sensible use of new and existing antibiotics . "  Success will require a sea change . Doctors , farmers and agribusiness , health systems and the public all need to think totally differently about antibiotics , " Goodman said . "  They are precious resources and we must reduce their inappropriate use . Better diagnosis and stronger infection control practices can make a big difference right now . "	Obama administration steps up efforts to combat problem of antibiotic resistance Antibiotic-resistant bacteria is a serious challenge to public health and national security President establishes inter-agency task force and advisory council
CNN  -- Like the neighbors of a new kid who just moved into the big fancy house down the block , many Latin American leaders are curious about President Obama . Latin America expert Otto Reich says the summit is an "  opportunity , but also a risk for U.S. policy . " The heads of 34 nations will get a chance to see him up close next month at the Fifth Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago . What he says will be closely watched . "  The spotlight will be entirely on Barack Obama , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue . Hakim will be one of three people who will on Wednesday address the House Foreign Affairs Committee about the summit . Otto Reich , who served Presidents Reagan and both Bushes in a number of high-level Latin American posts , also will speak . Thomas F. "  Mack " McLarty , former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton , will be the third person . Reich has some advice for Obama : Be careful . "  The summit is an opportunity , but also a risk for U.S. policy , " Reich said . "  Not all the neighbors there are good . Why do we recognize this reality when we lock our doors at night but do n't recognize it in our foreign policy ? " Reich said the United States must differentiate between its friends , primarily Colombia and Mexico , which are under attack from drug traffickers and organized crime , and hostile countries , particularly Venezuela , Cuba , Bolivia , Ecuador and Nicaragua . Cuba , which was expelled from the Organization of American States , is not allowed to attend the summit . "  Obama ca n't look at this group of people and think he 's among a group of friends , " Reich said . "  Let 's not look at this as a community of 34 countries . They are very different people . " Hakim said Obama must ask Latin American leaders to share the burden . "  He should n't simply say what the United States is going to do , " Hakim said . "  He should say what he expects Latin America to do . " Hakim pointed out several areas Obama needs to address . First , he said , "  He must make clear he 's trying to fix the U.S. economy . " He said Obama also will have to deal with the one nation that wo n't be there -- Cuba . The United States broke diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1961 and imposed an economic embargo in 1962 . President Bush increased some restrictions in the past eight years . Obama has signaled that he 's ready to start relaxing some of the prohibitions . "  This is the issue of greatest symbolic importance , " Hakim said . "  It will be seen as a test of real U.S. readiness to change in the hemisphere . What he says about Cuba will make headlines . " But Reich warns that the United States should extract some conditions from Cuba before making any allowances . "  There 's a way it can be done to advance the conditions of the people in Cuba , " he said . "  I do n't approve of the unilateral way it 's being done . The embargo is a negotiating tool . We should not negotiate with ourselves , and that 's what we 're doing . " Hakim also said Obama must address "  the pandemic of criminal violence " destroying many parts of Latin America . U.S. aid is focused primarily on Mexico and Colombia . "  Is the United States going to go beyond Mexico and Colombia ? " he asked . "  Is the United States ready to rethink it 's drug strategy , which has done so little ? " A new approach to the drug war has received increased support and attention recently . The former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called last month for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs . Ex-presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil made their announcement at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented . The 17-member panel worked on the report for a year . Gaviria said the time is right to start a debate on the subject , particularly with the pragmatic openings provided by Obama 's election . The Fifth Summit of the Americas will be held in Port of Spain April 17-19 . The periodic meetings bring together the 34 democratically elected heads of state and governments in the Western Hemisphere to discuss regional issues . The first summit was held in Miami , Florida , in December 1994 . The most recent took place in Mar del Plata , Argentina , in November 2005 .	Obama goes to Fifth Summit of the Americas next month Three analysts are speaking to Congress this week about summit One says Obama should recognize he 's not surrounded by friends Another says he should address issue of Cuba , which will not be at summit
Washington  CNN  -- The North Korean government informed the State Department on Friday that it is holding a second American citizen who the North Koreans say entered the country from China , a State Department spokesman said . The American , who has not been identified , was detained Monday for trespassing on North Korea 's border with China , state-run Korea Central News Agency reported Thursday . The incident is under investigation , according to the agency 's report . Spokesman P.J. Crowley had said Thursday afternoon that the department had been unable to get information on the reported incident . North Korea announced December 29 that it was holding an American who had entered the country illegally from China on Christmas Eve . The news agency did not identify the man , who it said was "  now under investigation by a relevant organ . " At the time , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Washington was concerned by reports that a Korean-American missionary , Robert Park , had gone into North Korea , but could not confirm them . Washington and Pyongyang have no diplomatic relations . The United States relies on the Swedish Embassy to look after U.S. interests in North Korea . Crowley has said the United States continues to seek consular access to Park .	North Koreans say U.S. citizen entered the country from China North Koreans also still holding American they say entered illegally on Christmas Eve Neither person has been identified ; U.S. worried about missionary Robert Park
CNN  -- Say what you will about Facebook , but the social network is not too proud to copy . Facebook is reportedly considering co-opting the hashtags that first emerged on Twitter , following its previous aping of the Twitter model of following strangers and sharing content publicly . Facebook is testing the idea of supporting the use of hashtags in posts to the social network , according to reports in The Wall Street Journal and other publications . Facebook has declined to comment on the reports . Hashtags , unique and often cryptic terms preceded by a hash mark  " # "  , are specially tracked and aggregated on Twitter as they would presumably be on Facebook . Twitter shows which tags are trending , and clicking on a hashtag brings up other posts with the same tag . Facebook is surely interested in the additional vector they provide for advertisers . On Twitter , advertisers can pay to promote their own hashtags alongside Twitter 's list of most common hashtags . The aggregation pages showing posts associated with a hashtag is another natural point for advertising . On Facebook , advertisers could hypothetically "  promote " user posts that contain particular hashtags just as they now promote "  likes " of their business pages . Such promoted posts could get more prominent and longer-lasting placement on Facebook 's News Feed , where non-promoted items are sorted by relevance . Facebook 's apparent tinkering with hashtags is being framed in the tech press , all too predictably , as part of a war with Twitter . But the only battle that matters to Facebook in the end is the one for the attention of its own users for the dollars of its own advertisers . Hashtags will be a way to grow both . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Facebook is reportedly considering adding a Twitter-like hashtag The feature pulls together all posts that use that tag Doing so would create new real estate to offer to advertisers
CNN  -- European monarchs appear to be falling like dominoes . Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands set the ball rolling in April 2013 when she stepped down in favor of her son and heir Prince Willem-Alexander following a 33-year reign . In July 2013 , 79-year-old Albert II of Belgium gave up his throne citing advancing age and health issues , and now comes word that King Juan Carlos of Spain , 76 , has decided to abdicate after a reign that has spanned almost four decades . The popularity of the Spanish monarchy has nose-dived in recent years . Juan Carlos 's secret luxury trip to Botswana to hunt elephants at the height of his country 's financial crisis in 2012 did n't help ... especially given his role as honorary president of the World Wildlife Fund . Then there 's the ongoing investigation of his son-in-law , Inaki Urdangarin , who faces preliminary charges of embezzling millions of euros in public funds through his charity . Through his lawyer , Urdangarin has denied the charges , which could still be dropped . Add to that the king 's slew of health issues -- five operations over the course of two years -- and it seems rather a sensible decision to hand over to his son , Prince Felipe , 46 , who has seen his own popularity steadily increase . While Juan Carlos 's abdication comes as no surprise , it does beg the question : Will Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II follow suit ? She has after all put in an impressive tenure , 62 years to be precise  today marks the 61st anniversary of her coronation  . She 's currently enjoying a surge in popularity -- always better to go out on top -- and at 88 she has surely earned the right to put her feet up and bask in her twilight years . So will we see her throw in the towel next ? In a word , no . In 1947 , on the occasion of her 21st birthday , during a tour with her parents to Southern Africa , a then Princess Elizabeth made a pledge in a broadcast to the Commonwealth in which she said : "  I declare before you all that my whole life , whether it be long or short , shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong . " In a speech to both houses of parliament commemorating her Diamond Jubilee in 2012 , the queen rededicated herself to her country and its people , vowing to serve , " ... now and in the years to come . " The queen is a deeply religious woman , and in 1953 she took her oath before God . For her that means a lifetime of commitment . Due to her advancing age , Prince Charles has stepped in to represent his mother at several high profile engagements over the last year , most notably at the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Sri Lanka last November , but this by no means indicates that he 's planning a coup . Queen Elizabeth continues to fulfill a jam-packed royal schedule and will travel to France later this week to mark the D-Day commemorations alongside her "  strength and stay " Prince Philip who will celebrate his 93rd birthday next week . The Queen is for all intents and purposes the royal equivalent of the Energizer Bunny and the only way she will ever step aside is if she becomes incapacitated . Come September 2015 , Queen Elizabeth II will surpass Queen Victoria 's record as Britain 's longest reigning monarch , and if one was to think optimistically , should she live to the ripe old age of 108 , she would break former King Sobhuza II of Swaziland 's reign as the world 's longest serving monarch . While that is a record that stands to remain unbroken , you can rest assured that as long as she remains healthy , the queen is not going anywhere , and for that we should be immensely proud and grateful . I quit , says king who defied coup Juan Carlos : All you need to know Belgium 's King Albert II gives up throne to son The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria Arbiter .	King Juan Carlos has announced he is abdicating after almost four decades on Spain 's throne It follows the 2013 abdications of Belgium 's Albert II and the Netherlands ' Queen Beatrix Victoria Arbiter says Queen Elizabeth II swore on her 21st birthday to serve her whole life Britain 's Queen , Arbiter says , would only step down were she incapacitated
CNN  -- Erin Andrews , the ESPN reporter who was secretly videotaped nude in 2008 , has been receiving death threats , her attorney told CNN on Friday . Several threatening e-mails regarding Andrews have been sent to sportscaster Dan Patrick since last September , according to Marshall B. Grossman , Andrews ' attorney . "  Until very recently , -LSB- the e-mails -RSB- were of a sexual nature , but then turned violent " last month , Grossman said . He said the e-mails received in March "  are specific , they 're violent , they identify the location and method of intended murder . " Grossman said the existence of the threats were first revealed to Andrews on Thursday morning . The e-mails were provided to Andrews ' representatives by DirecTV , which carries the Dan Patrick Show . Patrick was formerly at ESPN . The FBI began work on the case on Thursday and believes it has identified the individual responsible for the threatening e-mails , Grossman said . Andrews is getting round-the-clock security , Grossman said . Grossman has also requested heightened security at Los Angeles ' CBS Television City , where Andrews is competing on the show , "  Dancing with the Stars . " In March , a federal judge sentenced an Illinois man to two and a half years in prison for taping Andrews in the nude . The taping took place through a hotel-room peephole , and the video was posted on the Internet . Michael David Barrett , 49 , pleaded guilty to a federal stalking charge in December after prosecutors accused him of altering hotel peepholes so he could shoot video of Andrews while unclothed . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Lawyer : ESPN 's Erin Andrews getting death threats FBI says it has identified person responsible for the threatening e-mails Illinois man sentenced for secretly taping Andrews nude , posting videos online
London  CNN  -- It 's the deal that 's been rumored since Stephen Elop joined Nokia from Microsoft three years ago , and now it 's become reality . Microsoft is to buy Nokia , and become a phone manufacturer ... for the second time . That 's right , Nokia is n't the first phone company to be bought by Microsoft . It bought Danger in 2008 , which it then used to launch the Microsoft Kin phone . That effort lasted around nine months before the whole adventure got canned and the world moved on . This time around promises to be different . Nokia , which was the number one seller of mobile phones globally in 2007 , had a tough few years before the stewardship of Elop slowly started to turn it around . Watch more : Microsoft to buy Nokia 's phone business The Lumia range , which now includes half-a-dozen handsets , is still a minnow in the smartphone world in terms of market share , but it is slowly gaining traction . More and more people are going Lumia . Since its rebirth , Nokia has over taken BlackBerry in around 34 markets , according to the company , and things are looking up following the success , in relative terms , of its latest batch of Lumia handsets . The race is far from won , but at least , unlike BlackBerry , it is heading in the right direction . The deal will likely benefit Microsoft in the same way creating and making smartphones has for Apple . The Cupertino-based company has for the past six years been able to make phones , market them , and sell them in its own stores . As retailers throughout the last century can show  Marks & Spencer , Sainsbury 's and Dixons in the UK ,  if you make and sell your own products , the margins can be higher , and the profits better . As the world 's austerity drive continues , every little bit helps , and Microsoft will be able to reap those rewards even more once it owns Nokia outright . So what next for both parties ? Well not much is likely to change in the short term , but Nokia will more than likely move into the tablet arena a lot quicker . Likewise , Microsoft 's Surface tablet is likely to be rebranded or ditched completely , in favor of something more Nokia-flavored . Microsoft will license the Nokia name for the next 10 years . Then there is the former Nokia CEO , Elop . Microsoft 's CEO Steve Ballmer has announced that he 'll be stepping down over the next year , and Elop will surely have his sights firmly set on replacing him . Elop stepped down as Nokia 's CEO on Monday to become the head of the company 's devices and services business . He will continue leading Nokia 's phones business as the devices chief at Microsoft . Whether you believe Nokia has done well or not , Elop has done a fantastic job at Nokia , and there 's very little stopping him . Being a Microsoft employee will only help his cause . Perhaps Steve Ballmer was n't such a bad CEO after all , especially considering that the $ 7.2 billion price tag for Nokia is less than the $ 8.5 billion it paid for Skype . This deal has just as much , if not more potential . But ultimately , by buying Nokia , Microsoft 's ambition to become a hardware company is well and truly realized . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Miles	Nokia had a tough few years before Elop slowly started to turn it around , says Stuart Miles Deal will benefit Microsoft the same way that making smartphones has for Apple , he says Not much will change in the short term , but Surface tablet "  likely to be rebranded or ditched " Microsoft 's ambition to become hardware company is well and truly realized , Miles says
Donna Summer defined the disco era . Her brazenly sexual hits "  Love To Love You Baby " and "  I Feel Love " horrified some and delighted many more when they came out . They also helped to propel disco into a national phenomenon . Even now , the sound of her voice -- controlled yet passionate -- summons up the hedonistic , willful spirit of the late 1970s . Summer died from cancer Thursday at 63 . Her passing offers an opportunity to reconsider her musical contributions and the legacy of disco . News : The legacy of America 's disco queen is lasting But she deserves more than nostalgic praise , because her records with producer Giorgio Moroder have had a lasting effect on pop music . Listen to Lady Gaga 's "  Born This Way , " for starters . Not only does the disco-inflected rhythm evoke Summer 's dance tunes , but as a gay-pride anthem , it recalls the roiling , joyful setting in which Donna Summer 's music first found its audience . Disco originated in the 1970s New York club scene , and it was Summer 's "  Love To Love You Baby " and then the Bee Gees ' "  Saturday Night Fever " that catapulted it onto the national stage . In "  Love To Love You Baby , " a strong-voiced woman gives herself over to pure pleasure . This feeling of abandon reflected the spirit of the emerging gay liberation movement . Overheard on CNN : Dim all the lights ; this ` last dance ' goes out to Donna Summer Back then , the music and its culture was huge . But to be honest , these days Donna Summer -- and the disco craze she embodied -- sometimes get a bum rap . Disco is a kind of guilty pleasure for people of a certain age , a slightly embarrassing hangover from the simultaneously wild and innocent days of their youth . But they -- we -- have nothing to be ashamed of , and neither does Donna Summer . Because underneath the flashy exterior and dated trappings of the best disco records lurks true heart and soul . And disco records do n't get better than the ones Donna Summer made with Moroder . Listen to a playlist of Donna Summer 's greatest hits "  Love To Love You Baby , " a Top 10 hit in 1976 , largely consists of vocal moans and sighs over an orchestrated rhythm track . "  At first it was startling , almost embarrassing -- even in this age of rampant pornography , " wrote critic Albert Goldman in 1978 . And Summer 's sexy album covers fed into the disco diva persona . But she was no moonlighting fashion model . Born in Boston , she had performed in European productions of "  Godspell " and "  Hair " before she met Moroder in Germany . Moroder crafted a sleek musical background for her creamy vocals , cushioned by strings , synthesizers and a fluid dance beat . When the tingling "  I Feel Love " hit the Top 10 in 1977 , her sound became almost purely electronic . Perhaps this is the moment when the machines began to take over the music business . In reality , Donna Summer never conformed to the stereotype of disco singer as producer 's plaything , despite Moroder 's commanding presence . She was ambitious , releasing concept albums such as "  A Love Trilogy " and "  Four Seasons of Love " and an epic disco-fied version of "  Macarthur Park , " by 1960s songwriter Jimmy Webb . And at the end of the 1970s , Summer came into her own . The double album "  Bad Girls " was her magnum opus . Even disco-hating rock fans were taken aback . "  Bad Girls " added soaring lead guitar lines and more varied songwriting to the mix . The singles "  Bad Girls " and "  Hot Stuff " took this disco-rock fusion to the top of the pop charts , while the slow-dance "  Dim All the Lights " revealed more of Donna Summer 's personality than her earlier hits . Later in the '70s , Summer became a born-again Christian and began to distance herself ever so slightly from her sexy image . In the 1980s , America moved on from disco , and so did Summer . She dabbled in Las Vegas schmaltz , made an ambitious album with Quincy Jones and came bouncing back with the assertive "  She Works Hard for the Money " at the dawn of the MTV era . She continued to record comeback albums well into the 1990s , but over the past decade or so , the new music came less frequently . She performed the occasional greatest hits tours after the disco craze had long since retreated . And her music gained hipster cachet , even fully divorced from the cultural flash of its time . Indeed , every synth-pop group from Depeche Mode on down owes Donna Summer a big thank you , if not a royalty check , for the influence and innovation of "  I Feel Love . " "  Generally I do n't think there is too much art involved in what I do , " said Moroder in 1978 at the peak of his career . "  But I do know that I achieved something specially different with ` Love To Love You Baby ' and ' I Feel Love . ' These songs will endure . "	Mark Coleman : Donna Summer , who died Thursday , defined the disco era of the '70s He says her music first found audience in NYC 's gay club scene , then gained national fame He says her "  Love to Love You Baby " was a racy , controversial and influential hit Coleman : She developed as artist over years , but her disco hits are biggest legacy
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court swore in Gambian lawyer Fatou Bensouda as its chief prosecutor Friday , the first woman to assume the top job at the world war crimes tribunal . She replaces Argentinian Luis Moreno-Ocampo , the inaugural prosecutor for the world court , whose nine-year term ends this month . Bensouda served as Moreno-Ocampo 's deputy at the court based in The Hague , Netherlands . Member nations that recognize the court 's jurisdiction voted for her unanimously during a December meeting at the United Nations . Her appointment comes amid fierce criticism against the court -- which has a heavy caseload of Africa investigations -- that it disburses justice selectively by focusing on the continent . The court currently has investigations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Central African Republic , Uganda , Kenya , Sudan , Ivory Coast and Libya . "  Bensouda is taking over an established office with an already sizable caseload , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  The office has opened investigations in seven countries and is conducting preliminary examinations to determine whether to open an investigation in at least seven other countries . " FIFA asks war crimes prosecutor to investigate corruption Critics have said the court targets Africa and bypasses opportunities to investigate abuses in various nations , including Afghanistan and Iraq . "  Her election is a positive move by the International Criminal Court , " said Ayo Johnson , director of Viewpoint Africa . "  The court needs an African in the role to justify why it is so heavily focused on African dictators . The court must be fair and should be seen as consistent in how it discharges justice , and not only focus on Africa . Prosecutor seeks new Congo war crimes warrants Bensouda has worked in various other positions , including as adviser to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , which is trying key figures in the 1994 genocide . She has also served as justice minister and attorney general in her native Gambia . Supporters of the court applauded her appointment and said the court provides justice to victims of nations where the legal system is not efficient . "  In Syria and other strife-torn countries over the past 10 years , the ICC has come to symbolize the last , best hope for justice , " said Richard Dicker , international justice director at Human Rights Watch . "  We look to Bensouda 's leadership to advance cases , build bridges with victims , and push countries to support its impartial application of the law to get the job done . " Bensouda , who will serve for nine years , was on this year 's Time magazine list of 100 Most Influential People in the World . Can world court survive African Union 's attack ?	She replaces Luis Moreno-Ocampo Member nations that recognize the court 's jurisdiction voted for her in December Her appointment comes amid criticism that the court disburses justice selectively by focusing on Africa
Global health experts on Friday declared the Ebola epidemic ravaging West Africa an international health emergency that requires a coordinated global approach . Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone are battling the Ebola virus , which has also spread to Nigeria . The virus has killed 961 people from the start of the outbreak this year through Wednesday , the World Health Organization said . "  The possible consequences of further international spread are particularly serious in view of the virulence of the virus , the intensive community and health facility transmission patterns , and the weak health systems in the currently affected and most at-risk countries , " WHO said Friday after two days of emergency meetings . The U.N. health agency described it as the worst outbreak in the four-decade history of tracking the disease . "  A coordinated international response is deemed essential to stop and reverse the international spread of Ebola , " WHO said . Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease Medical aid groups applauded the designation but said that it alone wo n't reduce fatalities . "  Declaring Ebola an international public health emergency shows how seriously WHO is taking the current outbreak , but statements wo n't save lives , " said Dr. Bart Janssens , director of operations for Doctors Without Borders , a humanitarian organization . "  Now we need this statement to translate into immediate action on the ground . For weeks , MSF has been repeating that a massive medical , epidemiological and public health response is desperately needed to save lives and reverse the course of the epidemic , " said Janssens , using the initials for his organization 's French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres . "  Lives are being lost because the response is too slow . " The agency said it has nearly 700 staff responding to the crisis in the affected countries . "  All our Ebola experts are mobilized , we simply can not do more , " Janseens said . American patients improving Two Americans who contracted Ebola while supporting efforts to fight the disease in Liberia are showing improvement at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . Dr. Kent Brantly and aid worker Nancy Writebol are getting treatment at one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . WHO warns of bogus information Meanwhile , a WHO official said bogus information is adding to the rapid spread of the disease . "  Perhaps one of the most important factors contributing to this is fear and misinformation , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , assistant director for health security . "  This is critical to understand , because what it is doing is that it helps foster suspicion and anxiety in communities , and when that happens we see a situation where people are reluctant to go to health facilities or maybe reluctant to bring their family members there . " Though infectious , Ebola "  is not mysterious " and can be contained , Fukuda said . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said the fast-spreading disease has overwhelmed her nation 's health care system . "  The scope and scale of the epidemic ... now exceed the capacity and statutory responsibility of any one government agency or ministry , " she said . The Liberian leader declared a 90-day state of emergency this week , which will allow her government to set up a series of measures to prevent the spread of the disease . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug While Liberia struggles to contain the epidemic , the United States ordered relatives of its embassy employees to leave the country . The U.S. Embassy is in the capital of Monrovia , one of the areas hardest-hit by the epidemic . Washington said it 's sending experts to Liberia , including 12 specialists from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and a 13-member disaster assistance response team from the U.S. Agency for International Development . Ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic The Ebola virus causes hemorrhagic fever that affects multiple organ systems in the body . Early symptoms include weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . It has no known cure . The most common treatment requires supporting organ functions and maintaining bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . What 's the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ?	Ebola has killed 961 people from the start of the outbreak this year U.N. health agency : "  A coordinated international response is deemed essential " Doctors Without Borders applauds designation but says "  statements wo n't save lives "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fifteen crew members of a South African Airways flight spent the night in jail after customs officials found marijuana and cocaine worth nearly half a million dollars hidden aboard a long-distance flight to London , British customs officials said Wednesday . South African Airways said it has a zero-tolerance approach towards any criminal activity . The 10 women and five men -- who include three pilots -- were detained on arrival from Johannesburg , South Africa , after customs officials found 50 kilograms  110 pounds  of marijuana and 4 kilograms  8.8 pounds  of cocaine in three pieces of baggage , HM Revenue and Customs said . The drugs are estimated to be worth a total of # 310,000  $ 428,000  , customs officials added . Border agents arrested the crew at London 's Heathrow Airport on suspicion of involvement in smuggling prohibited drugs into the United Kingdom , customs spokesman Bob Gaiger said . He said he was not able to disclose what led investigators to believe the suitcases belonged to the crew members . Customs officials interviewed the crew members overnight , and all were released on bail Wednesday pending further inquiries , Gaiger said . They were not charged , according to the airline . South African Airways said it launched its own investigation involving the airline 's security and the South African Police Service . "  SAA has a zero-tolerance approach towards the use of the airline 's services for any criminal activity , " airline spokeswoman Robyn Chalmers said .	10 women and 5 men were detained on arrival from Johannesburg London customs officials found marijuana and cocaine in baggage Officials : The drugs are estimated to be worth $ 428,000 South African Airways said it launched its own investigation
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon outlined a series of economic recovery measures Wednesday , including freezing gasoline prices for the rest of the year and lowering natural gas prices by 10 percent . Mexican President Felipe Calderon announces his economic recovery proposals on Wednesday . Calderon also announced an ambitious agenda to help rebuild the nation 's highways , bridges and other public-use facilities . The National Infrastructure Program , as he called it , will spend 570 billion pesos  $ 42 billion  . Petroleos Mexicanos , the nationally owned oil industry , will receive an additional 17 billion pesos  $ 1.2 billion  . Calderon made his wide-ranging announcement in a nationally televised speech attended by his wife , Cabinet members , governors and other public and private officials . He said Mexico is in better shape this year to fight off recession than it was in previous instances . The recovery plan will address five areas : employment aid , family finances , competitiveness , infrastructure , and actions toward public spending that is more transparent and efficient . In all , Calderon promised to spend billions of pesos to help Mexicans weather the global financial storm . For example , Calderon pledged 2.6 billion pesos  $ 193 million  to improve a Social Security program for unemployed Mexicans , increasing from two months to six months the time they will receive medical and maternity coverage . Other programs he announced also carried hefty price tags . The government will spend 2.2 billion pesos  $ 163 million  to help Mexicans who are unemployed or underemployed , Calderon said . The recovery measure includes financing to help poor families buy more energy-efficient electrical appliances . The government will set aside 750 million pesos  $ 55 million  to pay 50 percent of the costs of replacing old appliances . To help businesses , the federal government will make at least 20 percent of its purchases from small - and medium-size companies , Calderon said . The government also will establish a 5 billion peso  $ 372 million  fund to start a "  Made in Mexico " program for businesses to sell supplies to the national petroleum industry .	Mexico leader says gasoline prices will be frozen for rest of year Also planned is ambitious program to rebuild nation 's infrastructure Billions of pesos will be spent to help Mexicans weather financial storm Plan also calls for steps to aid small - and medium-size companies
EW.com  -- Kelly Clarkson will turn 30 next year . By then , "  Idol 's " favorite ex-waitress will have grown from America 's sweetheart  see : 2004 's "  Breakaway "  to a slightly goth brooder  2007 's "  My December "  to pop 's resident angry grrrl  2009 's "  All I Ever Wanted "  right before the proud eyes of Mom and Dad -- or as we call them , Paula and Simon . In 2011 , she 's still young enough to pull off gleefully bratty kiss-offs like " Einstein , " on which she does the math for a no-good boyfriend : " Dumb plus dumb equals you . " But it may not be long before she ca n't get away with writing songs with " suck " in the title . So it 's the perfect time for "  Stronger , " Clarkson 's older-better-tougher-smarter album . ` Once Upon A Time ' premiere review : Did this fairy-tale show makes your dreams come true ? The excellent pink-bubblegum explosion " I Forgive You " plays like a heartfelt postscript to the guy who left her in " Since U Been Gone , " with Clarkson 's lived-through-this vocals making the lyrics even more poignant : " We were just a couple of kids ... no shame , no blame . " She 's got Gwen Stefani 's just-a-girl strut down on " You Ca n't Win , " a punchy guitar rave-up about making peace with your inner walking disaster . Best of all is " What Does n't Kill You  Stronger  , " a throbbing glitter-disco tribute to believing that it really does get better .  By the time you finish this review , 9,000 pride-parade DJs will have already added it to their playlists . Box office report : ` Paranormal Activity 3 ' scores best October opening ever with $ 54 mil Clarkson 's voice is made for anthems , and too many of the slow , snoozy ballads here do n't do it justice . But she pulls off the downtempo " Mr. Know It All " -- because you 're never too old for a good wag-your-finger-at-the-boys song . B + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Stronger " is Clarkson 's older-better-tougher-smarter album In 2011 , Clarkson is still young enough to pull off gleefully bratty kiss-offs like "  Einstein " Clarkson 's voice is made for anthems , and the slow , snoozy ballads here do n't do it justice
Washington  CNN  -- An unlikely sponsor at this year 's annual conservative conference is hoping to not only promote the issues that set it apart from many Republicans , but also draw attention to the beliefs they share . The group is called GOProud -- a name that combines GOP and gay pride . So far , the group is getting a mixed response at the Conservative Political Action Conference . GOProud was founded by former members of the Log Cabin Republicans , a gay and lesbian Republican grass-roots organization . GOProud has a booth at CPAC just two spaces away from the exhibition for the National Organization for Marriage , which wants the government to define marriage as between a man and a woman . The organizations obviously see social issues differently . "  It 's the ultimate Washington power grab to say let 's have a federal constitutional amendment that will federalize the question of marriage , " said GOProud chairman Christopher Barron . Through speaking at the event , exhibiting a booth and co-sponsoring the conference , GOProud hopes to highlight the views it has in common with other Republicans -- limited government and fiscal responsibility . But the members ' nontraditional conservative views are rankling some attendees at CPAC . Liberty University Law School , founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell , boycotted the event after GOProud was announced as a co-sponsor . The younger activists , however , are more accepting . About 10,000 people are expect to attend CPAC , and a conference spokesman said at least 60 percent , and maybe as high as 80 percent , of the attendees are expected to be younger than 30 . "  People in the under 40 age range have become a lot more accepting of homosexuality , " attendee Deborah Corey said . "  But I think there 's also more of an attitude among Americans that 's sort of more libertarian that says people have the right to do what they want to in their own lives and to take the consequences for it , as well . " Chris Plante , who is running the booth for the National Organization for Marriage , said being two booths away from GOProud was n't an issue . As cameras rolled , he introduced himself to Barron . "  I hope we 'll have more time to talk over the next four days . Maybe we can have a beer later , " Plante said . "  We can have a beer summit later . It worked for Obama , " Barron joked . A meeting , yes . But do n't expect a meeting of the minds . "  Gays and lesbians have the right to live as they choose , but they do n't have the right to redefine marriage for the rest of us , " Plante said . The organizers of GOProud will be participating in a roundtable on Saturday , but they wo n't be talking about issues that affect gay Americans . Instead , they 'll be talking about technology and outreach . They say that 's their choice .	GOProud 's nontraditional conservative views are rankling some attendees at CPAC GOProud hopes to highlight the beliefs it shares with other Republicans Liberty University Law School boycotts event after GOProud announced as co-sponsor GOProud participating in a roundtable on Saturday about technology and outreach
CNN  -- Russia 's policies on foreign adoptions made headlines when the government announced it would no longer allow Americans to adopt Russian children . But hidden away in Russian orphanages are thousands of children with disabilities who are n't orphans , whose harmful treatment has long been hidden from public view -- even from most Russians . When I visited a Russian orphanage last year as part of a human rights investigation , a volunteer led me to a crib where a boy under 3 feet tall , wearing a diaper , smiled at us . "  This is Roman , " she said . "  He 's 18 years old . He has Down syndrome . " Roman reached for me to pick him up and I felt his protruding ribs . I could hardly believe he was 18 . Yet the birthdates labeling the cribs of other equally frail and undersized children revealed that most were also teenagers with conditions including Down syndrome , cerebral palsy , and blindness . In fact , well over 165,000 children live in Russia 's state orphanages for children with disabilities , comprising nearly 50 % of the country 's orphanage population . A 2012 report by an international children 's advocacy organization noted that of 10 countries surveyed , Russia had the highest rate of children living in institutional care . The vast majority of children with disabilities living in Russian state orphanages have living parents , but many children are there after doctors gave parents dire assessments of their child 's prospects for development . State orphanages are typically geographically isolated , and children living there are often cut off from their families and communities and from the variety of experiences available to other children , such as attending school . It is also often difficult for anyone not living or formally employed in these institutions to visit -- even children 's parents . I spoke with parents of institutionalized children with disabilities who told me that staff discouraged them from regularly visiting their children or taking children home for weekend visits , on the basis that too much attention would "  spoil " children and make it difficult for them to readjust to institutional routines . I visited 10 orphanages across Russia , gaining access to those few institutions where staff were willing to let me in . I spoke with children and activists who are fighting to protect their rights , and I learned that life in institutions , and the neglect , isolation and even violence it can entail , are what rob children of potential . In most orphanages I visited , staff relegated children they deemed to be "  too disabled to learn , " to separate wards where they lay in cribs with little attention except to change their diapers or adjust their feeding tubes . Members of staff used rags to tie many children 's heads , limbs and torsos to their cribs or other furniture , or sedated children to prevent them from trying to leave their rooms or from knocking their heads against crib railings . Orphanage staff told me many children forgot how to walk after months of being tied up or confined . It is tempting to attribute these children 's conditions to lack of material resources , yet that was not the issue . I saw playrooms with new dolls , books and games arranged out of children 's reach . I saw wheelchairs stacked in hallways , while children who could have been on the playground lay in their cribs . One activist told me that the majority of children with disabilities in Russian orphanages receive little or no education . Due to such a lack of attention , education , health care and adequate nutrition , children 's disabilities grow more pronounced , or children develop new impairments . Psychologists and other child development specialists agree that life in institutions contributes to physical underdevelopment , stunted intellectual development , and difficulties forming stable relationships . Violence that children may experience in institutions can lead to severe developmental delays , additional disabilities , and irreversible psychological harm . The reality is that the sooner children are moved out of orphanages and into families , the better their chances of making up for lost time . I met many Russian children with disabilities whose birth , foster , or adoptive parents raised them to be active , happy children , despite the gloomy predictions of doctors and adoption officials . School-age children who could neither walk nor talk learned to do so after loving parents adopted them or took them home and marshaled resources for them to study and receive health care . Russia 's international human rights obligations include ensuring that children are not separated from their parents against their will , and protecting children from all forms of violence and neglect . The government has taken steps in this direction , including a strategy outlining plans to reduce the use of institutional care and curb child abandonment during 2012-2017 . But this and other federal policies lack clear plans for implementation . As I undertook my research , I met social workers , psychologists and disability rights experts who tell parents of newborns with disabilities about positive examples of families who have raised children with disabilities . I visited organizations that provide these families with services such as parents ' support groups . And I met activists who shepherd prospective Russian foster and adoptive parents through bureaucratic red tape so they can take children home . So many of the children I saw would be better served if the government focused on maintaining a network of support services to keep children with their families and in their communities , rather than rely on what is currently an abusive orphanage system . There is a network of caring people already . What it needs is government support and the will to make this happen .	Andrea Mazzarino : Many nonorphan kids with disabilities in Russian orphanages State orphanages are typically geographically isolated , she says Lack of attention , adequate nutrition make disabilities grow more pronounced , she says
CNN  -- An Iowa family that 's been hoping for good news since two young cousins disappeared in July is now grappling with the worst . Hunters discovered two bodies in a wooded area Wednesday afternoon , Black Hawk County sheriff 's Capt. Rick Abben said . He said the family of Lyric Cook , 10 , and her cousin Elizabeth Collins , 8 , had been notified even though the identification process was not complete . The bodies were taken to the state medical examiner 's office in Ankeny , Iowa . "  Right now , it 's looking like the outcome was not the one that we wanted , " Abben said at a news conference in Evansdale , Iowa . While the medical examiner 's office has not publicly confirmed the identity of the bodies , Elizabeth 's mother , Heather Collins posted a message on Facebook late Wednesday night expressing gratitude for the prayers and outpouring of support amid the "  gut-wrenching news . " "  We know that they are up in heaven with our savior , " she said on the Facebook page . "  Lord we know that you have them in your loving arms and we are so blessed . " The girls were last seen by their grandmother on July 13 when they left for a bike ride . The girls ' bicycles and a purse were found near Meyers Lake hours after they were reported missing . A search of the 25-acre lake in July turned up nothing , and authorities said they believed the cousins were abducted . "  Cooperation with law enforcement is the key factor in discovering the whereabouts of Lyric and Elizabeth , " FBI spokeswoman Sandy Breault said in July . "  Unfortunately , in this case , law enforcement has not received total cooperation from all family and close friends , " she said . Abben said the investigation is ongoing , and he thanked the public and the media for their assistance and support in the case . Read more on KCRG Previously on CNN.com : Family of missing Iowa girls ` bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best ' Previously on CNN.com : Iowa mom thinks missing girls may have been ` taken ' CNN 's John Fricke and Tina Burnside contributed to this report	NEW : A mother says the bodies are those of her daughter and niece Two bodies have been found in Iowa near where two girls disappeared in July The bodies were headed to the state medical examiner for identification "  It 's looking like the outcome was not the one that we wanted , " sheriff 's deputy says
CNN  -- The parents of an American journalist missing in Syria have a new message for his captors : "  Let us be a whole family again . " In a statement published Thursday on the McClatchy Newspapers website , Austin Tice 's parents say he went to Syria to share the stories of the country 's people . "  We urge you , whoever you are : Let Austin come home for Christmas , " Marc and Debra Tice wrote . "  Let us hug him , laugh and cry with him , love him in person . " Austin Tice , who was working as a freelancer for McClatchy and other news outlets , last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria reporting on the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's government . He was reportedly preparing to leave Syria for Lebanon when he went missing , according to his family . Read more : Syrian government denies holding missing journalist , father says In Thursday 's statement , Marc and Debra Tice describe their son as someone who has "  a special affinity for the people of the Middle East . " "  He is especially attracted to your tradition of hospitality , " the statement said . "  He deeply connects with your intense loyalty to family , faith and ideals . " The U.S. State Department has said they believe Tice was detained by Syrian officials in August as he was preparing to leave the country . He had smuggled himself into the country to report on the uprising . In November , Marc Tice told reporters that the Syrian government had told his family that it does n't know where their son is . In October , a shaky video surfaced on YouTube showing a man believed to be Tice surrounded by armed men walking him up a hill . State Department officials have questioned the veracity of the video , which purports to show Tice in the custody of rebels fighting the Syrian government . Read more : Video appears to show missing U.S. journalist blindfolded and in distress Earlier this month , Tice 's parents told CNN they do not want to speculate about who is holding him ; they just want their son back home . Austin is the oldest of the couple 's seven children . "  He likes to know what 's going on in the world , " Debra Tice said earlier this month , and he was frustrated by the lack firsthand reporting from Syria 's civil war . She said her son had reassured her that it was worth it to travel to Syria . "  I 'm someone that can go , " he told her . "  I can face that danger because this story is important . ' " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Claire Calzonetti , Samuel Burke and Mick Krever contributed to this report .	Marc and Debra Tice : "  We urge you , whoever you are : Let Austin come home for Christmas " Austin Tice last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria The State Department has said it believes he was detained by Syrian officials The Syrian government has said it does n't know where the journalist is
CNN  -- Residents of a western Pennsylvania neighborhood can return home Sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before . Hundreds of residents were forced to flee Saturday after a chemical leak in Petrolia , Pennsylvania . Authorities surveyed the neighborhood in Petrolia and determined that no traces of the toxic chemical remained , said Freda Tarbell , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection . A leak at the Indspec Chemical Corp. plant in Petrolia on Saturday formed a cloud affecting at least 2,000 residents -- some of whom fled their homes . Others huddled indoors with their windows shut , authorities said . Three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why . Watch why residents were asked to evacuate " It was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager Dave Dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for . Tarbell described the chemical as fuming sulfuric acid , which is also known as oleum . The plant uses the chemical during its production process , she said . The plant produces a chemical called Resorcinol -- essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry . The leak affected between 2,000 and 2,500 residents , Tarbell said . Some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters . Others opted to stay indoors and "  shut their windows and doors to make sure the acid cloud was not entering their home , " she said . Ed Schrecengost , a former Indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son 's wedding reception , urging the guests to leave . "  It 's about as dangerous as you can get , " Schrecengost told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  It 's a very fuming acid . A quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds . " Dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank . The material , he said , evaporates easily , creating a toxic cloud . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain Toxic cloud forms Saturday after chemical leak at Pennsylvania plant Three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not known
CNN  -- Fourteen passengers are still missing after a plane burst into flames after landing in Sudan 's capital Khartoum on Tuesday , killing 29 people . Officials say 29 are dead after a plane caught fire shortly after landing in Sudan . The Sudan Civil Aviation Authority said Wednesday the remaining 171 passengers on the Sudan Airways Airbus survived . Many passengers did not wait around for customs inspection after fleeing the burning plane , making the toll difficult to ascertain initially , officials said . Khartoum Police Chief Mohammad Othman Mohammad Noor said that "  a defect " in the Sudan Airways plane caused it to catch fire as it touched down during a storm . "  The fire then led to an explosion on the airplane , " he said . "  There was a large number of passengers on the plane , some of whom survived . The number of casualties is still unconfirmed at this time . " iReport.com : Send your photos , videos Lighting up the night sky , flames consumed the plane as it sat on the runway at the airport , which is in the center of Khartoum near residential and business areas . Watch as flames engulf the wreckage " The weather in Khartoum as the plane attempted to land was terrible . Low visibility and heavy rain and wind followed a big sandstorm earlier in the day . The last airline disaster involving a Sudan Airways plane was July 8 , 2003 , when a Boeing 737 reported engine trouble after take-off from Port Sudan and missed its return approach to the airport . It crashed about three miles away . A 3-year-old boy was the only survivor of the 117 people aboard . It was Sudan 's worst air disaster .	14 passengers still missing , 29 dead in Sudanese air crash , officials say Remaining 171 passengers on the Sudan Airways Airbus survived Police chief says "  defect " caused plane to catch fire as it landed in a storm Khartoum accident occurred as plane touched down in low visibility , heavy rain
CNN  -- Evangelist Billy Graham is showing signs of improvement as he continues to recover from pneumonia in a North Carolina hospital , a spokeswoman for Asheville 's Mission Hospital said Sunday . The 93-year-old Graham was admitted to the hospital Wednesday in stable condition . "  Doctors are encouraged by Mr. Graham 's significant clinical progress , but have not yet set a date for discharge , " hospital spokeswoman Merrell Gregory said in a statement . Gregory also reported progress in Graham 's physical therapy , saying he is "  walking more in the private corridor outside his room . " Graham was visited over the weekend by his family , according to Gregory . He also watched on television his pastor deliver his regular Sunday sermon , she said . This is Graham 's second bout with pneumonia this year . He was previously hospitalized for the infection in May . Graham , a resident of nearby Montreat , has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents beginning with Harry S. Truman and is the founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . The Charlotte native has preached to untold millions over six decades , beginning his missionary work in 1944 when he started speaking at rallies for the Youth for Christ Campus Life ministry . Five years later , Graham was holding crusades in tents in downtown Los Angeles . Originally scheduled for three weeks , the crusades drew so many followers they were extended to seven . Graham 's "  last crusade " in June 2005 drew a total of 230,000 people . He described it as his last American crusade , but hedged his farewells during a poignant appearance in Corona Park in Queens , New York . "  We hope to come back again someday , " Graham announced . "  I was asked in an interview if this was our last crusade and I said it probably is -- in New York . But I also said , ' I never say never . ' "	Evangelist , 93 , showing progress in recovery from pneumonia , hospital says He is walking more , North Carolina hospital spokeswoman says Graham was admitted to the Asheville hospital Wednesday in stable condition No discharge date has been set ; he also was hospitalized in May
CNN  -- Radical Islamist fighters seized control of the seat of Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government Monday , raiding the parliament building and demanding that several lawmakers publicly surrender , according to a journalist who witnessed the spectacle . Members of the Somali Transitional Federal Parliament are meeting in the neighboring country of Djibouti . Al-Shabab fighters took over the parliament building and the presidential palace in Baidoa , in the southwestern part of the country , a day after the Ethiopian troops who had backed up the transitional government left the country . The insurgents captured five members of parliament and paraded them through the city streets , with hundreds of residents looking on , the reporter said . The five were released after publicly surrendering . The situation left Somali lawmakers stranded in the neighboring country of Djibouti , where they often convene and where talks on forming a new government are under way . "  We have nowhere to return to , " Parliament Speaker Aden Mohamed Nur told fellow lawmakers there . Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government took office after Ethiopian troops invaded the country at its request in December 2006 . The Ethiopian invasion ousted the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamist movement that had claimed control of the capital Mogadishu earlier that year . Ethiopia 's invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . But various Islamist groups -- including the hard-line Al-Shabab , which the United States has designated a terror organization -- rejected the presence of Ethiopian forces and mounted an insurgent campaign against the Ethiopians and the transitional government . Ethiopia announced on Sunday that all its forces have left Somalia . Last week , as Ethiopian troops began pulling out of the Somali capital , forces from different Islamist groups -- including Al-Shabab -- took control of bases the Ethiopians abandoned around Mogadishu . The transitional government maintained very little control outside of Baidoa , even with the support of the Ethiopian forces . It has also been wracked by an internal power struggle between Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein and President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , who resigned in December . In Washington , the State Department said U.S. officials are working to independently confirm the reports from Baidoa . But State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said members of one of the major Islamic factions , which signed a peace agreement in October in Djibouti , are already joining the transitional government . Duguid said the Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia , another offshoot of the ICU , will choose up to 200 new members of the transitional parliament . Another 75 members will be drawn from other opposition groups , and the expanded parliament is expected to elect a new president soon . "  We remain deeply concerned about the ongoing violence in southern Somalia , which continues to claim innocent lives , " Duguid said . "  Lasting peace and stability in Somalia can only be established through the reconciliation process underway through the Djibouti Agreement and rejection of extremism . " With Monday 's takeover of Baidoa , the transitional government only has control of the presidential palace in the Somali capital of Mogadishu and the road to the airport in the capital city , which it holds with the help of African Union forces . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalists Mohamed Amiin Adow and Omar Faruk Osman contributed to this report .	Islamist fighters seize control of Baidoa , Somalia Baidoa is headquarters of Somalia 's U.N.-backed government Town 's seizure leaves country 's lawmakers stranded in nation of Djibouti
CNN  -- At Thursday 's Capitol Hill confirmation hearing , Chuck Hagel will finally get to answer his critics . The decorated Vietnam veteran and two-term Republican senator from Nebraska is President Obama 's choice to be the next secretary of defense . But the bipartisan pick has n't brought the two parties together . Instead , a cadre of conservative activists have been trying to drum up opposition to Hagel ever since his name was first floated in what has amounted to a pre-emptive attack on not just his policies but , too often , his character . It 's time for a reality check . The anti-Hagel campaign has accused him of being everything from "  out of the mainstream " to anti-Israel to anti-Semitic to anti-gay -- serious charges , if true . Politics : Five things Hagel may be asked But let 's be honest : Hagel 's cardinal sin among neo-conservatives was his outspoken opposition to Bush-era foreign policy in Iraq and his decision to break Republican ranks and not support the 2007 Iraq surge . Good people can disagree on policy and personnel ; my wife and I disagree on the Hagel nomination . A confirmation hearing can usefully clear up any sincere questions . But a look at the facts , armed with a sense of perspective , suggests that it might be Hagel 's most vociferous critics who are outside the historic mainstream , not Hagel himself . Hagel 's unvarnished independence is well-known in Washington , but his opposition to the quagmire of the Iraq war is not idiosyncratic . It is philosophically consistent with being a small government conservative and a Vietnam veteran , suspicious of calls to war by people who wo n't have to serve in the combat zone . He still carries shrapnel in his chest from being wounded in Vietnam . After his war service , he said , "  I made myself a promise that if I ever got out of that place and was ever in a position to do something about war -- so horrible , so filled with suffering -- I would do whatever I could to stop it . I have never forgotten that promise . " This does n't mean Hagel is some kind of pacifist . But as the first enlisted man to serve in combat to be nominated for secretary of defense , he does have a grunt 's - eye view of war and a commitment to making it a last resort , consistent with our national interest -- hence his reasonable regrets about the invasion of Iraq and his caution about charging into a war with Iran . Politics : McCain moves from backer to skeptic on Hagel "  We blundered into Iraq because of flawed intelligence , flawed assumptions , flawed judgments , and ideologically driven motives , " he wrote in his 2008 memoir , "  America : Our Next Chapter : Tough Questions , Straight Answers . " "  We must not repeat these errors with Iran and the best way to avoid them is to maintain an effective dialogue . Preventing an Iranian nuclear weapon is in the interest of both the United States and the world community . " He also repeatedly calls Iran a state sponsor of terrorism . As part of the effort to contain Iran 's ambitions , Hagel believes that multilateral sanctions are more effective than unilateral sanctions , a belief largely borne out by experience . This policy disagreement is worthy of debate , but it is far from a disqualification . In 2012 , Hagel co-wrote an opinion piece with a bipartisan group of former congressmen and military leaders on stopping Iran from getting a nuclear bomb . It said , "  our position is fully consistent with the policy of presidents for more than a decade of keeping all options on the table , including the use of military force , thereby increasing pressure on Iran while working toward a political solution . " This policy is common sense , consistent with that of both President Bush and Obama , and entirely within the mainstream . And yet , the accusation that Hagel is out of the mainstream on Iran and Israel percolates because it is in the talking points . An early broadside came from The Weekly Standard , which published an anonymous e-mail , allegedly from a Senate aide , reading , "  Send us Hagel and we will make sure every American knows he is an anti-Semite . " This is a serious accusation and a transparent attempt to intimidate . Anti-Semitism is a rightfully toxic charge . Israel is America 's closest ally in the world , along with the UK . But in a recent interview with his hometown paper in Lincoln , Nebraska , Hagel said that his record demonstrates "  unequivocal , total support for Israel . " In his memoir , Hagel devotes an entire chapter to "  The Holy Land : Israel and The Arabs , " full of calls for negotiated peace with statements like this : "  There is one important given that is not negotiable : A comprehensive solution should not include any compromise regarding Israel 's Jewish identity , which must be assured . The Israeli people must be free to live in peace and security . " For what it 's worth , five former ambassadors to Israel have endorsed Hagel 's nomination , and former Israeli Consul Gen. Alon Pinkas has clarified that Hagel is "  not anti-Israel . " Politics : Why some conservatives are still going after Hagel The anti-gay charge has been pushed by the Log Cabin Republicans as well as some liberal groups for Hagel 's opposition to Bill Clinton 's 1998 nomination of the openly gay James Hormel to serve as ambassador of Luxembourg . At the time , Hagel questioned the wisdom of having an "  openly , aggressively gay " ambassador -- a statement that reflects the unevolved times on this issue . Hagel has since apologized . Christopher Barron of the gay conservative group GOProud questioned the RNC 's aggressive promotion of this line of attack , tweeting , "  The RNC website uses the Hagel is anti-gay smear , anyone told them to take a look at the GOP platform recently ? " The final reality check relates to the conservative senators who have criticized their former colleague . In 2006 , John McCain said he 'd be "  honored to have Chuck with me in any capacity . He 'd make a great secretary of state . " But after Hagel was nominated by Obama , McCain questioned Hagel 's "  overall attitude toward the United States and the world . " Republican leader Mitch McConnell also broadly praised Hagel as recently as 2009 , saying , "  Chuck has earned the respect of his colleagues and risen to national prominence as a clear voice on foreign policy and national security . " This generous perspective is unlikely to be recollected by conservatives during the confirmation hearings . Since his nomination , Hagel has been diligently working the corridors of Congress , trying to address concerns directly . He 's also met with leaders of organizations like the Anti-Defamation League and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee to address the accusations behind closed doors . Consider the attacks on Hagel against the backdrop of facts , with a sense of perspective . And then look at the staunch defenders of Hagel 's nomination : Republican Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , Republican Secretary of State Colin Powell , Reagan 's respected Secretary of Defense Frank Carlucci and the first President Bush 's national security adviser Brent Scowcroft . The bottom line : Chuck Hagel is squarely in the Main Street Republican tradition . That he is being relentlessly attacked by some neoconservatives reflects how much their "  you 're either with us or against us " attitude has strayed out of the historic mainstream . Listen : Hagel 's other war Policy differences can and should be debated , but stooping to personal smears smacks of desperation . It is doubly ironic because Hagel 's appointment by a Democratic president is designed to help re-center American foreign policy , reminding us all of some forgotten Cold War era wisdom articulated by Republican Sen. Arthur Vandenberg during the Truman administration : "  Partisan politics ought to end at the water 's edge . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Critics targeted Hagel since he was nominated for secretary of defense Avlon : Hagel wrongly called anti-gay , anti-Israel , but it 's really about opposing Iraq war Hagel is a mainstream conservative and Vietnam vet , wary of calls to war , he says Avlon : Unfounded attacks show "  you 're with us or against us " neoconservative view
Editor 's Note : Anthony J. Badger is Paul Mellon Professor of American History at Cambridge University and Master of Clare College . He is the author of "  FDR : The First Hundred Days , " "  North Carolina and the New Deal " and "  The New Deal : The Depression Years , 1933 -- 1940 . " Anthony Badger says Barack Obama 's administration could learn lessons from the New Deal . CAMBRIDGE , England  CNN  -- Students here in Cambridge watched in horror in September 2005 as they saw lines of desperate people snaked round the convention center and the Superdome in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . In the past couple of months , they watched with admiration the lines outside polling stations both on Election Day and in the early voting states . They found it difficult to imagine that voters in Britain would be prepared to queue for hours to vote . No American election in recent history has aroused such interest in Britain among old and young alike . Partly , this is the result of the compelling drama of the long drawn-out primary battles , partly the result of the feeling that , whichever candidate was elected , there would be an end to the "  arrogant unilateralism "  Robert McNamara 's phrase in Cambridge in 2002  of U.S. foreign policy . Partly , of course , it was the powerful narrative of an African-American running for the White House . Each August I teach 35 American high school teachers about the civil rights movement for the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History in the far-removed historic buildings of Clare College . This year they reported their students were unprecedentedly enthusiastic about both Barack Obama and the political process . I expressed deep skepticism that an African-American candidate could win a southern state . They had more faith in southern voters and they were right and I was wrong . As I have told British audiences , it was a stunning achievement for an African-American candidate to carry Virginia for the Democrats when three white southerners -- Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and Al Gore -- failed to do so . Now that President-elect Obama is preparing to take office , I was interested to hear he is reading about President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's first 100 days in office . The situations in 1933 and 2009 do have similarities . In both cases , there is a discredited outgoing administration , a financial crisis , a lame-duck Congress which finds it difficult to act , a new President who is a talented communicator and has a popular election victory and large congressional majorities . But 1933 was also very different from the situation that will face Obama in January . The Depression had been going on for four years . Between a quarter and a third of the industrial workforce was out of work . Farmers , who were a third of the workforce then , were desperate . There were none of the stabilizers that exist now to protect ordinary Americans : no bank deposit insurance , no social security and the welfare and relief resources of private charities and local and state governments were exhausted . The day FDR took office , the banks in New York and Chicago closed . The whole U.S. banking system ground to a halt . The result was that Congress was desperate for bold leadership . Constituents let their representatives know that they expected them to support the president as if the country was at war . When FDR proclaimed a national bank holiday and worked to reopen the banks , Republicans and Democrats supported him . The House passed the banking bill -- and they only had one copy of it -- in 43 minutes . When Roosevelt addressed the nation on Sunday , March 12 , it was a tremendous gamble . He told Americans it was safer to put their money back in the banks reopening the next day than to hide it under the mattress . They believed him and the next day the money flowed back into the banks that had been allowed to open . There was no Plan B : If people had continued taking money out , absolute disaster would have followed . Despite four months to prepare -- FDR was the last president to be inaugurated in March -- Roosevelt had no great template to put into effect when he took office . He seized opportunities . He used the banking proposals of holdover Republican officials at the Treasury and the Federal Reserve . He proposed the National Recovery Act only after Congress threatened to pass share-the-work legislation that would have mandated a maximum 30 - hour work week . He only brought Harry Hopkins to Washington to set up a national relief program after existing appropriations relief allocation to the states ran out . He did not favor bank deposit insurance but accepted it . He accepted large public works spending reluctantly . FDR had a penchant for quick-fix solutions for the economy like currency tinkering . But he also launched the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Tennessee Valley Authority , crop control programs for farmers , and regulation of the stock market and the banks , and he underwrote the refinancing of mortgage debt on a long-term basis . Are there lessons for President-elect Obama ? Perhaps there are several . First , in the New Deal 's industrial recovery programs , a provision for loans to businesses disappeared . As a result there was no mechanism for creating extra jobs in the private sector . Perhaps Obama should preserve jobs in the economy by bailing out the auto industry . Second , infrastructure investment works , as the New Deal 's public works programs showed in highways , education , cheap electrical power and flood control . Third , the first 100 days can be a window of opportunity to pass reforms that will not be possible later on , but complex structural changes -- like FDR 's introduction of social security -- may have to wait . For Obama , health care reform may be one of those issues that has to wait . And finally , responding to an economic crisis requires the ability to improvise , to work across the aisle and to take measures that might at first be at odds with your original plans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Badger .	Anthony Badger : British students impressed that Americans stood in lines to vote Barack Obama is reading about Franklin Roosevelt 's first 100 days Badger says there are parallels today to what FDR faced in 1930s Badger : Handling a financial crisis takes ability to improvise and rethink plans
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Twenty-four people , including eight children , were injured in an apparent gas explosion at a Harlem apartment building , the New York Fire Department said . The explosion blew out some of the windows in the five-story building . John Rodgers , a spokesman for New York-Presbyterian Hospital , said Sunday that four of the eight children were from the same family . The conditions of all those injured were not immediately known . One child was in critical condition and the three others were in serious condition , New York Fire Department Commissioner Nicholas Scoppetta said . All four had burn injuries . One of the injured is an infant . A firefighter was also injured , but was in stable condition Saturday evening . He apparently was struck by falling debris , Scoppetta said . About 200 firefighters responded to the scene of the blast on West 119th Street in Harlem . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg visited the five-floor building after the explosion . The 4 p.m. ET blast blew some of the building 's windows out , according to firefighters . Watch rescue workers tend to injured " Although the blast was still under investigation , Scoppetta said the cause appeared to be a gas leak . New York police said the blast was at the rear of the structure . Residents who assisted in pulling the injured out of the building said some kind of restaurant was being operated on the bottom floor of the building . Scoppetta refused comment on those reports , citing the ongoing investigation . An emergency room worker at Harlem Hospital Center said the facility received five to six people from the explosion about 4:30 p.m. , but would not provide an update on their conditions . The building , which has 20 apartments , was evacuated , as were apartment buildings on both sides , Scoppetta said . Building inspectors will examine them to determine their structural integrity . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Caleb Silver , Jim Acosta and Richard Davis contributed to this report .	NEW : Four of the eight injured children came from same family , hospital says One child in critical condition , three in serious condition with burn injuries About 200 firefighters were at the scene in Harlem Residents say some sort of restaurant was being operated in bottom of building
CNN  -- A Venezuelan journalist who has been held for two years without a trial reported that he has gone on a hunger strike , saying he wants the judge in his case to recuse himself . Leocenis Garcia made the announcement June 30 on Twitter . "  I am starting an indefinite hunger strike until the Judge Jesus Jimenez of Court 20 stops working on my case , " Garcia said . It was not immediately known why Garcia wants the judge removed . The journalist was arrested in May 2008 and charged with five offenses , including illegal possession of a firearm , resistance to authority and property damage . Garcia and his supporters say he was really arrested for publishing articles critical of Venezuela 's state-run petroleum industry . Garcia said in August 2008 that he had been tortured by Venezuela 's secret police , published reports said . He is being held in the Tocuyito prison , and his father has expressed concerns that his son will be killed there . Human rights organizations have frequently accused leftist President Hugo Chavez of intimidating or punishing citizens based on their political beliefs . In June , the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights sent a letter to Venezuela 's foreign minister , criticizing the government on its record of freedom of expression . At issue were three cases , including the conviction and sentencing the previous week of journalist Francisco "  Pancho " Perez to nearly four years in prison and a fine of more than $ 18,000 for defamation of public officials . The charges were brought because of a 2009 newspaper column published in the city of Carabobo that highlighted many of the mayor 's family members who were hired as contractors by the local government . "  The evident disproportion of the sentence handed down for the publication of a piece that was clearly in the public interest demonstrates the serious state of vulnerability in which freedom of expression in Venezuela finds itself , " the commission said in a statement . In February , the commission issued a 319-page report accusing Venezuela of routinely violating human rights . The report said that a lack of independence by Venezuela 's judiciary and legislature in their dealings with Chavez often leads to the abuses . "  The report finds that not all individuals are ensured full enjoyment of their rights irrespective of their positions on government policies , " the human rights panel said . "  The commission also finds that the punitive power of the state is being used to intimidate or punish people on account of their political opinions . The commission believes that conditions do not exist for human rights defenders and journalists to be able to freely carry out their work . " The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights is an independent arm of the Organization of American States . Chavez 's opponents say his government represses political opponents and the expression of free ideas by jailing critics on trumped-up charges or pulling licenses for TV and radio stations and shutting down newspapers . There are about 40 such political prisoners in Venezuelan jails , the critics say . Most of those prisoners , Chavez critics say , are journalists and former military and police officials and others associated with a short-lived coup against Chavez in April 2002 . Some of the prisoners have been held for long periods without trials or during proceedings that have dragged on for months and even years , the critics say , and they say other prisoners have received harsh sentences under questionable charges . Many of the detainees are held at the secret police headquarters rather than a prison . "  Attacks on journalists were widespread , " said Amnesty International 's 2009 Report on Human Rights in Venezuela . "  Human rights defenders continued to suffer harassment . Prison conditions provoked hunger strikes in facilities across the country . " Human Rights Watch , an independent global organization , issued a 230-page report in 2008 that said Chavez has shown an "  open disregard for the principle of separation of powers ... specifically , the notion that an independent judiciary is indispensable for protecting fundamental rights . " "  In the absence of credible judicial oversight , " Human Rights Watch said , "  the Chavez government has engaged in often discriminatory policies that have undercut journalists ' freedom of expression , workers ' freedom of association and civil society 's ability to promote human rights in Venezuela . " The Chavez government has routinely denied any allegations of human rights abuses , saying that authorities arrest citizens only on suspicion of breaking the law .	NEW : Human rights organizations say Chavez violates free speech Leocenis Garcia has been held two years without trial He was arrested in May 2008 on weapons and property charges Garcia says he was targeted for criticizing government 's petroleum industry
CNN  -- You 've just finished a round of golf on a floating course in the middle of the Indian Ocean . An underwater tunnel leads you to the clubhouse , where a glass elevator drops down to a main bar that doubles as a spectacular natural aquarium . It might sound far-fetched , but a $ 500 million development in the Maldives is set to make the world 's biggest water hazard a reality -- and at the same time offer a potential long-term solution to the threat of climate change in the area . Designed by floating architecture specialists Dutch Docklands , the proposed site is just a five-minute speedboat ride from Maldives capital Male , and will offer 27 holes of golf , set upon three interlinked islands . The government-approved development will also boast around 200 villas , 45 private islands and a conservation center -- and all at little or no cost to the wildlife-rich coral reefs it will call home , according to the people behind it . "  We told the president of the Maldives we can transform you from climate refugees to climate innovators , " said Paul van de Camp , CEO of Dutch Docklands . "  And we have a way of building and sustaining this project that is environmentally friendly too . This is going to be an exclusively green development in a marine-protected area . " With over 80 percent of their 1,190 coral reef islands no more than a meter above sea level , the Maldivian government is at the forefront of the battle against climate change . As sea levels reach dangerous levels , one option is to build defense walls , as they have around Male . Another is to buy land from other countries and effectively move their population to other areas . The third is to live on floating landscapes . "  Climate change is upon us and the Maldives are feeling it most . That 's why they 're leading the way in trying to find a way to combat the problem . " said Mark Spalding , senior marine scientist at the Nature Conversancy . "  But building on floating islands clearly comes with a risk of pollution . Golf courses need pesticides and you need to deal with that properly to make sure it does n't get into the ocean . There 's also the issue of desalinating the water to irrigate the course . That has to be done cleanly too . " Dutch Docklands appear to have a green solution . They plan to capture pesticides in concrete troughs , and recycle them in a fresh water "  sweet lakes " in the middle of the golf course afterwards . That same water will then be used to irrigate the course . When it comes to the environmental cost of constructing the islands and developments in the first place , the solution is far more straightforward . "  We 'll be building the islands somewhere else , probably in the Middle East or in India , " said designer Koen Olthuis , the man whose vision will be realized when work officially starts on the project later this year . "  That way there 's no environmental cost to the Maldives . When it comes to the golf course , the islands will be floated into position first , and then the grass will be seeded and the trees planted afterwards . " Troon Golf , who will be lending their expertise to the project in designing the course itself , stressed the economic benefits that could result from the construction in a release issued from their headquarters in Zurich , Switzerland . "  The scar less development , which has zero footprint on the Maldives region will include state-of-the-art golf courses that look set to bring a wealth of new tourism and investment to the country , " said managing director Bruce Glasco . But Spalding is not getting carried away . With some of the world 's most valuable coral reef real estate at stake , he plans to watch the development closely and treat all environmental claims with caution . "  I just hope the Maldives government have been wise enough to not just fall for rhetoric , " he said . "  In an ideal world a development like this would be on land , but the world is changing . I just hope they get it right . If they do , this type of development could be a harbinger of things to come . " If things go to plan , Van de Camp expects the golf course to be ready for play by the end of 2013 , will the full development set to launch in 2015 . And he 's in no doubt visiting golfers will be in for a treat . "  This will be the first and only floating golf course in the world , and it comes with spectacular ocean views on every hole , " he said . "  And then there 's the clubhouse . You get in an elevator and go underwater to get to it . It 's like being Captain Nemo down there . "	A $ 500 million floating golf complex development is planned for the Maldives The golf course will be laid out on three islands , connected by underwater tunnels The project plans to use an array of techniques to protect the environment Floating islands could be the future of the Maldives , with sea levels rising
CNN  -- The new 15-inch MacBook Pro will be a significant departure from the current design , with a retina display and an ultra-thin profile , 9to5Mac claims , citing sources from Apple 's supply chain . It will be so thin , in fact , that it wo n't have room for an optical drive , just like its lightweight cousin MacBook Air . Other design changes include a power button on the keyboard itself  replacing the eject button  and , possibly , the lack of an Ethernet port  replaced by an extra Thunderbolt port  . The MacBook Pro 's new retina display -- the same technology that 's in the new iPad -- is described as "  definitely the most important Mac innovation in years " by the sources who 've handled a prototype of the device . The specifics are unknown , but users should be able to choose between several Retina resolution modes . Finally , the new 15-inch MacBook Pro will have USB 3.0 support , and the latest Ivy Bridge processors from Intel are a safe bet , too . If these rumors are true , the new 15-inch MacBook Pro might be one of the most important MacBook devices to see the light of day in recent years . How do you like these specifications ? What do you think about a 15-inch MacBook Pro without an optical drive ? Share your opinions in the comments . See the original story on Mashable .  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The next 15-inch MacBook Pro will feature a retina display and an ultra-thin profile , 9to5Mac claims Report says it wo n't have room for an optical drive , just like its lightweight cousin MacBook Air
CNN  -- In the past 10 years we 've seen cell phones transform into electronic Swiss army knives with a wild variety of functions and features . They are replacing the watch , the camera , the standalone GPS , the alarm clock , and many other tools . But what will the smartphones of the future look like ? Here 's what we envision ... In five years , the Patent Wars are over and Apple emerges victorious . The company has trademarks of many design features , including many types of curves . As a result , competing smartphone manufacturers resort to triangular or angular forms . Tech : How smartphones make us superhuman Fast forward 15 years . With Google 's pioneering work , smartphones evolve into wearable devices with augmented reality . These smartglasses provide a constant stream of content and advertisement directly into the user 's field of vision . After the fad of wearable phone glasses , companies go mad with miniaturization in 25 years . Technology allows for extreme miniaturization and phones become single use , disposable devices . 50 years later , wearable phones make a comeback in the form of wristbands . The wristphone , as it is commonly known , is customized to fit each user 's arm perfectly . It includes state-of-the-art voice-command features as well as holographic component that let you chat with your friends as though they are right next to you . Tech : Diaries of smartphone addicts Technology takes a huge leap in 75 years . Microchip can be installed directly in the user 's brain . Apple , along with a handful of companies , makes these chips . Thoughts connect instantly when people dial to "  call " each other . But there 's one downside : "  Advertisements " can occasionally control the user 's behavior because of an impossible-to-resolve glitch . If a user encounters this glitch -- a 1 in a billion probability -- every piece of data that his brain delivers is uploaded to companies ' servers so that they may "  serve customers better . " In the year 2112 , civilization crumbles because of climate change and dramatic loss of natural resources . Communication comes full circle as dialogue between humans revert to individuals throwing rocks at each other . But rest assured -- people still laugh out loud . Tech : In defense of a stupidphone The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stewart Scott-Curran and Tim Lampe .	Stewart Scott-Curran , Tim Lampe : What will the phone be like in 100 years ? They imagine that in 15 years , we get smartglasses with augmented reality In 50 years , the wristphone has hologram features and voice activation Scott-Curran , Lampe : In 100 years , humans use rocks again to talk to each other
CNN  -- Wales went to the top of rugby union 's Six Nations Championship with a 27-13 win over Scotland Sunday at Cardiff 's Millennium Stadium . It was the second straight victory for the Welsh , who beat Ireland 23-21 in their opener in Dublin . They next face England , who have also won their first two matches , at Twickenham where a victory will give them the Triple Crown . Scotland , beaten by England at Murrayfield last weekend , battled to hold Wales to 3-3 at halftime . But the home side dominated the second half with two tries from full-back Leigh Halfpenny , with wing Alex Cuthbert also crossing . Halfpenny ended with a tally of 22 points while Scotland had the consolation of scoring their first try in five Tests as they battled bravely to stay in the match . New fly-half Greig Laidlaw , in for the retired Dan Parks , crossed for the Scots , but they suffered for losing backs Nick de Luca and Rory Lamont to the sin bin after the break . Down to 13-men , the Welsh took full advantage to take control and Scotland were left contemplate the wooden spoon after two straight defeats . "  Yellow cards are always crucial in this day and age so everybody has to work on their discipline , " Wales flanker and man-of-the-match Dan Lydiate told BBC Sport . "  Once we go through the phases we know we 're dangerous , but fair play to Scotland they came back into it . " Wales played without captain Sam Warburton , who pulled out just before the start of the match through a niggling injury . England scored a narrow win over Italy Saturday in the only other Six Nations match played this weekend . The clash between France and Ireland was called off due to a frozen pitch at the Stade de France .	Wales beat Scotland 27-13 in Cardiff in Six Nations Second straight win for the Welsh who top the table Leigh Halfpenny scores 22 points for Wales Scotland suffer second straight defeat
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- President Obama , on the first leg of a Mideast trip , said Wednesday that he is confident the United States and Saudi Arabia can "  make progress on a whole host of issues of mutual interest . " President Obama meets with Saudi King Abdullah on Wednesday in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Shortly after his arrival Wednesday in Saudi Arabia , Obama and King Abdullah went to the Saudi ruler 's farm for a welcoming reception . The two leaders met privately afterward . Obama said he was "  struck by his wisdom and his graciousness . Obviously the United States and Saudi Arabia have a long history of friendship . We have a strategic relationship . " Watch Saudi officials greet Obama " "  And as I take this trip -- and I will be visiting Cairo tomorrow , I thought it was very important to come to the place where Islam began and to seek his majesty 's counsel and to discuss with him many of the issues that we confront here in the Middle East , " he added . iReport.com : A Saudi on Obama in Muslim land Obama leaves late Wednesday for Cairo , Egypt , where he is to address a mostly Muslim audience Thursday  6 a.m. ET  . His plans to improve America 's image among Muslims have been in the works since his first week in office . iReport.com : How can U.S. better relate to Muslims ? "  My job is to communicate the fact that the United States has a stake in the well-being of the Muslim world , that the language we use has to be a language of respect , " Obama said in a January interview with Al-Arabiya television network . "  I have Muslim members of my family . I have lived in Muslim countries . " When the White House announced the Mideast trip in May , spokesman Robert Gibbs described Egypt as "  a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world . " Gibbs deflected questions at his daily briefing about whether Egypt was a wise choice , given President Hosni Mubarak 's resistance to making his government more democratic . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , who talked to Egyptians in Cairo to gauge their sentiments , said most of the people were eagerly awaiting the president 's visit but said some were concerned that Obama , by making Egypt the focus of his trip , could legitimize Mubarak 's 28-year rule . These Egyptians said they feared Obama might not discuss with Mubarak long-sought problems such as the need for democracy and political reform . People are looking for something palpable and concrete , Wedeman said . They would like the United States to be more engaged in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , he said . Watch what Egyptians say they want to hear from Obama " "  What they want is results , not just words , " Wedeman said . There were visible preparations for Obama 's visit , he said . Many streets were repaved , and markets were selling T-shirts in his honor , with some reading : "  Obama : New Tutankhamen of the World . " In April , Obama chose Turkey , a more secular state , as the site of his first presidential speech to a Muslim majority nation . He told the Turkish legislature in Ankara that the "  United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright pointed to a common theme among the many conferences she has attended with Muslim speakers : "  When the Cold War ended , America needed an enemy to replace Communism and chose Islam . " In an op-ed Tuesday in The New York Times , Albright wrote , "  How else , they ask , to explain the two Gulf wars , Afghanistan , Guantnamo and the plight of the Palestinians ? "  To support their thesis , they cite the bellicose post-9 / 11 rhetoric of U.S. officials , the Western media 's preoccupation with Muslim extremists and the plethora of pundits who have identified Islam , especially ` political Islam , ' as the leading threat to civilization in the 21st century . " iReport : Are you concerned about the way Muslims have been portrayed in recent years ? Albright said , "  To most Americans , the idea that our country is attacking Islam or that we view the Islamic faith as an enemy is absurd . " She pointed out that in the 1990s , the U.S. twice led NATO into conflicts on behalf of Muslim populations -- first in Bosnia , then in Kosovo . Not long before Obama departed on his trip , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey suggested that more than two in five Americans , or 46 percent , have an unfavorable opinion of Muslim countries . That view is an increase of 5 percentage points from 2002 . Three in 10 Americans questioned said they had a neutral opinion . On Tuesday , Gibbs told reporters : "  I think what is important is that we demonstrate that the United States wants to pursue a different relationship and ensure that Muslims around the world understand the message of the United States . " He said , "  We have more in common than we have disagreement about , and I think that 's what he wants to ensure that the vast majority of the Muslim world hears . " Mideast expert Mamoun Fandy agrees with Egyptians who say Muslims want more than talk ; they want action . They want to hear "  that he is very serious about solving the Israeli-Arabian problem , that he is very serious about engaging the Muslim world on the basis of recognizing the equality , " Fandy said . After Egypt , Obama will visit the remains of the Buchenwald concentration camp in Dresden , Germany , on Friday . He then is scheduled to take part in D-Day ceremonies commemorating the 65th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy , France .	NEW : President Obama says U.S. , Saudi Arabia "  have a long history of friendship " Obama wants to repair U.S. image in Mideast , Muslim community President 's speech in Egypt will call for open dialogue with Muslims Middle East observer say Muslims want to see action from Obama
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican officials said they have identified two suspects in this week 's slayings of two Americans in northern Mexico . Mourners carry the coffin of Benjamin LeBaron , 32 , on Thursday in the Mexican state of Chihuahua . A security camera at a toll booth near the municipality of Galeana captured images of the suspects , Chihuahua state Attorney General Patricia Gonzalez Rodriguez said Thursday , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Gonzalez declined to name the suspects , other than to say they belong to a crime organization known as "  La Linea "  The Line  . The toll booth cameras show four trucks or sport utility vehicles in which 12 suspects were riding , she said . No arrests had been reported by Friday . Benjamin LeBaron , 32 , and his brother-in-law , Luis Widmar , who was in his mid-30s , were beaten and shot to death after armed men stormed into their home Tuesday morning in Galeana . Arturo Sandoval , a spokesman for the Chihuahua attorney general 's office , said earlier this week that a note was found on LeBaron 's body but he could not confirm the contents . Local media reported the note indicated the slayings were in retribution for the capture of 25 drug suspects in a nearby town . LeBaron 's younger brother , Eric , was kidnapped in May and returned unharmed a week later . The kidnapping prompted LeBaron to become a nationally recognized anti-crime activist who moved the local community to take a stand . "  There are no leaders here , or we are all leaders , " LeBaron 's brother Julian LeBaron told CNN affiliate KINT-TV in El Paso , Texas , this week . "  If they kill my brother , another three will take his place . And if they kill us , another hundred will take their place . We are not giving up . No way . " The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "  Community of LeBaron " in the municipality of Galeana , a township founded by ex-communicated Mormons . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	Gunmen killed Benjamin LeBaron and brother-in-law this week in northern Mexico Security camera at toll booth captured images of two suspects , news agency says No arrests have been reported in the Americans ' slayings Note reportedly found that says killings were retribution for drug arrests
CNN  -- Dawn DaLuise 's list of celebrity clients featured the Who 's Who of the entertainment industry , including Jennifer Aniston and Nicki Minaj . In a Los Angeles market where looks are everything , the self-proclaimed skin-care guru to the stars relished her title and guarded it zealously . So much so that when aesthetician Gabriel Suarez set up shop in the same building as hers , tension ensued , authorities said . Tension that led , police say , to a bizarre plot . DaLuise owned Skin Refinery in West Hollywood , which provided skin care products and treatments . She was arrested in March after she allegedly wanted to have Suarez , whom she considered a competitor , killed . "  I came in and I said ` Can I help you ? ' because she was in my office . And she said , ` Oh good , a Mexican that speaks English . ' And that hurt , " Suarez said . "  She wanted me out of the building . " The rivalry created by his new beauty salon called Smooth Cheeks morphed into a crime thriller filled with one twist after another . It had all the bizarre elements of a Hollywood shocker : sex solicitations , an alleged plot to kill and betrayal . Convinced that Suarez was not only ruining her popularity -- but that he was also allegedly posting raunchy Craigslist ads claiming she was seeking a man to fulfill her sexual fantasies -- DaLuise tried to hire a hit man to kill him , detectives said . "  The phrase was , at that point , in essence , to find somebody to take out a double-minority Mexican gay , " said Steve McCauley of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . But Suarez said he had nothing to do with the cyber postings . In a wild case of betrayal , it later came to light that it was n't Suarez posting the Craigslist ads . Authorities said it was DaLuise 's good friend , Edward Feinstein , who now faces charges in a separate prosecution . Her friend was creating drama so he could be the one who stepped in and saved her , Alexis Tereszcuk of Radar Online told HLN earlier this year . The online entertainment magazine broke most of the developments in the story . Police said Feinstein , who was their informant , is also linked to the case in other ways . He is also the man DaLuise texted to tell that she hired a hit man to take out her business rival . Her text to Feinstein read : "  I found someone who is going to take Gabriel out . His name is Chris Geile , and he 's an ex-Detroit Lion quarterback , " prosecutors said . But DaLuise 's lawyer said that it was not a plot to kill . "  You will see that she was venting to family , she was venting to friends , " said Jamon Hicks , her attorney . "  This was not a case she was trying to solicit someone to murder . " Geile said the accusation stunned him because he hardly knew DaLuise and had only met her briefly at a pub in Big Bear , California . "  I want to clear my name because the mental anguish I 've suffered is far more than any football injury I 've ever had , " Geile said . DaLuise has pleaded not guilty and says she wants to clear her name as well . "  She 's the victim of a stalker who posted fake Craigslist ads claiming she had a rape fantasy , " Hicks said . DaLuise will be arraigned Monday on solicitation of murder charges . Her attorney says she plans to plead not guilty again .	Dawn DaLuise owned Skin Refinery in West Hollywood She was arrested in March after an alleged murder-for-hire plot It was aimed at a man whom she considered a competitor
Beijing  CNN  -- Microsoft is investigating a report that workers at a Chinese plant that manufactures its Xbox game systems have threatened mass suicide in a pay dispute , according to a statement by the company 's Hong Kong office . "  Microsoft takes working conditions in the factories that manufacture its products very seriously , and we are currently investigating this issue , " the statement said . CNN has not been able to confirm the full details of the dispute , but Foxconn , the plant owner , and Microsoft did respond to inquiries . The Chinese contractor acknowledged in a statement Thursday that 150 workers had protested at its Wuhan factory on January 4 . The incident , the company said , stemmed from a decision to transfer all employees to an alternate production line . And though it was later resolved "  successfully and peacefully , " 45 workers have since chosen to resign . "  The welfare of our employees is our top priority and we are committed to ensuring that all employees are treated fairly and that their rights are fully protected , " the company statement said . Foxconn produces brand-name electronics for companies such as Microsoft and Apple . A Microsoft spokeswoman later added that the controversy was derived from employee grievances in "  staffing assignments and transfer policies , not working conditions . " Overheard : U.S. too dependent on foreign manufacturing Foxconn apparently offered disgruntled workers the option to transfer or resign , whereby they would receive "  all salary and bonuses due , according to length of service , " said a Microsoft spokeswoman . "  After the protest , the majority of workers chose to return to work . A smaller portion of those employees elected to resign , " the statement said . Foxconn raised workers ' pay twice at its factory in Shenzhen in 2010 after a spate of suicides , Chinese state media reported at the time . "  We have a stringent Vendor Code of Conduct that spells out our expectations , and we monitor working conditions closely on an ongoing basis and address issues as they emerge , " Microsoft 's statement added . "  Microsoft is committed to the fair treatment and safety of workers employed by our vendors and to ensuring conformance with Microsoft policy . " After the 2010 suicides at Foxconn , the company said it was taking measures to improve workers ' lives , including organizing recreational activities , calling in Buddhist monks to offer spiritual consolation and setting up a 24-hour help line . Foxconn , one of the world 's top electronics manufacturers , also makes products for companies such as Dell , Hewlett Packard and Sony . It employed at estimated 800,000 employees in China in October 2010 .	NEW : 150 workers had protested at its Wuhan factory on January 4 , Foxconn reports NEW : 45 workers have since chosen to resign Foxconn raised worker pay after a spate of suicides in 2010 , Chinese media reported Foxconn 's China factories make electronics for Microsoft , Apple and other brands
CNN  Sen. Harry 's Reid 's perfunctory announcement on Friday that he wo n't seek re-election next year -- leaving a vacancy for leadership of the Senate Democrats -- was followed , hours later , by a matter-of-fact statement in an interview with The Washington Post : "  I think Schumer should be able to succeed me . " That would usher in a whirlwind of activity on Capitol Hill in the next year as New York 's senior senator prepares to seize the reins of power -- and retool the party as a center-left powerhouse that can win and hold a majority in 2016 and beyond . Left-leaning activists have begun scrambling to block Chuck Schumer 's rise . The progressive organization Democracy for America is calling for Sen. Elizabeth Warren to seek the leadership post , and the left-leaning Daily Kos website is circulating a poll seeking other challengers and denouncing Schumer as too close to the "  Wall Street wing " of the Democratic Party . With more than a year to go before Senate Democrats will choose a new leader , anything can happen . But after watching Schumer in action for more than 20 years , I 'd be surprised if he gets outsmarted in a political moment he has literally been working for a generation to create . With more than $ 13.4 million on hand in his campaign coffers , Schumer has more money than all but one member of the Senate -- and is the only Democrat in the top 10 in that category . He ran the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee when it took the majority in 2006 -- and while Democrats lost the majority during his second stint in the job in 2012 , the field looks far more promising for them in 2016 : Republicans must defend 24 seats , while Democrats need to protect only 10 . Schumer brings an extraordinary level of personal political skill to the leadership fight . Even among the 100-member Senate -- home to a great many ambitious politicians with big egos -- Schumer has long operated at a high-octane level of smarts and media-savvy brashness that impress and occasionally startle his colleagues . Republican Bob Dole , a longtime lion of the Senate , once quipped that the most dangerous place to be in the Capitol is between Schumer and a television camera . The joke stuck -- but behind the gag is a sign of grudging respect for a man who excels at the basic block-and-tackle necessities of political life . Schumer is attuned to television and radio  growing up in the world 's media capital will do that  . In fact , he popularized a practice of holding press conferences on Sunday , a slow news day guaranteed to draw reporters -- and ensure him prominent placement in the Monday newspapers . But he is also a consummate street politician : At 64 , he maintains a habit of biking around New York City neighborhoods without fanfare or an entourage , quietly noting local problems and occasionally inviting himself into a block party or parade . When a reporter once casually asked him to name all 62 counties of New York state , Schumer did her one better , and hand-sketched a map of the state with all the counties filled in .  He visits every county in the state every year . Schumer is n't the only politically ambitious kid from Brooklyn -- before attending Harvard , he graduated from a public school , James Madison High , whose alumni include Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sen. Bernie Sanders and ex-Sen . Norm Coleman of Minnesota  a childhood pal of Schumer 's  . But Schumer 's political climb been a long-term work in progress . He emerged on the national stage as a prime sponsor of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 , a law that banned assault weapons ; in the run-up to the final vote , New Yorkers practically could n't turn on television without seeing Schumer , then a congressman , on the floor of the House , waving a rifle over his head as he argued for the ban . The higher profile served him well a few years later , when Schumer took on -- and defeated -- three-term incumbent Sen. Alfonse D'Amato . As a senator on the rise , Schumer attracted politically ambitious staffers who moved on to high-profile positions where they can help their former mentor . A very partial list of those includes Howard Wolfson , Phil Singer and Blake Zeff , who went on to help run Hillary Clinton 's 2008 campaign ; Ben Lawsky , who is now shaking up the world of finance as New York 's top banking regulator ; Preet Bharara , who has become an anti-corruption powerhouse as a U.S. attorney ; and Rodney Capel , who is executive director of the state 's Democratic Party . With allies , money and the blessing of Reid , Schumer is in a prime position to implement the ideas contained in his important and overlooked 2007 book , "  Positively American , " which lays out a vision for how Democrats should lead America . Like Schumer himself , the book is savvy , hopeful and politically attuned to the desires of middle-class voters . Those who wonder what a Schumer Senate leadership would look like should take a look as Democrats prepare for what could well be the start of the Schumer era on Capitol Hill .	Harry Reid wants Chuck Schumer to succeed him as Senate minority leader Errol Louis : But some on left want to block Schumer 's rise to leadership post Louis says Schumer is tuned into middle-class voters , could create new Democratic era
San Diego , California  CNN  Political attacks have really gone to the dogs . They used to have more style and substance . It was considered bad form to just weave an attack out of whole cloth , counting on the fact that the mark was so despised by a segment of society that people would be anxious to believe the worst . It used to be that when you wanted to sling mud at someone whose politics you did n't agree with -- chiefly as a way of making them look bad and yourself look good by comparison -- you 'd try to dig up dirt , find a skeleton in a closet or challenge the person 's integrity . These days , you do n't have to work that hard . The whole process is do-it-yourself . You just go to Facebook and see what embarrassing family photos can be linked to the person you intend to slime . The target does n't even have to be in the photo . Just the fact that they posted it , or thought it was humorous , or in any way condoned the act is good enough . In our narcissistic look-at-me-and-mine culture , social media networks are veritable treasure chests of blunders , blushes and blemishes . Even with our best efforts to use these sites to showcase our best features , there is plenty of embarrassment to go around . Once you find the photos , you do a little cut and paste . Then you can scribble a few sentences about how shocked -- shocked ! -- you are that people could behave in such a manner . Be sure to include a line from the head of some nonprofit that raises funds by advancing the idea that , without a group like theirs , our entire society would be in dire straits . If you 're attacking someone on the left , you might hunt around on social media for a photo where they 're not wearing a flag pin and accuse them of being unpatriotic . If you 're trying to smear someone on the right , you can fall back on the old standby and accuse them of being uncaring . How uncaring ? Enough to use a dog as a food stool . The offender in question is 6-year-old Trig Palin , who became an instant target of supposedly tolerant liberals when he wound up being born to mother Sarah , one of the most popular political figures for conservatives and a constant thorn in the side of liberals . This time , what put Trig in the liberal 's version of "  timeout " is a photo on his mom 's Facebook page of him standing barefoot on his new pet dog -- a black labrador oddly named Jill Hadassah -- so he could reach the kitchen sink and wash his dish . The liberal organization , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , was not amused . PETA blasted Palin in a statement , calling her "  hard-hearted " and "  bizarrely callous . " The statement read , "  It 's odd that anyone -- let alone a mother -- would find it appropriate to post such a thing , with no apparent sympathy for the dog in the photo . " You know who deserves sympathy ? The journalists who got that statement and had to whip up a story based on faux outrage . Palin struck back by zeroing in with the real reason that groups like PETA have lost influence and credibility : the double standard they employ , denouncing certain behavior by the people they oppose while excusing the same behavior by people they support . Where was the organization last year , she asked , when the liberal talk show hosted by Ellen DeGeneres , posted a similar photo of a girl standing on a dog ? Back then , PETA was AWOL . She is right about the double standard . And I admire her spunk . In a world of politicians and even former politicians who are so careful about what they say and do that they do n't say or do anything , Palin unplugged is a refreshing exception . There is more to the story . According to media reports , the canine is a service dog that was trained to care for Trig , who has Down syndrome . The little guy does n't just need special care . It seems that he also needs constant protection -- from liberals who hate his mommy . Trig was first targeted by the left in February 2010 , when he was just shy of 2 years old . That 's when Seth MacFarlane , creator of the Fox animated comedy , "  Family Guy , " thought it would be a hoot to air an episode that demolished all the preaching that liberals have done over the years about tolerance and the importance of defending those with special needs . In the episode , the character Chris is dating a teenage girl with Down syndrome , and when he asks her what her parents do , she says , "  My dad 's an accountant , and my mom is the former governor of Alaska . " David Tolleson , head of the Atlanta-based National Down Syndrome Congress , called the gag "  hurtful and stereotypical . " And Palin 's daughter Bristol wrote on her mom 's Facebook page that the joke was especially cruel given that her brother already faces a life filled with intolerance and prejudice . On the defensive , MacFarlane claimed at the time that he was "  an equal opportunity offender . " Sure . In 2008 , the comedian had spoken at an Obama-Biden rally at a university in Ohio , where he took potshots at Republicans and touted the Democratic ticket . As all this unfolded , we learned -- thanks to Trig -- a valuable lesson about how the tolerant left has a much stronger stomach for intolerance if its aimed at one of its enemies . Now the little guy is at it again , teaching us that liberals are creative enough to make smears out of thin air . In a perfect world , I 'd prefer that children not mistake their household pets for a step ladder . But whatever else can be said about the world that Trig Palin is likely to face in the years to come , this much we know : It wo n't be perfect .	PETA criticized posting of photo of Sarah Palin 's child standing on a dog Ruben Navarrette : Animal rights groups targeted Palin unfairly
CNN  -- If you 've thrown a birthday party recently , you might have personally experienced the shortages or price hikes intermittently hitting the helium market . Unfortunately , balloon customers are not the only ones being affected . Many helium users , from scientists to manufacturers in a number of industries , have experienced the negative impact of helium shortages and rising prices . If steps are n't taken to develop and put into place a long-term strategy for managing this valuable and non-renewable resource , things can get worse . Everyone has benefited , to some degree , from research made possible by liquid helium . Cell phones , iPads and laptops are possible because of experiments enabled by liquid helium . In the medical world , magnetic resonance imaging  MRI  is but one example of a host of diagnostic and treatment tools that exist only as a result of groundbreaking experiments carried out by using helium . In fact , the strong and extremely stable magnetic field that MRI devices require to work is accomplished by immersing powerful superconducting magnets inside liquid helium . Manufacturers of fiber optics cable and semiconductors used in electronic components rely on helium . And these are just a few examples of the importance of helium . Those who are particularly hard hit are members of the scientific community . An interruption in helium supply can cause weeks or even months of work to become useless . For many of these researchers , helium costs are a significant fraction of their operating budgets . The large increases in helium prices that they have experienced over the last few years have placed them in a tight financial bind . Opinion : Do n't deflate the party So , is there anything that can be done ? One of the main causes of the current shortage is the nature of the helium market itself . Helium , unlike most other gases , is a minor byproduct in the production of natural gas . Those fissures and crevices that have trapped natural gas below the Earth 's surface are also capable of trapping helium , although typically in small amounts . It takes a certain minimum level of helium concentration to make it economically viable to separate out the helium from the natural gas . As a consequence , out of the thousands of sources of natural gas that exist , only 14 are being processed for their helium content . And when more than a few of those helium sources are shut down for maintenance and repair , as they have been over the last few months , helium shortages can occur . Decades ago , the U.S. established the Federal Helium Reserve to provide a readily available supply of helium for defense , space , and scientific research needs . The reserve , located in the Texas panhandle , is the only long-term substantial storage source for helium in the world . In the 1960s and 1970s , the U.S. bought and stored significant amounts of helium there . In 1996 , Congress directed the Bureau of Land Management , the agency in charge of the Reserve , to sell off helium in order to recoup some of the costs associated with its purchase . Under current law , those sales are to be completed by the beginning of 2015 , less than two years away . Right now , the helium being sold by BLM accounts for more than 30 % of the helium sold worldwide . Once BLM ends its sales of helium as required by current law , the impact on the availability and price for helium is expected to be significant . At the request of BLM , the National Research Council studied these issues and made recommendations , including a series of steps to help properly manage the helium reserve for the long term , strategies to protect the most vulnerable of users such as scientists , and ways to develop and implement a plan to protect this very important resource . The time is ripe to update the nation 's policies and programs for managing helium . If it 's done right , our children will continue to be able to celebrate their birthdays with balloons , and grow up to develop critical new technologies that they 'll need to prosper in the next century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Moses Chan and Jim Lancaster .	Moses Chan , Jim Lancaster : Everyone has benefited from research involving helium Chan , Lancaster : We need a long-term strategy for managing this valuable resource They say the scientific community in particular has been hard hit by helium shortages Chan , Lancaster : The time is ripe to update the nation 's policies for managing helium
CNN  -- Family members of thousands of Colombians who were killed or who disappeared are suing Chiquita Brands International , alleging the produce company is liable because of its payments to paramilitaries . "  We 're holding them accountable , " said Paul Wolf , a Washington-based attorney who is handling cases for family members of more than 2,000 victims . Chiquita counters their claims and says the lawsuits should be dismissed . The company , which had more than 200 banana farms in Colombia before selling them in 2004 , argues that it was a victim of extortion and has no responsibility for any crimes armed groups committed . A federal judge in Florida is weighing whether the lawsuits , which constitute more than 4,000 claims against Chiquita , will go to trial . In 2007 , Chiquita pleaded guilty and paid a $ 25 million fine for violating U.S. antiterrorism laws when it provided payments to the right-wing paramilitary United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , known as the AUC . But family members and representatives of people killed by paramilitaries say the criminal case settlement was n't enough . "  This is a something entirely distinct , the reparations that  Chiquita  must make for the victims that suffered the consequences of the armed groups , " said Ivan Cepeda , a Colombian lawmaker and victims ' advocate . Chiquita spokesman Ed Loyd said the civil lawsuits are "  entirely without merit . " "  Chiquita gave in to the extortion demands only to protect its employees from being kidnapped and killed , " he said in a written statement . "  Once the company became aware that these payments could potentially violate U.S. law , the company voluntarily disclosed the facts to the government and cooperated fully with the government 's investigation . " The lawsuits , however , allege that the company knew it was funding terrorism . A lawsuit Wolf filed on behalf family members of 677 victims in March alleged that Chiquita officials "  were aware that their acts and omissions assisted in the violations of international law " and "  acted willfully , wantonly and recklessly , with the intent to aid the terrorist acts of the AUC . " Under the guise of protecting the Colombian public from leftist rebel groups , the AUC committed numerous human rights abuses , according to the U.S. State Department and Human Rights Watch . The abuses included "  the massacre of hundreds of civilians , the forced displacement of entire villages and the kidnapping of political figures to force recognition of AUC demands , " then-U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said in 2001 , when he designated the group a terrorist organization . In their criminal case , federal prosecutors accused the Cincinnati-based company of paying more than $ 1.7 million to the AUC in two parts of Colombia where the company grew bananas . As part of those proceedings , Chiquita acknowledged that it had also made payments to the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- known as the FARC -- from 1989 to at least 1997 . At least one pending lawsuit -- also filed by Wolf -- seeks damages from Chiquita for hundreds of killings and disappearances related to the FARC . It is unclear when U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra will rule on whether the cases will go to trial , Wolf said . In a motion filed this month asking the judge to dismiss the lawsuits , Chiquita argued that the suits did not show any connection between Chiquita and violence in Colombia "  apart from the one fact that Chiquita has admitted -- that it authorized its Colombian subsidiary to accede to the extortion demands of right-wing and left-wing armed groups in Colombia in order to prevent retaliation against its employees . " If the lawsuits go to trial , Wolf said it is impossible to estimate the damages that could be awarded , but he said he hopes it will be a large figure that stops similar situations from occurring in the future . "  These kinds of lawsuits raise the price-tag for them  Chiquita  . These are not completely powerless people who if they 're killed , it does n't matter , and nobody can do anything about it , " Wolf said . "  It does matter , because they can sue for billions of dollars . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Chiquita says it was a victim of extortion and argues the cases should be dismissed "  We 're holding them accountable , " an attorney for victims ' families says A U.S. federal judge is weighing whether the lawsuits will go to trial Chiquita pleaded guilty in 2007 and paid a $ 25 million fine for paramilitary payments
London  CNN  -- In a room which once served as the residence of the painter Monet at London 's Savoy Hotel , one of rock 's most engaging and enduring entertainers is having a little trouble recovering his hearing . Visibly though , Iggy Pop shows no after-effects from last night 's gig at the city 's Festival Hall . At 66 he looks in great shape -- yet a glance at his hell-raising musical resume tells you it 's a wonder he 's here at all . The early reviews of the show at London 's Meltdown Festival  curated this year by Yoko Ono  speak of his boundless , youthful energy as he bounds on to the stage like a jack-in-the box who 's just escaped the confines of the toy cupboard , cajoling , teasing and captivating his audience with the skills of the consummate showman . "  There 's a lot of craft , " he says . "  Everything from learning the different parts of the room to reading the reactions to ultimately . You 're like a funnel or a vacuum cleaner . You 're a transformer between all the energy of the group and its music and the different energies of all the people in the different parts of the room . What 's really happening when it 's good is that everybody 's flowing into each other 's presence , maybe through the medium of a particular riff or a particular chorus but also a monkey -- a well-rehearsed monkey , " he laughs . Read more : Foo Fighters drummer will play Iggy Pop Pop 's monkey business has revealed itself in various forms of bad behavior on stage over the years . Among the less notorious antics , are his trademark topless performance and an affinity to stage-dive into his audience . "  The first time I did it I was 21 years-old and I was opening for Frank Zappa who was great and we were just a local band in a psychedelic bar room , " he recalls . In those days , he tells me , they would be lucky to get a sympathy fee of $ 50 . "  But we were cute kids and we got to play with everybody and I thought it was my job to make sure that when we played no-one forgot about us . I did that thing that little kids do when they 're not getting enough attention from their parents , they just fall forward and wait for maybe somebody to catch 'em . And I would just step off the stage and inspect the audience . " Forty-five years later and he 's still at it . "  Last year I did a couple of big dives and I got a couple of stitches because I always overdo it . And at this stage I just fall in once in a while and say "  Hi " and it 's fine -- just a gentle collapse is okay ! " But some things have changed since those early days : the after-show party today is an altogether calmer affair , in the company of his third wife Nina Alu , a nice bottle of Bordeaux and "  lots of desserts . " "  And someone will draw my bath and sleep will come hard . There 's some element I do with The Stooges ... the hardcore stuff . It 's a bit like being a prize fighter , there 's a lot of nervous energy and you wake up sore . " Pop is currently touring Europe with The Stooges , having recorded "  Ready to Die " -- only their fifth album in 45 years . His parents named him James Osterberg Junior but playing in a band called The Iguanas led to the nickname "  Iggy " and an apparent similarity to a local character named "  Pop " provided the rest . In the early days , he says , he became known as "  The Man You Love To Hate " and today he 's most commonly billed as the "  Godfather of Punk " -- a term with which he 's uncomfortable . "  At first it was just a really embarrassing tag and then it got to be funny and then I just gave up . I 've been called lots of things and it 's nice to have lots of titles . I 'm waiting for Nobel laureate -- no-one 's nominating me so I 'm putting it out there . " Pop 's musical career has been supplemented by a long association with movies both as an actor and musician . Tracks such as "  The Passenger , " "  Lust for Life , " "  Search and Destroy " and "  I Wan na Be Your Dog " have appeared on the soundtracks to almost 150 movies and TV series . This summer he 'll be played by Foo Fighters ' drummer Taylor Hawkins in the film "  CBGB , " about the legendary New York music club frequented by the likes of The Ramones , Blondie and Patti Smith . But an unexpected acting connection revealed itself during Pop 's visit to London . "  Harry Potter " star Daniel Radcliffe has confessed to being a huge fan of Iggy and was reported as saying that playing his idol on screen was his ultimate dream . Pop tells me Radcliffe attended last night 's gig and the singer seems delighted to be reaching a new generations of fans . "  I think it would be great if everybody played me , " he says . "  Yeah , come on kid play me ! I think it 's wonderful it 's a gift that anyone would think of me . " However there 's one actor in particular with whom Iggy Pop has developed a strong musical bond and friendship -- although it did n't start out that way . "  Johnny Depp was in a couple of bands in the Florida area -- I think Rocky City Angels and The Kids -- and apparently once when I was in my wildest phase I played in Gainesville . He came to the club , he tells me he tried to meet me and tell me about his band and I said : ` Shut up you little turd ' . " Happily , the relationship survived this first awkward encounter . "  Since then we 've played and we 've jammed on and off . He 's a very sensitive guitarist , he has a really nice intonation , attack and a really nice sense of music . And we recorded one thing together years ago called ` Hollywood Affair ' and we played once on French telly . " Fans of both Depp and Pop have a chance to hear their latest collaboration on the soundtrack of Depp 's new film "  The Lone Ranger "  Depp plays the masked lawman 's native American character Tonto  with a rendition of the traditional Gold Rush-era song "  Sweet Betsy from Pike . " "  He called up about this and I think it was late in the game and he did n't have a great cut and with about two weeks to go he said : ` Come on , we got ta get this together so choose a song . ' So I tried writing something but it 's not my style and ` Sweet Betsy ' is just a great great great song and he plays beautifully on it . I just had a great time doing that . " With close friends David Bowie and Lou Reed continuing to stir up the music business and contemporaries The Rolling Stones reaching new musical milestones , Pop remains one of rock 's great survivors . "  What 's interesting is that for people of our generation that matured in the 1960s , people still seem to be interested . I got to think there was some sorta bump in the quality in that period '65 -- ' 75 . It 's pretty much a given that a decent , or better than decent , musician or songwriter is gon na keep doing it in some way throughout their life . "	Iggy Pop is touring Europe with his band The Stooges It follows the completion of only their fifth album in 45 years Early reviews speak of the 65 year-old 's boundless energy
CNN  -- Democracy campaigners in Bahrain and politicians around the world are calling for this Sunday 's Formula 1 race in the Gulf state to be canceled as violent clashes continue between activists and authorities . What are the issues around the controversy , and how are the sport and its fans reacting ? Why are there calls for this weekend 's Grand Prix in Bahrain to be scrapped ? Opposition groups in Bahrain as well as politicians , rights groups and many F1 fans around the world want Sunday 's Grand Prix -- which could be watched by a global audience of more than 500 million -- to be canceled while the Gulf state braces itself for more violent demonstrations after months of political unrest . Protesters see the race as a publicity stunt by the country 's rulers to make the nation seem more unified than it actually is . The Bahrain Grand Prix was canceled last year amid a Shiite-led uprising against the Sunni monarchy and a government crackdown in which dozens were killed and hundreds detained . Nabeel Rajab , an opposition protester , said the demonstrators were not against the Formula One race itself . "  We are just against the government or the oppressive ruling elite using that as PR , " Rajab said . In Britain , where many F1 teams are based , opposition leader Ed Miliband said : "  Sport and politics generally should n't mix , but ... what kind of signal does it send to the world when this grand prix is going ahead , given the concerns there are , given the violence we have seen in Bahrain , given the continuing issues around human rights ? "  I do n't think it 's the right decision to let this grand prix go ahead and I think the government needs to weigh in and express its view . " And opposition politician Yvette Cooper urged British F1 stars Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton to pull out of the race . "  It should n't go ahead , I do n't think British drivers should go . I think the Formula 1 should not go ahead in Bahrain , " Cooper told the BBC . But UK Prime Minister David Cameron refused to join the calls , insisting it was a matter for the F1 authorities whether the race went ahead . "  It is important that peaceful protests are allowed to go ahead , " he said . Why are protests now taking place in Bahrain ? Shiite opposition groups in the Sunni-ruled kingdom say they want equality , and have posted calls on social networking sites for daily protests during the Grand Prix weekend , to focus media attention on their demands . The government has sought to ban protests in the capital Manama but that has failed to prevent violent clashes in the capital between demonstrators and authorities , who are accused of heavy-handed tactics . The government has condemned violence on all sides -- saying that any police officers found guilty of heavy-handed tactics would be held to account and that protesters should behave in a civil manner as well . An Amnesty International report this week says promised reforms in Bahrain are inadequate and fail to provide justice for victims of human rights violations . Protesters are also demanding the release of jailed activist Abdulhadi al-Khawaja , who has been on hunger strike for more than 70 days . Al-Khawaja , 52 , was arrested in April 2011 for his role in anti-government protests that began a month earlier with demands for political reform and greater freedoms for Shiites . In June , Bahrain found him and seven other Shiite opposition activists guilty of plotting to overthrow the country 's royal family . The government also stands accused of punishing its own national sporting heroes and accusing them of being traitors . International and local human rights groups say three players in the Bahraini national soccer squad were arrested last year , along with more than 150 sportsmen , women and administrators . It is unclear how many remain in jail . The authorities maintain they were part of illegal , violent protests . Could protesters disrupt the race or threaten spectators ? This is the big question . Protesters have vowed to protest near the Sakhir circuit , which is about 25 miles  40 kilometers  from Manama , but witnesses there say there is a heavy police presence on the road between the track and the airport . The unrest makes hosting the race precarious because the racers must pass through some areas where clashes have occurred to get to the circuit , which is in the desert . On Thursday protesters burned tyres , briefly blocking several main roads leading to Sakhir . A Molotov cocktail exploded late Wednesday near a car carrying members of one F1 team , Force India , during clashes between protesters and security forces . No one was reported injured in the incident . The incident prompted a team member and a contractor to return home despite reassurances by officials that Bahrain is safe . Bahrain has refused to extend visas of non-sports reporting crews from CNN and other news organizations , saying they can not stay for the race . What do F1 drivers and the sport 's governing body say ? Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , decided last week the race should go ahead , after weeks of speculation . The governing body said its president traveled to Bahrain in November and met "  decision-makers and opinion formers , including elected Shiite members of parliament . All expressed their wish for the Grand Prix to go ahead in 2012 , " it said . Drivers have attempted to distance themselves from the violence . Romain Grosjean of France-based Team Lotus said his team was preparing for the event "  as well as we can . " "  As you say , we ca n't ignore the situation . But in another way , I hope the race may make a clear vision and help the situation and I think the Grand Prix will be nice , " he told reporters in Bahrain . Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel brushed off any concerns about safety , saying : "  I heard about the issue at Force India . "  Generally in the paddock  staging area for the cars  it seems to be no problem , " he told the Press Association . "  Outside of the paddock maybe there is a risk , but I think there is a risk everywhere we go . " Seven-times title winner Michael Schumacher initially insisted he did not want to get involved before saying : "  I just want to say one thing which is I do n't want to mix the sport with politics . I 'm here for the sport . " How much is the race worth to Bahrain and to F1 itself ? Bahrain pays $ 64 million to host the Grand Prix but the island kingdom it is estimated to receive several times that amount -- up to $ 800 million -- from tourism and other economic benefits . Of more importance is the issue of prestige that the race could bring . "  Bahrain is no different from the other Persian Gulf states in using high profile sporting events like tennis and golf tournaments to raise their own international prestige , " James Montague , a journalist who has written about sport in the Middle East and is the author of "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone , " told CNN . "  Qatar winning the bid to host the 2022 World Cup finals is a case in point . The F1 grand prix has been instrumental in raising Bahrain 's international profile far higher than a small island with a population of around 1 million people could expect . "  The idea that sport and politics should be separated is worse than a myth . It 's disingenuous . The royal family of Bahrain secured the F1 GP with wider economic and political aims in mind . They are even promoting the race within Bahrain as a potentially unifying force for the kingdom . They say that politics has no role in sport but separating sport from the political realities of any society is as impossible as separating politics and art , or music . " Have there been protests against F1 races held in other countries accused of human rights abuses ? No . Last week 's race in China took place without any calls for it to be cancelled despite concerns about human rights in that country . The same could be said for races in Russia and Singapore . The only serious protests in the history of Formula One -- a multi-billion dollar sport and industry -- were before the South Africa Grand Prix at Kayalami in 1985 against the apartheid regime . Despite a boycott of South African teams in other leading sports at the time , the event still took place , but was cancelled the following year and only resumed in 1992 . How have F1 fans reacted ? Many fans of the sport have reacted with disgust , with countless posts on Twitter saying that they would refuse to even watch the race on television in protest . Ed Foster , a writer for British magazine Motorsport , told CNN : "  We did a poll on our website recently and the response was instant . We simply wrote ` Should F1 go to Bahrain ? Yes or no ? ' and hundreds of people got back to us straight away . "  I think only one said that we should . It 's pretty clear speaking to people that a lot of the fans have decided to not watch the race out of principle . " It remains unclear how F1 fans will react to calls to boycott the race -- either at the track or watching on TV . But one news agency , the UK 's Press Association , reported there were few spectators in the main grandstand at Sakhir to watch Friday 's practice session .	Democracy campaigners in Bahrain want Sunday 's F1 race in the Gulf state to be canceled Protesters see race as publicity stunt by country 's rulers to make nation seem more unified Shiite opposition groups in the Sunni-ruled kingdom want equality and human rights reforms Motorsport 's governing body say race should go ahead ; drivers brush off safety concerns
CNN  -- Zambia coach Herve Renard has dedicated the country 's first Africa Cup of Nations title to former player Kalusha Bwalya , who escaped a plane crash that killed the squad of 1993 . Bwalya , regarded as one of Zambia 's greatest players , is also head of the country 's soccer federation . He was in the Gabonese capital Libreville to see the Copper Bullets beat Ivory Coast 8-7 on penalties in Sunday 's final . It was in the same city 19 years ago that Zambia 's coach and 18 players were killed in a plane crash on their way to Senegal for a World Cup qualifying match . Bwalya survived as he traveled to Dakar to meet up with the squad from his base in Europe , where he played for Dutch club PSV Eindhoven . Zambia win maiden Africa Cup of Nations title Renard was Zambia coach between 2008 and 2010 before leaving to coach Angola , but Bwalya offered him a second stint last year . "  He is the best Zambian player of the last century and he escaped the plane crash , " Renard was quoted as saying on the Confederation of Africa 's official website . "  He was criticized for giving me the second chance . I dedicate the victory to him because he gave me the opportunity to coach . "  We wanted to honor the dead players and that strengthened us . Our first game was against Senegal and the team was on its way to Senegal for a match when the plane crashed . "  The plane crashed in Gabon and we won the final in Gabon . It is a sign of destiny . " In a dramatic final , Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba missed a penalty before the game was decided by a tense shootout , with Stoppila Sunzu striking the decisive blow . Zambia striker Collins Mbesuma added : "  I also believe the departed Zambian team of 1993 was with us in this final match . "  When Drogba missed the penalty l just knew it that it was our night , the departed were making sure the Ivorians would not score . " The Zambian squad flew back to the country 's capital Lusaka on Monday to be greeted by thousands of cheering fans .	Africa Cup of Nations champions Zambia dedicate victory to former player Kalusha Bwalya Bwalya escaped 1993 plane crash that killed 30 people including 18 Zambian players Zambia beat Ivory Coast in penalty shootout to claim first ever Cup of Nations title Sunday
Rolling Stone  -- Last night , Lady Gaga 's "  Born This Way "  out Monday  leaked online . The contents of the disc have n't been a total mystery -- Gaga 's released four singles from the album , her third , since February , and has performed other songs from it in concert -- but she still managed to pack in some surprises . Here , Rolling Stone senior critic Jody Rosen goes through the album song by song . "  Marry the Night " -- It begins big , with Gaga belting "  I 'm gon na marry the night/I wo n't give up on my life " over tolling , church-like synths . And it just gets bigger . And bigger . And bigger still . The chorus arrives in an eruption of drums and power chords ; there 's a pummeling funk-rock breakdown ; and the touchstones are Eighties arena pop and hair metal : Pat Benatar , Bonnie Tyler , Bon Jovi . "  Born This Way " -- Yeah , yeah : it 's an "  Express Yourself " bite . And yes : you 've heard the song 700 hundred times in the last month . But Gaga 's big hit sounds different in the context of the album that shares its name : like an experiment in the audacious plus-sizing of Eighties dance-pop . "  Government Hooker " -- The requisite "  kinky " song -- though what exactly Gaga is saying here is n't clear : "  I 'll be your hooker/Government hooker , " "  I could be Mom/Unless you want to be Dad . " But the techno-pop production , by DJ White Shadow , is gripping : a shape-shifting assemblage of buzzes , beeps and clattering beats . Choice couplet : "  Put your hands on me/John F. Kennedy . " "  Judas " -- "  Wear an ear condom " next time , Gaga sings in a track with one of the catchiest choruses on an album devoted to catchy choruses above all . Gagaologists will spend years pouring over the runes of that rapped bridge .  "  But in the cultural sense/I just speak in future tense , " etc.  The rest of us will be busy dancing to Red One 's walloping production .  Watch the video . "  Americano " -- The campiest song Gaga 's recorded yet , which is saying something . A disco-fied showtune with a pronounced "  Latin " - flavor , complete with flamenco guitars and castanets . Possibly about a star-crossed lesbian romance . Definitely set in East Los Angeles . Completely hilarious . "  Hair " -- Gaga is not the first songwriter to link self-esteem and liberation to free-flowing coiffure .  Remember that rock musical called , um , "  Hair " ? Remember "  Whip My Hair " ?  But she 's definitely the most committed . "  I am my hair ! " she cries . Red One supplies the gale force hair-tousling synths . "  Scheie " -- Gaga speaks a little German and intones some inspirational platitudes alongside some generic Eurodisco thump and a wisp of a chorus . "  Bloody Mary " -- A sluggish tempo , goofy "  goth " atmospherics and a lyric that sounds like bad high school poetry : "  We are not just art for Michaelangelo to carve/He ca n't rewrite the agro of my furied heart . " "  Bad Kids " -- In which Gaga reminiscences about her misspent youth and croons an ode to juvenile delinquents , set to forgettable Eighties synth-pop . "  Highway Unicorn  Road to Love  " -- Gaga does her best Springsteen . Or is it Meatloaf ? "  Get your hot rods ready to rumble / 'Cause we 're gon na fall in love tonight/Get your hot rods ready to rumble / 'Cause we 're gon na drink until we die . " Sublime schlock , with the biggest , thuddingest drum sound you 've heard this century . "  Heavy Metal Lover " -- More smutty talk , set against a wall of fuzzy synthesizer sound . "  I want your whiskey mouth/All over my blond south , " Gaga commands . "  Electric Chapel " -- It earns its title with some heavy guitar riffing and a squealing metal solo towards the end . The lyric holds out hope for monogamous romance : "  Together we 'll find a way/To make pure love work in a dirty way . " "  You and I " -- Gaga 's signature power ballad -- a fan favorite since she first played it live in 2009 -- gets the treatment it merits . Produced by "  Mutt " Lange , guitar solo by Queen 's Brian May , with a torrid , sturm und drang vocal turn by Gaga . It 's a confession .  Gaga watchers speculate it 's about her on-again off-again boyfriend Luc Carl .  It 's also the greatest Def Leppard song Lady Gaga has ever written . "  The Edge of Glory " -- Those hooks ! That chorus ! That Clarence Clemons sax solo ! "  Born This Way " goes out in a blaze of shlock-pop glory .  Listen . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Americano " is a disco-fied showtune with a pronounced "  Latin " - flavor "  Bloody Mary " has a sluggish tempo and a lyric that sounds like bad high school poetry "  You and I " is Gaga 's signature power ballad -- a fan favorite since 2009
CNN  -- The annual sporting jamboree is the highlight of the social calendar for rugby fans who flock to the Hong Kong Stadium in their thousands . Fancy dress and beer-fueled boisterousness are the order of the day for many of the 40,000-strong crowd as a party atmosphere descends on the city for three days at the end of March . On the pitch , 28 teams will battle it out in a total of 71 matches with defending champions Fiji looking to repeat their recent success at the Japan Sevens .	Hong Kong provides the social showpiece of the HSBC Sevens World Series The rugby tournament has been running for four decades Fiji has won the title for the past two years
EW.com  -- NBC has ordered a second season of "  The Blacklist , " its hit drama that stars James Spader as a world-renowned terrorist . The Peacock picked up 22 more episodes of the series that ranks as No. 1 drama on the Big 4 nets in the 18-49 demo , averaging a 4.9 rating/13 share . It is the No. 2 scripted series on the Big 4 in the 18-49 demo , and the No. 1 new show in 18-49 and total viewers . "  The success of The Blacklist demonstrates that inspired storytelling is alive and well in broadcast television , and I 'm impressed on a daily basis by this creative team 's imagination and the extent to which they will go to capture this grand vision on film , " said NBC Chairman Bob Greenblatt in a statement . "  With gratitude to both our partners at Sony Pictures Television and our NBC development executives who took a great script and shepherded it into a great series , I hope that Red Reddington never runs out of names to bring down on his list ! " In historical context , NBC says The Blacklist is NBC 's most-watched new drama eight weeks into its run in 19 years  since Earth 2 in 1994  . The series also stars Megan Boone , Diego Klattenhoff , Harry Lennix , Ryan Eggold and Parminder Nagra . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Blacklist " has been picked up for a second season The series has been a successful one for NBC The Blacklist is NBC 's most-watched new drama eight weeks into its run
ROOSEVELT , New York  CNN  -- When Lisa Brown moved into her rental house on Long Island last summer with her three daughters , she says , it felt like a new beginning . Lisa Brown has to move out of her rental house because it is facing foreclosure After living in apartments , the spacious house got her attention immediately . "  It was bigger than what I had lived in , " she says . Brown was also won over by the neighborhood with its tidy homes and good school district . "  I wanted to come here , and I wanted to see my kids graduate from this school district . " But they hardly had a chance . Instead , fighting back tears , she says , "  I have to get out . " Brown and her family are being evicted not because of anything they did , but because her landlord defaulted on the mortgage and the house fell into foreclosure . The house was recently sold at auction . The bad news came just seven months after Brown had moved in . A real estate broker came to the door and handed her an eviction notice , telling her she had 30 days to vacate . "  I was hysterical , I was like , what do you mean ? " Watch Lisa Brown 's talk about why she has to move " The broker explained that the landlord no longer owns the property and that the lease was no longer valid . Brown had no idea the house was in foreclosure . As a tenant , she always paid her rent on time , and she assumed the rent was going toward the mortgage . "  I did n't see there was a problem , " she said . "  You know , I 'm paying rent , and she 's putting it toward her mortgage , I did n't see the problem . " Unfortunately , Brown is not the only tenant caught off guard . According to the Center for Housing Policy , nearly 20 percent of all foreclosures are on rental properties , and tenants ' rights in such situations are minimal . In most states , when a bank forecloses on a landlord , the tenant has no guarantee of being allowed to stay in the property , and neither the bank nor the landlord has a legal obligation to tell the tenant about the foreclosure . So while the owners know what 's going on , renters are usually kept in the dark . New York State Sen. Jeff Klein is aware that renters can run into problems . "  In many instances , they 're actually paying their rent on time , and the owner of the property who is in foreclosure is pocketing the money , " he says . Klein says rental properties are involved in 50 percent of all foreclosures in New York , and he is working on a law to warn renters of foreclosure proceedings ahead of time and to keep them from losing their security deposit and being evicted with nowhere to go . Similar laws are already in place in Ohio , Illinois , Minnesota , Maryland , Rhode Island , Michigan and California . "  What we 're facing here " , Klein says , "  is sort of the new homeless population unless we do something about it . " Brown was astonished to learn that her landlord rented her the house when she knew she was losing it . "  She knew that this house was foreclosing on her . She did nothing about it . Nothing , except take my money . " Brown was paying $ 1,900 a month in rent . She had also paid $ 5,700 for a security deposit and broker fees to secure the house . She says that money is gone . "  She will not give me my deposit back . Nothing . " CNN tried to reach the owner , who lives upstairs , for comment , but her phone was disconnected , and no one answered the door . The broker who rented her the house and who was paid $ 1,900 says he did not know the house was in foreclosure . He also says the brokerage fee will not be returned . "  It took everything I had to move in , " Brown says , "  to give my kids a better environment . " And now , "  I 'm left out with nothing . " Because eviction papers trump the lease , Brown has no legal right to stay . The bank that foreclosed on the house , and now owns it , offered her $ 1,000 to get out , but she says she 's lost close to $ 6,000 and has nowhere to go . "  If it was me , yeah I could move out and go on my own . But it 's my family you 're talking about , my children , my three daughters and my pets , that I brought in here thinking that we were going to stay and be happy . " Brown is considering suing the owner in small-claims court to get her money back and cover moving expenses . For now , though , she says she will adjust her dreams and find another place for her family to live .	Mortgage meltdown affects renter Lisa Brown after landlord is foreclosed upon Brown evicted because landlord defaulted on mortgage , house fell into foreclosure . Brown wanted a better life for her three daughters ; now she must find a new home New York state senator working on law to warn renters of foreclosure early
CNN  -- Moments after blasting what he called Russia 's illegal "  military aggression " of his nation , Ukraine 's interim leader insisted Thursday that a peaceful resolution that ends with Kiev and Moscow becoming "  real partners " is still possible . "  We still believe that we have a chance to resolve these conflicts in a peaceful manner , " interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk told the U.N. Security Council . Yatsenyuk 's remarks come as thousands of Russian troops staged military exercises not far from his nation 's border . And they are entirely new , given that Ukrainian officials have previously called for talks and slammed what they say is Russia 's military invasion of their country , something that Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied . Still , the stage -- addressing representatives of the world 's most powerful nations , Russia among them -- makes the assertions more salient , as does the fast approaching referendum in which residents of the Crimean Peninsula will vote whether to secede from Ukraine and join Russia . Ukraine has been simmering since last November , when protesters angry at the sitting government -- in part for its president 's move toward Russia and away from the European Union -- began hitting the streets . In February , after deadly clashes between government forces and demonstrators , President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted  he soon took refuge in Russia  . With that , the focus moved from Ukraine 's west , which tends to lean more European , to its south and east , where ties to Russia are stronger . Rising tensions have centered on Crimea , where local officials have declared their autonomy from Ukraine and alliance with Russia , as armed men have blockaded and taken other actions against Ukrainian military and other posts . Tensions also have spilled over into other parts of eastern Ukraine , such as Donetsk , where the regional health authority said a 22-year-old man was stabbed to death and at least 10 others were injured in clashes Thursday between pro-Ukraine and pro-Russian protesters . While the bloodshed has been limited so far , fears are percolating that this crisis could turn into a full-scale military conflict . "  We are looking for an answer to the question of whether the Russians want war , " Yatsenyuk said Thursday in Russian . "  I am sure that , as the prime minister of Ukraine ,  which  for decades had warm and friendly relations with Russia , I am convinced that Russians do not want war . Russia kicks off military drill On Thursday , Putin reiterated his longstanding stance : Ukraine 's crisis was caused by internal factors , not by Russia . And if people in Crimea -- including ethnic Russians -- want to be part of Russia , that 's their right and likewise Moscow 's right to protect them . Speaking after Yatsenyuk at the United Nations , Russian U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin accused the West of having "  fanned the flames of unrest " in Ukraine by their officials ' "  blatant interference , " which he said contributed to Yanukovych 's "  illegal " ouster . Since then , the Ukraine 's pro-western government has exacerbated the crisis by clamping down on opposition and effectively "  splitting this country  into  two parts , " Churkin said . As to Sunday 's referendum , the ambassador said citizens there deserve the same right to self-determination as anyone : "  Why should the Crimeans be the exception ? " Even as Moscow has n't said it wants to takeover Ukraine , its military has become noticeably active in the region of late -- and not just its thousands of troops stationed in Crimea . Its most recent such action was starting military drills Thursday involving about 8,500 artillery men in the southern part of the country bordering Ukraine , according to Russia 's defense ministry . U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power portrayed the "  new military operations " as connected to the "  Russian military intervention , " telling the Security Council on Thursday that they involve "  artillery batteries , assault helicopters and at least 10,000 additional soldiers near the Ukrainian border . " These exercises -- which include rocket launchers , howitzers and anti-tank cannons -- aim to "  improve the cooperation between artillery  units  and motorized rifle forces , tank forces , air cavalry and the marines , " Russia 's defense ministry said . The Southern Military District borders Ukraine and includes the North Caucasian Military District , the Black Sea Fleet and the Caspian flotilla , the ministry said . One of its four bases is in the Ukrainian city of Sevastopol . The troops involved in these drills seemingly are in addition to the up to 25,000 Russian troops already stationed in Ukraine . Not far away , U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration is expected to announce plans to keep the aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush in the Mediterranean Sea longer than planned to reassure NATO allies who may be feeling insecure after Russia 's moves in Crimea , CNN has learned . Asked about the decision to keep the aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean , a senior administration official said not to expect much more muscle-flexing , or additional military steps , before Sunday . Ukraine financial package stalled in Congress Russia 's military activities within Ukraine itself -- including whether its troops are among the men , whose uniforms did not have insignias , who have seemingly marooned Ukraine 's military there -- are a matter of intense scrutiny and debate . Yatsenyuk stated Thursday he has no doubt Russian troops have intervened , despite having "  no grounds " to do so . He said Russia 's military presence "  is clearly identified , " pointing out that vehicles used by some armed men have Russian license plates . "  This is absolutely and entirely unacceptable in the 21st century to resolve any kind of  conflict  with boots on the ground , " the interim prime minister said . Western officials warn Moscow Western officials , meanwhile , warned Thursday that Russia will face significant consequences unless it changes course in Crimea , with U.S. President Barack Obama pledging to "  stand with Ukraine . " In a speech to the German parliament , German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Sunday 's secession referendum is unconstitutional and Russia 's presence in the Black Sea peninsula violates Ukraine 's territorial integrity . She warned Putin that his actions would lead to "  catastrophe " for Ukraine . "  It would also change Russia economically and politically , " she said . In a phone call , French President Francois Hollande told Putin the referendum "  has no legal basis , " urging the Russian leader to "  do everything to prevent the annexation of Crimea to Russia . " At a Senate committee hearing in Washington , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry -- who is set to meet Friday with his Russian counterpart -- predicted that the upcoming vote would favor Crimea rejoining Russia . But he warned that , absent movement by Russia toward negotiating with Ukraine on the crisis , "  there will be a very serious series of steps Monday in Europe and here . " Already , the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said it had postponed activities related to Russia 's process for membership in the organization . In a boost to Kiev , members also "  agreed that the OECD should respond positively to Ukraine 's request to further strengthen existing OECD-Ukraine cooperation to take advantage of the OECD 's expertise to address the public policy challenges it faces . " ` Putin 's opinion is much more important ' Crimea is on edge , as evidenced by flaring tensions and growing worries as evidenced by long lines at banks in the regional capital of Simferopol . Separately , Crimean authorities have secured offshore Ukrainian oil and gas projects in the Black and Azov seas , as well as the Chernomorneftegaz company 's oil and gas fields , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported Thursday , citing Crimean parliamentary speaker Vladimir Konstantinov . "  These deposits and the platform fully become the property of the Republic of Crimea , " he said . "  We have guarded them . These are our fields and we will fight for them . " A decision on Ukraine 's Chernomorneftegaz has not been made , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported , citing Crimean Deputy Prime Minister Rustam Temirgaliev . He said consultations would take place on whether "  this enterprise will remain the property of the Republic of Crimea or will become part of Gazprom , " the Russian energy giant . Ukraine 's armed forces deployed in Crimea have been bottled up since late last month , but they 're free to leave their bases to vote in the referendum , said Yury Zherebtsov , the Crimean government 's official in charge of the ballot , according to Interfax . Zherebtsov said officials had visited military bases across Crimea to convince soldiers that "  they have simply become hostage of the Ukrainian government " and to understand that "  the only way to maintain the peace and unity of the Crimean people is by forming a union with Russia . " The new , pro-Russian government on the southeastern peninsula has said that if the voters opt to join Russia , the first step would be to declare Crimea an independent and sovereign state . Then it will apply to join the Russian Federation . INFOGRAPHIC : Comparing Ukraine and Russia 's military forces CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Simferopol , as did journalist Nadjie Femi . CNN 's Anna Coren in Simferopol , Alla Eshchenko and Fred Pleitgen in Moscow , Tim Schwarz in Kiev , and Clare Sebastian , Claudia Otto , Laura Smith-Spark , Kevin Liptak , Carol Jordan , Damien Ward , Shirley Henry , Harry Reekie , Richard Roth , Stephanie Halasz , Mathew Chance and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. ambassador : "  At least 10,000 " more Russian troops taking part in new drills Ukrainian leader wants to know if "  the Russians want war , " thinks they do n't Residents in Crimea are to vote Sunday on whether to leave Ukraine , join Russia Russia official : West "  fanned ... unrest , " Crimeans should have self-determination
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Kenneth Bacon , a former reporter and Pentagon spokesman who later served as a top advocate of displaced people all over the world , died Saturday , according to Refugees International . He was 64 . Kenneth Bacon was "  one of the great voices in humanitarian advocacy , " says Joel Charny of Refugees International . Bacon had served as the president of Washington-based Refugees International since 2001 , the group said in a statement Saturday . The former Wall Street Journal reporter died Saturday morning from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain , the statement said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Bacon , who was Pentagon spokesman during the Clinton administration , a "  great humanitarian leader . " "  Most Americans remember Ken as the unflappable civilian voice of the Department of Defense , where he served with distinction as spokesperson for many years , " Clinton said in a statement . "  But for millions of the world 's most vulnerable people -- refugees and other victims of conflict -- Ken was an invaluable source of hope , inspiration and support . Refugees International credited Bacon for doubling the group 's size under his leadership and helping it get increased protection and assistance for displaced people in Sudan 's Darfur region , Iraq , Pakistan and other troubled areas . In the last months of his life , Bacon shifted his focus toward the issue of climate displacement , the group said . "  Ken would walk the corridors of power one day and then meet with refugees in the most remote areas of Darfur the next . His unique mixture of expertise in the media , military affairs , and U.S. government policy , added to his compassion for vulnerable refugees , made him one of the great voices in humanitarian advocacy , " said Joel Charny , acting president of Refugees International . "  Ken always saw the best in people . His ability to connect with nearly everyone he met made it possible for him to convince officials at the highest levels of government and the United Nations to make the necessary changes to save lives and protect people from harm . " In 1994 , Bacon became the Defense Department 's assistant secretary of public affairs and Pentagon spokesman . He was known for his no-nonsense manner and his signature bow ties . "  I first got to know Ken Bacon several years ago when he was the chief Pentagon spokesman . Ken did the job the way its supposed to be done : holding press conferences , answering questions , providing facts , information and context , " said CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr . "  I know he was often bemused to watch the new era of spin and message , since he so passionately believed that facts stand on their own merit . "  Later , Ken became an extraordinary advocate for refugees and displaced persons around the world , " she added . "  I could ring him up to ask a question about any remote area of the world where people were suffering and he could explain with breadth and depth what was going on . " Before working at the Defense Department , Bacon for more than 25 years served as a reporter and editor at the Wall Street Journal , where his assignments included the covering the Pentagon , the newspaper reported . "  He came to the Journal in 1965 and scored a rare  for an intern  page-one story about an automated car-repair system that one overheated mechanic described as ` the greatest thing since girls , ' " the newspaper said in a story posted on its Web site . He is survived by his wife , Darcy , two daughters , two grandchildren , his brother and his father . Refugees International said a memorial service would be held in September .	Bacon , 64 , died from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain He was Pentagon spokesman during the Clinton administration Bacon also had been president of Refugees International since 2001 Before going to Pentagon , he was reporter and editor at Wall Street Journal
CNN  -- Jackie Alpers , a photographer from Tucson , Arizona , has documented food at her local county fair for the past couple of years . "  My favorite fair food has elements of the unexpected , " she said . "  It 's bigger and weirder than the food I see every day , and it evokes awe ... the more absurd the better . " Alpers , who tries mostly everything she photographs , drew the line when she snapped a picture of Super Fries -- french fries covered in pinto beans , chile sauce and cheese . "  It looked like they weighed about two pounds and that there was enough for a family of four to share , " she said . "  I 'd say there was more saturated fat on that plate than I care to imagine . " But fat and calories are n't enough to stop many fair-goers from indulging in such creations once a year , even when healthy options are available . Fair foods can be enjoyed in moderation , says Dr. Donald Hensrud , who specializes in nutrition and preventive medicine at the Mayo Clinic . "  Instead of kind of throwing caution to the wind ... it 's still possible to enjoy yourself and enjoy some good tastes , yet stay reasonably on track . " For that , Hensrud offered some suggestions : Before you go Devise a plan ahead of time . "  Put a little thought into it -- what kinds of foods do you want to try ? How much do you want to eat ? " he said . "  Just have a general plan instead of going in and just eating everything in sight or the first thing that you see . " A workout and a healthy meal can help you resist temptation later . "  If you do n't eat anything in the morning , you might get there and be ravenous ... that can lead to overeating , " Hensrud said . The deep-fried belly of the fair food beast During the fair Splitting food with family or friends allows smaller tastes of multiple things . In addition , you can satisfy yourself by having a little bit of food when you get to the fair , Hensrud suggested . He said it 's best to stop eating before you 're full . "  You 'll be glad that you did later on , " he says . Remember to use some common sense . Limit portion sizes of fatty or fried foods . He also recommended using your time at the fair to get in a great walk , helping to burn off some of those calories . Finally , do n't forget that liquid calories add up . Stay well-hydrated with water . Following the fair Indulging once a year "  is n't going to cause a huge amount of problems , " Hensrud said . "  We can recover from that relatively easily . " "  People should forgive themselves and move on ... and not throw in the towel completely if they do overindulge . " Hensrud advised fair-goers to focus their attention elsewhere , instead of solely on the food . Typically , people can take in an abundance of sights and sounds from arts and crafts , scale-tipping pumpkins , livestock and live entertainment . For Alpers , there is always something new to see -- and taste -- every year . She is looking forward to documenting next year 's fair . "  Everyone has their own trigger and the fair is a perfect excuse to pull it , " she said . "  The look of excitement on their face is unmistakable , and similar to the look I see in line for the roller coaster or the freak show . " Fried Kool-Aid at the San Diego Fair	Fair and festival-goers spend millions on concession food every year From fried Oreos to "  Super Fries , " the possibilities are endlessly fattening Fair foods can be enjoyed in moderation , says Dr. Donald Hensrud
CNN  -- Though he 's best known for his comedic work playing Frasier Crane on "  Cheers " and "  Frasier , " Kelsey Grammer is enjoying critical success in dramatic fashion these days . On the Starz original series "  Boss , " Grammer plays Chicago Mayor Tom Kane , who is suffering with DLB , a degenerative neurological disorder . The show is a look inside a backstabbing and corrupt political culture , where Grammer takes Kane into twisted , dark places , yet at the same time , exudes a sadness that makes fans feel a little empathy for the guy . The first season was just eight episodes , but it was enough to earn Grammer a Golden Globe for "  Best actor -- Television Series Drama . " The series enters its second season Friday , with actors Jonathan Groff , hip-hop artist/actor T.I. and Sanaa Lathan joining the cast . CNN recently spoke with Grammer about the politics surrounding "  Boss " and how a show like "  Cheers " prepares one for a dramatic role . CNN : You won a Golden Globe for "  Best actor -- Television Series Drama " for "  Boss . " Was that a shock ? Grammer : Well , you know , I thought I had a shot with the Hollywood Foreign Press . They had a great meeting , where they do that chat thing that they do and asked a bunch of great questions . It 's like a press conference . They asked questions that were interesting and required some thought to answer , so I thought they were obviously engaged a bit in this project . CNN : Audiences know you in comedic roles , but might not think of you as a dramatic actor . Grammer : Right , yeah , well that 's something we were keeping secret all this time -LSB- Laughs -RSB- . Pull 'em out when you need 'em . CNN : On a general level , what 's in store for "  Boss " season 2 ? Grammer : There 's so many twists and turns on plot points that ca n't be revealed , but what I can tell you -- the first half of the season is a series of manifestations of his disease and the decisions he 's making are maybe colored by it . A bit more rash than he 's been previously . So what we have is an accelerated , rhythmic shift in the energy of the show . I think some will find welcome , but also confusing in a weird way . It all changes again in the middle of the season , where we shift him back in a more slightly evil way and what his choices are for the next season , if we have one . CNN : What was great about the first season was how manic he became and how it overtook him . Grammer : What I like about Tom is that he 's such a fighter . He wo n't let it finish him until it destroys him . That 's what I love about him . CNN : I read that the character is n't based on any current Chicago politicians . Grammer : No , none of those guys are as cool as Tom Kane is . That 's all I say . CNN : Are there any aspects of the new season that mirrors what 's happening in current politics ? Grammer : We really try to avoid it . If you take a look at the political world , it 's 3,000 years old of difficulties and egos and aspirations and power grabs and betrayals . We just wanted to explore what we think is the whole condition of something that always seems current , which is politics . CNN : Where does he fall in terms of the complexity of characters you 've played ? Grammer : He 's probably the brightest guy I 've ever played . He 's the greatest fighter I 've ever played . MacBeth is similar to him , certainly . What I love about MacBeth is that he starts out as a hero and ends up as heroically evil in the end . So Tom Kane might start out where MacBeth is , but Tom Kane will fight you for that last ounce of life . I love that about that character . I wish I was more like him . CNN : There 's this great balance that the viewer gets of this guy . He 's estranged from a lot of people that once meant a great deal to him in his life , and he has this disease that will make him nothing that he planned . But at the same time , he can be quite horrible to people . How do you balance that in bringing that out ? Grammer : It 's confusing . What 's interesting about Tom is that when he 's in a caring moment , it 's real , it 's full , it 's rich . You spot the humanity that 's within this monster . You start to feel sorry for the monster , which is typical of a great horror-movie villain . You discover this humanity in him and you long for it in a weird way . But when he cares , he really cares . He 's not phony . But then it becomes more confusing . It 's just a great thing to get to play . He 's so disabled by his own choices . CNN : What most of us know about politicians is through these mediated filters : what we see on TV or the Internet . But this show is interesting because it gives a deeper look into these people that have a lot of responsibility . Grammer : It 's funny , I like the idea that my politicians might be human . I also want them to be real . I like it when politicians acknowledge "  I 'm good at this , I 'm not good at that , you got to help me do that . " I 'd love more candor . But we 're not going to get it . That 's life . CNN : Are there things that you learned working on a show like "  Cheers " that that you 're using still on "  Boss " ? Grammer : Well , comedy 's interesting . For a great laugh to happen , you have to believe the situation and believe the character . Comedy today is really gag-gag-gag , one-two punch . With Frasier we tried at least a page , a page-and-a-half without asking for a laugh . That 's a slightly different experience . "  Cheers " was a bit like that , but "  Frasier " more . What you learn from a drama like "  Boss " is that there are big choices I make as that character and you have to believe it 's possible . I mean , Frasier ended up jumping up and down on a bed , pretending he was having sex with himself  Laughs  . This is extraordinary s ** t . But you have to believe this is possible and coming out of a real situation . So I end up tearing some guys ear off as the mayor and you believe it . Because you bought into why he 's there . Maybe those things are what you learn as a result of knowing what works ... you have to lay the foundation . CNN : Have you been following the current race ? Grammer : Listen , this one was really predictable to what was going to happen , from both sides at this point . It has been for a couple years . If you 're not doing well in office , then the country 's split . They 've been playing that card for awhile now . We 're in that cycle . I 've been rooting for the conservative side of the equation for awhile now and that 's where I 'm at . Only because I think it 's time for change this time , a different kind of change . The new season of "  Boss " premieres August 17 on Starz .	"  Boss " returns for season 2 on Friday The series won star Kelsey Grammer a Golden Globe He says this character is the brightest guy he has ever played
Former Israeli foreign minister and opposition leader Tzipi Livni submitted her resignation from the Knesset Tuesday . Speaking to reporters outside the parliament , Livni said , "  My principles and values obligate  me  to leave the party of Kadima in the Knesset . I always said the seat was not everything . I am leaving at this stage but I am not retiring from public life " Livni , who served as the head of the centrists Kadima Party , was defeated in a party leadership preliminary last month , losing to her party deputy and former Israel Defense Forces chief Shaul Mofaz , who took 62 % of the votes to Livni 's 38 % . The resignation adds another variable in Israel 's quickly evolving political landscape . Earlier this week Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu indicated that he was likely to seek early elections . Some of his Likud Party officials predicted that the vote might be scheduled as early as September . Livni was a vocal and high-profile but largely ineffective opposition figure to Netanyahu 's rightist coalition . In her remarks , Livni took Netanyahu 's government to task for not putting enough effort into making peace with the Palestinians . "  For many years our leadership has been burying its head in the sand dealing with political tricks " she charged . "  During this time the threats to Israel have only become greater ... In order to know this we do n't the need evaluation of the head of the Shin Bet , " she said in an indirect reference to recent criticism the former head of Israel 's internal security lodged toward the current government 's foreign policy . Livni also lambasted the Netanyahu government for not doing more to enhance Israel 's global standing . "  Israel lives on the top of a volcano and the international clock is ticking , " she warned , saying the existence of democracy in the Jewish state is under "  a great threat " Livni , 53 , gained international prominence in 2009 as foreign minister under Prime Minister Ehud Olmert . She and Defense Minister Ehud Barak spearheaded Operation Cast Lead , Israel 's extensive military offense in Gaza . She also played a major role in helping end Israel 's 2006 war with Hezbollah in Lebanon .	Tzipi Livni leaves the Knesset after losing her party leadership position last month She says the government is n't putting enough effort into making peace with the Palestinians "  Israel lives on the top of a volcano and the international clock is ticking , " she says
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Jim Gordon struggles to lift a book . It 's 4,000 pages , more than a foot thick and one of the dozens of government reports over the last decade assessing the nation 's first offshore wind farm . "  It 's thicker than the health care bill , " chuckles Gordon , the 56-year-old CEO of Cape Wind . Gordon 's laugh has now turned into a celebratory smile . After a vicious nine-year fight on Cape Cod , Gordon has finally won approval of his wind farm to be built in the iconic waters of Nantucket Sound . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Wednesday signed off on the project . "  We 're trying to pioneer a new path to move America forward in obtaining cleaner energy , a healthier environment and putting people to work to harness the inexhaustible winds that we 're blessed with off the Cape , " he said . It has been anything but easy . Cape Wind has spent more than $ 45 million -- most of it from Gordon 's own pockets -- since 2001 , when the project first sought a permit . His opponents have vilified him over the years as a greedy corporate energy man pillaging the pristine waters of the Sound . They say he 's interested , not in green energy , but the green of the U.S. dollar . Gordon has refused to disclose potential earnings for his company ; critics say Cape Wind stands to gain hundreds of millions in tax credits and subsidies . Gordon 's hair has gone from black to gray since the fight began . And while the Cape has debated the project , countries like China have built their own offshore wind farms , forging ahead of the U.S. in wind energy . Gordon 's opponents have come from the left and right . They have ranged from one of the most powerful senators in the nation 's history -- the late Sen. Ted Kennedy -- to billionaire fossil fuel heavyweight William Koch . "  I 'm for wind energy , " Kennedy famously said . "  But we ought to do it right . " The Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port will have a view of the 130 wind turbines , located several miles from the shore . See how the views on the Cape will change Koch , founder of the Oxbow Group and a resident of the Cape , sits on the board of Gordon 's nemesis , the Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound . He 's reportedly contributed more than $ 1.5 million to try to stop Cape Wind . Koch and his Oxbow Group have accused Gordon of duping the region , saying the Cape had better prepare for skyrocketing electricity prices . The price per kilowatt hour offshore is far higher than on land . "  This will only benefit one individual , and that 's the developer himself , Jim Gordon , " said Brad Goldstein , Koch 's chief spokesman . "  Jim Gordon can try to wrap himself around wind all he wants . That dog will not hunt here . " Who is this wind man who challenged the nation 's biggest power players -- and won ? The son of a Boston grocer , Gordon says he decided to get into the energy business while waiting in line to get gas during the OPEC energy crisis of the 1970s . It was a wise decision : He consulted for power plants and made tens of millions of dollars by converting old power plants to natural gas facilities . He won over communities and brought in hundreds of jobs . In all , his group , Energy Management Inc. , had seven New England power facilities ; six of them were natural gas plants . He sold out in 2001 and with his millions turned his focus , and energy , to wind . "  He did n't buy an island in the Caribbean . He did n't sit on his money , " said the Rev. William Eddy , a co-founder of Clean Power Now , a Cape Cod-based organization that has supported the wind farm . "  He decided to do something noble with it . You have to admire him for that . " Added Kert Davies , the research director for Greenpeace : "  He 's amazingly tenacious and knows that it 's a good project in the right place and a good thing for the economy and the planet . ... We 're going to throw a party and toast Gordon . " Davies says every major environmental group has defended Cape Wind , because the U.S. needs to move away from its dependence on oil and expand its clean energy base . Gordon 's biggest mistake , he says , was a belief that the project would be immediately embraced . The region 's Democratic base and constant support of green energy made it seem like a sure deal . "  He underestimated what powers would come to bear on the other side , " Davies said . "  It was a much tougher nut to crack than he thought . What it really boils down to is a few really rich local folks do n't want it . " For two years , Glenn Wattley posed as the head of the Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound . Though a foe of Gordon 's , Wattley admires him as a formidable opponent who has the quintessential American story -- a hard-working man who built a fortune out of nothing . "  Not only does he get an ` A ' for effort , he gets an ` A-plus , ' " said Wattley , who has 35 years of experience in the energy market . "  He 's shown himself to be very focused and very committed . " Gordon graduated from Boston University with a degree in public communications . Wattley says he used that to his advantage in the Cape Wind debate : "  He 's a master at how you spin things . " Wattley 's main beef with Gordon is the possibility of higher energy costs on the Cape . "  My sensitivity is my electric bill , " he said . "  If we could really believe that prices would be lower , as he initially said , I do n't see why this would n't be more popular . " Cape Wind has said it ca n't guarantee lower prices , but the energy will be cleaner . The head of NStar , one of Massachusetts largest utilities , recently told the Boston Globe that electric prices could go up in coming years due to renewable energy . That 's another red herring from critics , says William Moomaw , a professor of international environmental policy at Tufts University 's Fletcher School . "  The prices wo n't skyrocket for the local people . That 's just non-sense , " said Moomaw , part of a team that won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 . "  There might be a small rise , but it would be relatively small . " He applauded Gordon for not bowing out in the face of withering criticism : "  Jim Gordon has to be one of the most persistent people who truly believes in the goal that he 's set for himself . Most people would have pulled out long ago . " The wind farm turned into the most heavily vetted energy project in the nation , with dozens of public hearings and 17 state and federal agencies weighing in . The 130 turbines , spaced a third - to a half-mile apart , will cover about 25 of the 500 square miles of Nantucket Sound . They will stand more than 40 stories tall and provide up to 75 percent of the power to the Cape and islands . See the location of the wind farm Gordon often visits his family home in Yarmouth on the Cape . Does he lie low while there because of the heated emotions Cape Wind has stirred ? "  Not at all , " he said . He finds just the opposite reaction . Locals come up to him in shops and restaurants . Keep going , they say . We know it 's hard . The Cape Wind CEO admits he never anticipated the battle would drag on for nine years . That 's too long , he says , for everyone involved -- from the affected communities to the investors to the government . The Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound has vowed to file a lawsuit to try to stop the project . Gordon says the group can try if it wants , but the Alliance should be prepared to lose again . He 's now the pioneer behind Massachusetts ' new revolution : offshore wind . He hopes to begin construction later this year , with the project completed by the end of 2012 . "  When you believe in your heart that you have the right project at the right place at the right time , " he said , "  you just keep putting one foot in front of the other . "	Jim Gordon faced a decade of criticism over his plan for nation 's first offshore wind farm Gordon made tens of millions in the energy market before focusing on wind farm Supporter : "  He did n't sit on his money . He decided to do something noble with it . " Critics say Cape residents should brace for higher electric prices
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Riot police fired tear gas and sent hundreds of demonstrators running a day after Haiti 's national elections ended in turmoil amid allegations of widespread fraud . The incident took place as one of the 18 presidential candidates was denouncing the outgoing president and his endorsed candidate in a news conference broadcast live on Haitian radio . "  I have a message for -LSB- Rene -RSB- Preval and his acolyte , " said Michel "  Sweet Mickey " Martelly . "  Haiti does n't want you any more . " As he spoke , hundreds of people , chanting Martelly 's name , jogged toward the center of Port-au-Prince until they were intercepted by riot police . The tide turned when police fired several canisters of tear gas into the crowd , sending Martelly 's supporters sprinting for cover . On Sunday , hours before the polls closed , Martelly and 11 other candidates for president made a joint declaration denouncing the election and calling for its cancellation . The candidates accused Preval of organizing widespread fraud in favor of his Unity Party , which is fronted by establishment candidate Jude Celestin . The dissenting candidates did not offer evidence to back up their claims . Senior officials from Haiti 's election organizing committee , the Conseil Electoral Provisoire , defended the vote and calling it a success . "  The election day has successfully concluded , " said the committee 's director general , Pierre Opont , in a news conference Sunday night . Opont said there had been incidents at 56 polling centers out of a total of 1,500 across the country , less than 4 percent . He also said at least one person died as a result of election violence . However , there were widespread reports Sunday of disorganization and some cases of apparent cheating at the polls . "  We had observers in about 50 polling stations , and in each one we interviewed countless individuals who could not vote at that polling station because their names were n't on the electoral lists , " said Nicole Phillips , staff attorney with the non-profit organization Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti . "  If we go ahead and certify the elections , " Phillips said , referring to international donors that have helped fund the vote , "  then we look bad . We paid for these elections . We organized them . We trained the people . And the fact that it was horrible yesterday looks bad on us . " On Sunday , the United Nations issued a written statement expressing "  deep concern at the numerous incidents that marred the elections . " A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince said American diplomats were appealing for calm and waiting for the result of a report expected to be issued by a team of international election observers in a joint delegation from the Organization of American States and the Caribbean Community . Ambassador Colin Granderson , head of the monitoring delegation , Monday listed a large number of irregularities and problems with the election . However , he said , "  the joint mission does not believe that these irregularities , serious as some of them were , necessarily invalidate the process . " He called the decision of the 12 presidential candidates to call for cancellation of elections hours before polls closed "  precipitous " and "  regrettable . " He said the vote-counting process should continue , and made a fresh appeal for calm among all parties . In addition to the presidential election , seats also were being contested in the Senate and in the lower house of parliament . Nearly all of the candidates campaigned on similar platforms -- fighting corruption , creating jobs , and addressing a series of natural disasters that has left the Caribbean nation reeling and prompted many to urge for a postponement of Sunday 's vote . According to electoral law , a candidate must win 50 percent of the vote or the election goes to a second-round runoff . Haiti 's growing political crisis comes as it struggles to cope with a deadly cholera epidemic that has killed more than 1,600 people since last month . On Monday , the turmoil appeared to be spilling over the border . A United Nations Police spokesman confirmed reports of a clash erupting on Haiti 's border with the Dominican Republic between soldiers of that nation and Haitian civilians . "  Shots were fired , " said spokesman Jean-Francois Vezina . "  Our UNPOL people are there and trying to intervene . " Vezina said he could not confirm reports broadcast on Haitian radio that a woman and a girl were killed in the border clash .	Riot police fire tear gas at demonstrators after Haitian candidate 's speech 12 of the 18 presidential candidates are alleging widespread fraud at the polls An international monitoring official says vote-counting should continue
San Francisco  CNN  -- Arranging to have pizzas delivered to a stranger 's door is a classic prank . On the Web , it 's charity . Ashley Qualls found that out recently when she posted an offer on the link-sharing website called Reddit . The Santa Clarita , California , native was feeling especially charitable one day and asked the site 's audience of 18.8 million visitors how she could donate to people in need . "  Someone had commented saying , ` Hey , you should take this over to Random Acts of Pizza , ' " Qualls said . Surfing to that section , she found people posting their pleas for free pizza . Members are encouraged to place orders for requests they feel especially moved by . One person said on Thursday that he went out of town and left his wallet at home , and another said he lost his credit card and is sick of eating tortillas . But the true spirit of Random Acts of Pizza , the creators and some members say , involves donating to people who could n't otherwise feed themselves -- and yet are Web savvy enough to panhandle online . "  It 's about helping someone out while they 're down at the moment , " Qualls said . She has sent 10 pizzas so far that were delivered to hungry strangers . Qualls has been active in other charity work , including online-donation programs , but Random Acts of Pizza provides "  instant gratification , " she said . Pizza recipients generally give thanks and sometimes snap a picture of the empty pizza box after the order is placed , in 30 minutes or less . The section 's popularity has tipped . It received 226,000 visitors in a recent week . Other charitable efforts on Reddit have taken off . SnackExchange , Food Pantry and Closet Swap all encourage giving to the poor . Still , the 10-person team that develops Reddit , which itself has grown significantly in the last few months , were surprised to see the program take off . Earlier this month , they pooled their cash and spent $ 120 on pizzas for the Homeless Youth Alliance in San Francisco . "  We never would have said , ` Oh , Reddit would be a great platform to give pizza to strangers , ' " said Erik Martin , Reddit 's new general manager . Donors receive the person 's home address through a private message and can quickly place an order using the many websites designed for food delivery . "  A big factor is just how easy it is , " said Daniel Rogers , a lawyer from Texas who started the section . Rogers , along with John Mitchell , a former computer technician in Idaho , are attempting to get Random Acts of Pizza on the radar of a major national pizza chain . Domino 's Pizza and Little Caesars Pizza have expressed vague interest , Mitchell said . Separately , Reddit , which is owned by publisher Conde Nast , has reached out to the big restaurants . "  We 've heard of the program , but have had no direct contact with Reddit , " Domino 's spokesman Tim McIntyre wrote in an e-mail . Random Acts of Pizza sent a request to CashStar , which powers the system that many retailers use for ordering gift cards and which many Random Acts of Pizza donors use to gift meals , asking the site to accept credit cards from outside the United States , Mitchell said . But the process is slow-moving . CashStar CEO David Stone said through a spokeswoman that he had never heard of the group . The co-creators of the pizza-giving program have wives and children , and they each lost their jobs during the worst of the economic downturns . Since connecting online  they 've never met  and improving their fiscal situations , Rogers and Mitchell decided to organize a charitable group online . But why cheese , sauce and dough ? "  It was the one food during that time period  of hardships  that I did n't have a lot of , that I love , " Rogers said . "  It was n't just about pizza . It 's about just getting that kind of comfort food and that kind of hope . "	A link-sharing website called Reddit is host to several grassroots charity efforts One that has become popular recently is called Random Acts of Pizza There , members order pizzas to be delivered to poor people
CNN  -- The evolution of Tamerlan Tsarnaev from aspiring Olympic boxer to apparent radical jihadist may have been influenced by a friend in Cambridge , Massachusetts . "  This person just took his brain . He just brainwashed him completely , " Tsarnaev 's uncle , Ruslan Tsarni , told CNN from his home in Maryland , describing the friend as an Armenian convert to Islam . While Tsarni did not give the friend 's name , The Associated Press reported that other members of Tsarnaev 's family said the friend goes by the name "  Misha . " Asked about those reports , Elmirza Khozhgov , a former brother-in-law of Tsarnaev , told CNN Tsarnaev once introduced him to someone by that name who was an Armenian convert . He said he was not told Misha 's full name . "  It seemed to me that Misha had influence on Tamerlan , " apparently encouraging him to give up boxing because it "  is violent , " Khozhgov told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Tamerlan told me that he quit boxing and music because Misha was teaching that it 's not good in Islam to do those things . " "  Misha " taught Tsarnaev "  things that would make Tamerlan go away from the people and go more into the religion , " Khozhgov said , but "  I did n't witness him making him radical . " Khozhgov added that he has not spoken with Tsarnaev or with the younger suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , since 2010 . And even then , "  We did n't talk for a long time . " Tamerlan Tsarnaev "  seemed normal " at the time , he added . "  He only told me he goes to the mosque often and he 's doing community work at the mosque . " Officials have not responded to requests for comment on someone named "  Misha . " Lawmakers briefed Tuesday on the investigation told CNN they had not heard of anyone by that name . The Islamic Society of Boston told CNN Wednesday that so far no one in its network reported knowing a "  Misha " who fit that description . "  We are looking for him , " said spokeswoman Nichole Mossalam . Uncle called a friend to investigate Tsarni , Tsarnaev 's uncle , told CNN he was so concerned about someone brainwashing his nephew that he called a family friend in the Cambridge area to investigate . "  I said , ` Listen , do you know what is going on with that family ? With my brother 's family ? ' Then he says ... there is a person , some new convert into Islam of Armenian descent , " Tsarni told CNN 's Shannon Travis . "  Armenians , I have no intention to say anything about Armenians . It 's a neighboring region with North Caucasus , " the same area where the Tsarnaev family also hails from . "  It started  in  2009 . And it started right there , in Cambridge , " Tsarni said of the friendship . Aunt reveals clue to older brother 's trip to Russia Tsarnaev 's mindset leading up to the bombings at the Boston Marathon may never be fully known . He was killed after a shootout with police last week . His brother , Dzhokhar , remains hospitalized with an array of gunshot wounds . He has been charged with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death , as well as one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been communicating with investigators in a limited fashion . He has indicated that his older brother , not any international terrorist group , conceived the deadly attack , a U.S. government source said . The preliminary interviews with Dzhokhar Tsarnaev suggest the two brothers fit the classification of self-radicalized jihadists , the source said . But the official noted that information from the preliminary interviews needed to be scrutinized . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has also cited the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as motivating factors behind last week 's blasts that killed three and wounded hundreds more , a U.S. government official said . Suspect 's widow is distraught The suspects ' uncle said Tamerlan Tsarnaev was clearly the leader between the two brothers . "  Dzhokhar is being used by his older brother .  Tamerlan  used him as his -- not even accomplice -- as some kind of instrument , " Tsarni said . At 26 , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was seven years older than Dzhokhar . Friends say Dzhokhar followed his big brother around like a puppy . And as their father is in Russia , the older brother may have become a father figure to the 19-year-old these past few months . At 6-foot-3 , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was , by many accounts , an intimidating presence with increasingly strong convictions about society and religion in recent years . Tsarni said he was shocked by the explosions and how his nephews may be involved . "  Tamerlan is off now , " the uncle said . "  There is no obedience and respect to his own father . That concerns me big time . " CNN 's Shannon Travis , Jake Tapper , Brian Todd and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	NEW : Islamic Society of Boston has not found a "  Misha " by that description so far The suspects ' former brother-in-law tells CNN he met "  Misha . " The suspects ' uncle did not name the friend , but said he began influencing Tamerlan in 2009 Source : Interviews with Dzhokhar suggest the brothers are self-radicalized jihadists
CNN  -- Manchester City crashed out of European competition following a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Dortmund . Julian Schieber scored the only goal of the game to claim victory for the Germans and kill off any hopes City had of reaching the Europa League . City has endured a dismal Champions League campaign and knew its hopes of reaching the last-16 had already faded before the trip to Dortmund . But it had hoped to at least pick up the consolation of making it through to the Europa League , especially with Ajax facing Real Madrid at the Bernabeu . English Premier League 's hidden costs revealed But that dream was left shattered as the English Premier League champions were given a reality check . Boss Roberto Mancini will now look ahead to Sunday 's Manchester derby after his team became the first from England to not win a single group game in the competition . "  We lost our qualification tonight , " he told reporters . "  We lost it before tonight , we tried  to qualify  but we 're missing more players . We had the chance to score but if in these moments you do n't score it 's difficult to win . "  We are not in the Europa League , and for this we should be disappointed . " Elsewhere in Group D , Kaka scored the 28th Champions League goal of his career to become the all-time leading Brazilian goalscorer in the competition . The Real Madrid star was on target during his side 's 4-1 win over Ajax with Cristiano Ronaldo and a brace from Jose Callejon completing the rout . Kaka 's strike takes him past former Barcelona star Rivaldo , who had led the way with 27 goals to his name . Messi and Ronaldo battle for Ballon d'Or Ronaldo 's effort was his 61st goal of 2012 , one more than last year , and his seventh against Ajax in the Champions League . The win means Real qualify in second place behind Borussia Dortmund . In Group A , Paris Saint-Germain claimed a 2-1 victory and top spot against Porto with both teams already having qualified for the next stage . Thiago Silva and Ezequiel Lavezzi were on target for the home side with Jackson Martinez netting for Porto , which finishes second in the group . Dynamo Kiev was forced to play through a snow storm during its 1-1 draw at Dinamo Zagreb . Both teams were led off the field with just 11 minutes on the clock as a blizzard forced the game to be halted . After a 17 minute delay , it was Kiev which looked like emerging victorious thanks to Andriy Yarmolenko 's strike on the stroke of halftime . But a 90th minute penalty by Ivan Krstanovi , Dinamo 's first goal of the competition , rescued a point for his side . Fans cemetery : From the cradle to the grave service provided by Schalke Schalke topped Group B following a hard-fought 1-1 draw at Montpellier . The German side took a 56th minute lead through Benedikt Hwedes only for Emanuel Herrera to grab an equalizer . Olympiakos will play in the Europa League following its 2-1 win against an Arsenal side , which had already qualified for the last-16 . The visitors had taken the lead through Tomas Rosicky but goals from Giannis Maniatis and Kostas Mitroglou gave the Greek side victory . Mexes wonder goal lifts Milan into knockout stages In Group C , Zenit St.Petersburg pulled off a shock 1-0 win at AC Milan . Captain Danny scored the only goal of the game after 35 minutes to ensure the Russian side 's place in the Europa League . Milan finish second in the group , four points behind winners Malaga . The La Liga club , which was held 2-2 by Anderlecht , became the first side from Spain to start a Champions League game with just one Spanish player . Duda scored both goals for Malaga with Anderlecht 's strikes coming from Milan Jovanovic and Dieumerci Mbokani .	Manchester City crashes out of Europe following 1-0 defeat in Dortmund Kaka becomes the all-time leading Brazilian goalscorer in the Champions League Zenit records shock 1-0 win at AC Milan to secure Europa League berth Olympiakos defeats Arsenal 2-1 to qualify for Europa League
With the beheading of a second American journalist , Steven Sotloff , militant group ISIS delivered another brutal message to the Western world . And , as with the execution of journalist James Foley before him , ISIS ended its video -- titled "  A second message to America " -- with a threat to another Western hostage , this time a Briton . The three are not the only Westerners held by the militant group . And their plight has raised fears for the safety of all those taken hostage . Thousands of Syrians and Iraqis have been slain by ISIS militants as the Sunni extremist group seeks to build an Islamic caliphate stretching across a swath of territory . But the execution of Western captives holds greater shock value outside the region 's borders -- and represents a powerful propaganda tool . CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said that the method of killing has a specific purpose for ISIS . A video like the one showing Sotloff 's killing "  really energizes " supporters of ISIS , and beheading is employed for "  maximum propaganda " to "  terrify " ISIS ' enemies , Cruickshank said . Alternatively , Western hostages , often journalists or aid workers , can be a useful tool if kept alive : either freed for hefty ransoms , used as bargaining chips for the militants ' ends or sold on to other extremist groups . It 's hard to know how many captives there are because governments , employers and families tend to keep kidnappings quiet for fear of putting the victims in greater danger while negotiators work to secure their release . ISIS is believed to be holding a number of Americans , a U.S. official told CNN after Foley 's execution . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , declined to identify them or say exactly how many Americans are being held . Missing journalists The Committee to Protect Journalists estimates that about 20 journalists are missing in Syria -- most of them local , some from outside Syria . It says many of them are believed to be held by ISIS . Among them is American Austin Tice , a freelance journalist who was contributing articles to The Washington Post . He disappeared in Syria in August 2012 . There has been no word of or from him since his abduction . Altogether , more than 80 journalists have been abducted in Syria since the conflict started , according to the CPJ . Some have been freed , others killed . Often a media blackout on journalists ' abductions is lifted only in best - and worst-case scenarios . The kidnapping of American journalist Peter Theo Curtis was publicized only after he was handed over to U.N. peacekeepers in August by al-Nusra Front , a Syrian rebel group with al Qaeda ties , after almost two years in captivity . Qatari officials helped secure his release , his family said . It emerged after Foley 's death that U.S. special operations units were sent into Syria this summer to rescue him and other hostages , but their mission proved unsuccessful . Richard Byrne , a spokesman for the news website GlobalPost , also revealed that ISIS had demanded a ransom of 100 million euros  about $ 132 million  for Foley 's release . The journalist freelanced for GlobalPost and other news organizations . After his death , Foley 's mother , Diane , expressed concern about other hostages on the Free James Foley Facebook page . "  We implore the kidnappers to spare the lives of the remaining hostages . Like Jim , they are innocents . They have no control over American government policy in Iraq , Syria or anywhere in the world , " she wrote . Sotloff 's mother , Shirley Sotloff , also had directed an emotional plea for her son 's release to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , to no avail . Beheading of American journalist recalls past horrors To pay or not to pay ? Fears for the safety of Westerners held by Islamist militants have also highlighted the different approaches taken by governments when it comes to kidnappings . The UK government has a hard-line policy of never paying ransoms . The U.S. government also does not negotiate with terrorists . At the same time , other European governments in the past are thought to have handed over cash to terror groups to ensure the release of nationals . The United States , as in the case with the thwarted Foley mission , has in the past attempted hostage rescues . Sometimes these can work out , as happened in 2012 when Navy SEALs rescued U.S. aid worker Jessica Buchanan and fellow aid worker Poul Thisted of Denmark after three months ' captivity in Somalia . They had been abducted while traveling there for the Danish Refugee Council . But sometimes , such attempts fail . Linda Norgrove , a kidnapped British aid worker , was accidentally killed by a U.S. grenade during a SEAL rescue bid in Afghanistan in 2010 . The UK government said it had attempted to rescue the British citizen shown in the latest ISIS video "  some time ago " but failed . UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond provided scant details of the rescue attempt or any other plans in the works . "  You would n't expect me to discuss various options that we will be considering , " he said . "  But I can assure you that we will look at every possible option to protect this person . " Tortured , beaten in captivity While negotiations for potential releases continue , little or nothing is made public about the hostages ' background or their plight . Out of public view , Sotloff 's family members , their congressional representative and a number of government agencies had tried to gain his release for the past year . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry highlighted the efforts made behind the scenes in a statement Wednesday . "  For so many who worked so long to bring Steven and the other Americans home safely , this was not how the story should 've ended , " he said . "  It 's a punch to the gut . The U.S. government has used every military , diplomatic and intelligence tool we have , and we always will . Our special operations forces bravely risked a military operation to save these lives , and we 've reached out diplomatically to everyone and anyone who might be able to help . That effort continues , and our prayers remain -- as they always are -- with the families of all hostages who remain trapped in Syria today . " Beaten , tortured After Foley 's death , details slowly emerged of the experiences he endured after his abduction while he was on a reporting trip in northern Syria in November 2012 . A source who says he was held last year with Foley told CNN 's Bharati Naik that he , Foley and another journalist were held from March to August 2013 in a prison in Aleppo , Syria . At the time , the source -- who spoke on condition of anonymity -- said they were being held by al-Nusra Front . At one point , according to the source , there were nearly 100 people -- including European journalists -- in the prison . The source said Foley and the other journalist , who was not Sotloff , were transferred to an ISIS training camp . Foley and the other journalist , according to the source , were tortured in prison -- mostly beaten . French journalist Nicolas Henin , who was taken hostage in June 2013 with French photographer Pierre Torres , told CNN that he also had been held with Foley in northern Syria before his release this year -- and that Foley "  had to endure more because he was American . " Henin and Torres were freed along with two other French journalists , Didier Franois and Edouard Elias , on April 19 . It 's not known what went on behind the scenes to secure their freedom , but French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius insisted that France had not paid a ransom , Radio France Internationale reported at the time . Other Westerners held in Syria also have been released in recent months . Two Spanish journalists held for more than six months in Syria -- El Mundo staff correspondent Javier Espinosa and freelance photographer Ricardo Garcia Vilanova -- were freed in March . At the time of their capture , El Mundo said the journalists ' captors were reported to be members of a group linked to ISIS . And a Danish photographer , Daniel Rye Ottosen , was freed in June , the Danish Foreign Ministry said , having been held captive in Syria since May 2013 . ISIS puts pressure on Obama to act	ISIS has other Western hostages besides the two murdered American journalists Hostages can be useful bargaining chips or exchanged for ransom payments U.S. and UK governments have policies against paying ransom for hostages Abductions are often kept quiet for fear of jeopardizing efforts to secure the release of the victims
CNN  -- Coming soon to your TV : a high-stakes recipe contest for home cooks , a giant boxing glove that knocks players into icy water and challenges carried out entirely in the dark . Maybe . These are a few of the television formats for sale next week at MipTV , the world 's largest marketplace for TV programming , held in Cannes , France . Beginning Sunday and for the next three days , about 12,000 attendees will examine the formats and programs of more than 1,200 TV producers , up 25 % from last year . For the smart TV executive , it 's a chance to find ratings gold . Some of America 's most popular TV shows , including "  American Idol , " "  Dancing With the Stars , " "  Big Brother , " "  The Voice " and "  America 's Got Talent , " started out as formats sold to networks after they proved successful in other countries . In addition to the structure of the show , the format seller provides the know-how , helping buyers adapt the program to the unique characteristics of viewers in each country . It 's a business that 's been growing since 1951 when "  What 's My Line ? " on CBS was sold to the BBC . And it 's gotten bigger every year . "  I think in these times when there is pressure on budgets , people rely on alternative formats because they know they 're getting well thought-out programs that have proven their worth in a number of territories , " said Trish Kinane , president of worldwide entertainment for London-based FremantleMedia , a world leader in format sales . FremantleMedia has a huge catalog of TV formats for sale , but at MipTV it will shine a spotlight on "  Recipe to Riches , " a Canadian production . In that show , home cooks prepare their favorite recipes in a designated category , such as appetizers one week or entrees the next . The day after each show , the winning food item is featured in supermarkets across the country . Shoppers buy and taste the items and then vote for the best one overall . "  It 's not just a traditional cooking show , " Kinane said . "  In Canada , of the top 10 products over the last 10 years , four have come as a result of this show . " Another show on FremantleMedia 's menu is "  The Boxing Glove , " developed by Fuji Television in Japan . Here , contestants stand above a pool of icy water . An enormous boxing glove swings slowly toward them . A TV monitor in the glove shows a question . A correct answer brings the glove to a stop . In "  Total Blackout , " contestants are put in a completely dark room and play games , including trying to identify items by touch . The Syfy cable network already bought the show for the United States and will premiere its American version on April 25 with Jaleel White as host . The event also gives U.S.-based shows a shot at the international market . In a press release , cable network A&E touted "  450 hours of new programming for international broadcasters . " "  A+E Networks comes to MIP TV with a newly expanded sales staff and a dynamic programming catalog that features some of the highest -  rated  series and formats on U.S. pay TV , " Marielle Zuccarelli , managing director for A&E Networks international content distribution , said in the release . "  Our lineup is headlined by the epic mega-doc , ` Mankind : The Story of All of Us , ' and our hit formats will feature high on the agenda as we aggressively ramp up this area of our business and roll out some of our latest productions . " Game and reality shows have had the greatest success at MipTV , but nothing is guaranteed . The CW 's dating show , "  Farmer Wants a Wife , " and the NBC quiz show "  The Weakest Link " failed to win big ratings in the United States despite becoming hits elsewhere . Comedy and drama formats also are for sale . Over the years , some of America 's most beloved scripted shows were conceived elsewhere , then adapted for U.S. viewers . "  Till Death Us Do Part " became "  All in the Family , " "  Steptoe and Son " transformed into "  Sanford and Son " and "  Man About the House " turned into "  Three 's Company . " More recently , "  The Office " was successfully adapted from the British original and gave NBC a hit . Other recent attempts have n't worked out as well . Examples of flops include "  Prime Suspect , " "  Life on Mars , " "  Wild at Heart , " "  Life Is Wild , " "  Kath & Kim , " "  Eleventh Hour , " "  Coupling " and "  Blackpool "  which became "  Viva Laughlin "  . "  Comedy is very much of its time and often is dependent on the character and the performer , " Kinane said . "  It 's about the zeitgeist . I think comedies will work in the short term , but they 're not going to be like ` The Price Is Right . ' " Kinane predicted that interactive shows , such as "  Recipe to Riches , " where viewers can watch a show and then eat the food the next day , will start a trend among TV format producers . "  Viewers love being involved , and this is just going one step further , " she said . Of course , such shows must be taped long before they are aired . "  It takes seven months for the supermarket to get the product in stores , " she said .	About 12,000 attendees will examine formats and programs for sale next week at MipTV Format sellers help buyers adapt programs to the viewers in different countries It 's a TV business that 's been growing since 1951 Interactive shows such as Canada 's "  Recipe to Riches " may start a trend
CNN  Whether they 're hanging inside prestigious art hotspots , such as the Museum of Modern Art in New York , or in the houses of Elton John and Richard Branson , the thought-provoking creations of Kudzanai Chiurai have captivated audiences across the world . Aged just 31 , Zimbabwean-born Chiurai is one of the fastest-rising talents in the contemporary African art scene . His arresting body of work is increasingly defined by the use of mixed media , as Chiurai combines paintings and drawings with videos and photographs to address issues such as democracy and xenophobia . But for some , Chiurai is much more than an artist . He has been described as a poet , an activist and a cultural philosopher who uses his striking -- and at times dark -- creations to tackle the political and social issues that are close to his heart . "  You ca n't escape politics , " explains Chiurai , who lives and works in South Africa . "  Everything 's political in the sense like how we 're socialized . " Read more : Africa 's answer to the New Yorker A trained painter , Chiurai was the first black student to graduate with a Bachelor 's degree in fine art from South Africa 's University of Pretoria . He started his career painting landscapes and portraits but his activism soon started appearing in his work . He stirred up controversy during the build-up to Zimbabwe 's violent and disputed 2008 elections with a series of controversial depictions of president Robert Mugabe . Chiurai 's posters , which showed Mugabe in flames with horns on his head , raised the ire of Zimbabwe 's ruling elite and got Chiurai into trouble . The young artist says he was threatened with arrest and has been living in self-imposed exile ever since . Although he knew the implications of criticizing one of Africa 's most feared strongmen , Chiurai remained unfazed . He describes the hardships that many of his countrymen were suffering amid a deepening economic crisis in the once-prosperous southern African country . "  Art has always played an important role in telling these stories , " he explains . "  Whether it 's through painting or posters ; whether it mirrors a thought or it mirrors an idea ; whether it mirrors a conversation that should be had . I thought that , in that instance , it was possible to do that in one image . " The series of posters galvanized Zimbabweans living in South Africa to speak out against what was happening in their country . Inspired by British street artist Banksy , Chiurai also used stencils and spray paint to create outdoor murals depicting the fear of elections in Zimbabwe and xenophobic attacks in South Africa . Read more : Graffiti art targets Kenyan ` vultures ' Chiurai 's work about the political situation in Zimbabwe turned him into a poster boy for the country 's new struggle , while some compared him to Chinese artist Ai Weiwei for daring to stand up his country 's leadership . "  With every generation you always want to be the generation that contributed something , " he says . "  I always say if there 's a vacancy in history , you should apply for it ... So for me it was that -- the poster boy thing sort of came as a result of that but then for me it was like I wanted to do something , I thought that was important . " But the recent defacing of a controversial painting of South African president Jacob Zuma and violent demonstrations in Tunisia over what some have branded religiously offensive art have many questioning whether artistic expression is being suppressed in parts of the continent . Chiurai sees it as the re-emergence of artistic activism . He says that this is something the world needs more of . "  It is very important for the average person to have a voice out there , " he says . "  So it 's more important now than ever . " Chiurai 's latest installation , "  Conflict Resolution , " is currently being shown in one of the world 's most esteemed art displays : the Documenta 13 in Kassel , Germany . For "  Conflict Resolution , " he combined a series of narrative mediums to make art accessible to a new generation of Africans -- a group he says no one tries to talk to . "  We 're almost kind of left to our own devices and we 're raised by YouTube , or we 're raised by DStv " he says . "  They are like our pseudo family , these sort of multimedia spaces , like bloggers have become brothers and sisters to random people . " Through his art , Chiurai says , he wants to spark a conversation with the youth of the continent . "  Being able to find a way to communicate with people -- and beyond just writing within a blog space or within live TV -- if it 's in some way engaging to them , I think you have sort of started a conversation with them because it 's within a language they understand . So it makes the communication easier . " Being born a year after Zimbabwe 's independence , Chiurai is part of what is known as the "  Born-Free generation " on the African continent . He says that some young Africans are beginning to realize the influence and power they hold . "  They underestimate their capabilities and abilities to be able participants in change and the direction of politics , " he says . "  Some are starting to see that and acknowledge that . We are in a position where we can change or contribute something . We are in a position where , as a ` Born-Free generation , ' we wo n't be forgotten . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Kudzanai Chiurai is an internationally recognized artist from Zimbabwe He uses mixed media to address issues such as democracy and xenophobia Chiurai has also been described as an activist and cultural philosopher
CNN  -- A 320,000-signature petition protesting Russia 's stance on gay rights ahead of the Winter Olympics in Sochi early next year was presented to Olympic bosses in Switzerland on Wednesday . The petition , delivered to the International Olympic Committee headquarters in Lausanne by gay rights group All Out , calls on Russia to repeal its anti-gay propaganda law in advance of the Sochi Games . It also urges the IOC to condemn the law and urged Russia to ensure the security of all visitors , athletes and Russian people before , during , and after the Games . Implemented last month , after Russian President Vladimir Putin signed it into effect , the law bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear . It has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . "  Ironically , the global outcry is transforming Sochi into an amazing platform for Russians and athletes to defy the law and speak out on gay rights , " said All Out co-founder and executive director Andre Banks . About 50 Swiss members of All Out joined leaders of the organization to present the petition , said All Out spokesman Guillaume Bonnet . Obama cancels talks with Putin ahead of G-20 summit The IOC said last week that it had "  received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . " But in a meeting Wednesday with All Out representatives , senior IOC staff said they would pursue a stronger , written commitment from the Russian government on the issue , Bonnet told CNN . Such direct meetings between senior IOC staffers and protest groups are very rare , Bonnet said -- and a sign that the IOC is taking the matter "  very seriously . " IOC spokeswoman Sandrine Tonge told CNN the IOC had met with representatives of All Out , received their petition and "  engaged in an open and constructive discussion . " The IOC reiterated its position "  that sport is a human right and should be available to all regardless of race , sex or sexual orientation , " she said . "  The Games themselves should be open to all , free of discrimination , and that applies to spectators , officials , media and , of course , athletes . We would oppose in the strongest terms any move that would jeopardise this principle . " The All Out petition was accompanied by a letter from British actor Stephen Fry and thousands of signatures from former Olympians and athletes collected by the group Athlete Ally , to show solidarity with the gay community . Four-time Olympic gold medalist Greg Louganis , NFL linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo , tennis player Mardy Fish and Australian women 's cricket player Alex Blackwell were among those to put their name to the call for equal treatment for all . Anger grows over anti-gay propaganda laws Vodka boycott There has been a groundswell of international concern over the anti-gay propaganda law and its potential impact on visitors to Russia for the Games . Protests have ranged from a number of bars around the world announcing a boycott of Russian vodka to calls from some quarters for a boycott of the Games themselves . All Out hopes its petition will encourage world leaders to put pressure on Russia to change its treatment of the LGBT community and to ensure equal rights for all Russian citizens before and after the Games , Bonnet said . "  Unless the Sochi Games set an example of the rights and freedoms being exercised without prejudice , the discriminatory anti-LGBT law will serve to punish people simply for being open about who they are and who they love , " Anastasia Smirnova , from the Russian LGBT Network in St. Petersburg , is quoted by All Out as saying . "  We continue our call for world leaders , including the IOC , to speak out now before it is too late . " Asked Tuesday on NBC 's "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " about Russia 's treatment of the gay community , President Barack Obama said he had "  no patience " with it . "  I 've been very clear that when it comes to universal rights , when it comes to people 's basic freedoms , that whether you are discriminating on the basis of race , religion , gender or sexual orientation , you are violating the basic morality that I think should transcend every country , " Obama said . "  And I have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgendered persons in ways that intimidate them or are harmful to them . " On Wednesday , the White House cited a "  lack of progress " on human rights and civil society , among other issues , as a reason for canceling planned bilateral talks between Obama and Putin next month . Banks , of All Out , said Obama had "  really got the message right . " He added , "  Holding the Winter Olympics in Sochi with these laws in place is like holding the Games in Johannesburg at the height of apartheid . " Opinion : Make Olympics in Russia the gayest ever ` Polite and tolerant ' Russian politician Igor Anaskikh , deputy chairman of the Parliament 's Physical Culture , Sport and Youth Policy committee , told Russian news agency Interfax last week that the law will not be applied to visitors during the Games . "  The Olympic Games is a major international event . We need to be as polite and tolerant as possible . That is why a decision has been made not to raise this issue during the Olympics , " he is quoted as saying . Human Rights Watch has described the anti-gay propaganda law as "  a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill that is bound to worsen homophobia in Russia . " The rights group also pointed to an increase in attacks in Russia on members of the LGBT community and gay rights activists as cause for concern . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : All Out welcomes President Barack Obama 's support for gay rights in Russia The gay rights group All Out delivers a petition to the International Olympic Committee The petition calls for Russia to repeal an anti-gay propaganda law and seeks world pressure There are concerns that gay visitors at the Sochi Olympics may be at risk from the law
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration announced Thursday it is conducting a safety review of the asthma drug Xolair after data from an ongoing study suggested an increased number of heart attacks and strokes among patients who use it . The drug , made by Genentech and co-marketed by Novartis , was approved in 2003 . The study , which started in 2004 and is slated to end in 2012 , was mandated by the agency as part of its post-approval process . The data "  suggest a disproportionate increase in ischemic heart disease , arrhythmias ... cardiac failure " and other conditions "  in patients treated with Xolair compared to the control group of patients not given the drug , " the agency said . Xolair is approved for use by adults and adolescents  12 and older  with moderate to severe persistent asthma who react to a perennial airborne allergen and whose symptoms are not well controlled with inhaled corticosteroids . The study that raised the questions is called "  Evaluating the Clinical Effectiveness and Long-Term Safety in Patients with Moderate to Severe Asthma " -- EXCELS for short . It counted outcomes among some 5,000 Xolair-treated patients and compared them with a control group of about 2,500 patients who were not taking Xolair . The FDA did not recommend changes to the prescribing information and is not advising patients to stop taking Xolair . The agency said it is working with Genentech to get more information . It noted that the observational study is not a randomized trial , the kind that researchers consider to be the gold standard in determining cause and effect . In an observational trial , there can be differences in underlying risk factors for heart attack and stroke between the two study groups . The agency underscored the uncertainty it faces in deciding how to act : "  Posting this information does not mean that FDA has concluded there is a causal relationship between the drug products and the emerging safety issue , " it said . "  Nor does it mean that FDA is advising health care professionals to discontinue prescribing these products . FDA is considering , but has not reached a conclusion about , whether this information warrants any regulatory action . " In an e-mail , Novartis noted that the study was being "  conducted in a real-world setting " so the two groups "  differed in their baseline characteristics . " The patients being treated with Xolair , it said , "  had more severe asthma " and related conditions . That , along with the focus of the study 's data collection , made it hard to determine whether the relationship to strokes and heart attacks was causal , it said . But patients and their doctors must cope with even more uncertainty than the FDA has faced , given that neither the drug company nor the agency is making public the data that sparked the alert . "  We 're not getting into numbers at this point because we 're still in that evaluation stage , " said Genentech spokeswoman Tara Cooper . "  It 's premature to really get into the details at this point . " The drug is used by 30,000 to 35,000 patients , representing less than one half of 1 percent of the eligible patient population , Cooper said . It is administered by injection every other week in a doctor 's office . The estimated annual cost of the drug to the doctor -- before it gets marked up for the patient -- is about $ 19,000 , Cooper said . Dr. Tom Casale , the executive vice president of the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology , said he will recommend that his patients who are on the drug remain on it . "  These are the patients that are more likely to have  emergency room  visits , hospitalizations and more problems with their asthma , " he said . Still , he said , he would like to see the data that the FDA regulators have seen .	Study suggests increased number of heart attacks , strokes among Xolair users FDA says results are from observational study , not a randomized trial FDA is not advising asthma patients who use Xolair to stop Drug is used by up to 35,000 patients with moderate to severe persistent asthma
CNN  -- Russell Westbrook 's impressive 43 points were not enough to end the Oklahoma City Thunder 's losing streak in game four of this year 's NBA finals . They lost 104-98 , their third-straight loss against the Miami Heat . The Thunder , who went into the game down two in the best-of-seven series , looked like a team determined to make a comeback , surging to a quick lead that topped out at 17 points in the first quarter . However , the Heat brought the game to within three by the half and never looked back -- thanks mainly to the influential LeBron James . James , who had 26 points and 12 assists , sat out the final minutes of the game with a cramp in his quadriceps . But he went to the bench only after sinking a momentum-changing three-pointer to put the Heat up 97-94 . "  The ball was swung to me ... I just wanted to step up and make a play with the limited mobility that I had , " James told reporters after the game , in quotes carried by NBA.com . "  My teammates were able to close it from there . " The Heat were also aided by point guard Mario Chalmers , who put up 25 points in his 34 minutes of play . Up to this point , Chalmers has been noticeably quite in the series , scoring only two points in game three . "  I think they kind of forgot about me and let me roam a little bit more tonight , " Chalmers said of his repeated opportunities to pull up and shoot . But Chalmers is known for coming up big when it counts the most . "  He 's done it time and time again in big games in college , big games in the pros , " Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said . "  You ca n't teach that . He gave us a lift tonight that we really needed . " Again , the final minutes of play were defined by mistakes on the part of Oklahoma City . With less than 20 seconds remaining on the clock , Westbrook fouled Chalmers , despite the fact that only five seconds remained on the shot clock . "  It was just a mis-communication on my part , " Westbrook told reporters after the game . "  Nothing I can do about it now . " When asked about whether his performance vindicated himself in anyway after being hit hard by media over the off-season , Westbrook did n't mince words in saying none of it mattered . "  What you guys say does n't make me happy or make me sad , " he said . "  It 's not me against the world . It 's me and my teammates trying to win . " The fifth game of the series tips off Thursday in Miami .	Miami Heat defeated Oklahoma City Thunder 104-98 to go up 3-1 in NBA Finals Thunder guard Russell Westbrook scored a game-high 43 points to no avail Heat 's LeBron James sat out final minutes with cramps after making crucial three-pointer Guard Mario Chalmers ' 25-point-performance was clutch , coach Erik Spoesltra said
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray claimed he was giving up a $ 1-million-a-month medical practice to serve as Michael Jackson 's doctor , a lawyer testified Tuesday . Kathy Jorrie , who negotiated and wrote the contract between AEG Live and Murray , was called as a witness in the wrongful death trial of the concert promoter . Murray , who agreed to work as Jackson 's full-time physician for his comeback concerts for $ 150,000 a month , is serving a prison term for involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's drug overdose death . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter was liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . Drug use explored in trial Murray told Jorrie during negotiations that he was closing down four medical clinics that were making $ 1 million each month to take the job , Jorrie testified . Testimony in Murray 's criminal trial revealed he only operated two clinics -- one in Las Vegas , Nevada , and the other in Houston , Texas . A Los Angeles Police detective testified earlier in this civil trial that Murray was more than $ 1 million in debt and that his Las Vegas medical clinic faced eviction in the months before he was hired to treat Jackson . Jackson lawyers argue AEG Live executives were negligent because they failed to check Murray 's background , which they contend would have revealed his debts and misrepresentations about his successful practices . Michael Jackson trial : Who is Debbie Rowe ? AEG Live executives testified that they relied on assurances by Jackson that Murray was his "  longtime personal doctor , " concluding that he was competent for the tour position . A music industry veteran hired as an expert witness by Jackson lawyers testified earlier that AEG Live 's negotiations with Murray were "  highly inappropriate . " The agreement to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month set up an "  egregious " conflict of interest in which the physician was beholden to the company and himself before Jackson 's interests , David Berman , who once headed Capitol Records and worked for decades as an entertainment lawyer , testified . The contractual relationship between AEG Live and Murray was "  not unlike the team doctor for a football team , where the quarterback is injured and the doctor comes to the medical conclusion that the quarterback should be taken out of the game for a period of weeks , but the team does n't want him out , " Berman said . "  There is an inherent conflict . " Bad news hurt Jackson 's earning potential Berman , called as an expert witness on music industry contracts , also noted that the contract said AEG Live could terminate Murray if concerts were postponed or canceled . "  The fact that if the tour is even just postponed that AEG Live has the ability to cease any further compensation for Dr. Murray , giving Dr. Murray even greater conflict of interest since he was in financial dire straits . He did need this gig and if it was postponed , which could hypothetically be in the best interest of Michael Jackson , he ran the risk of losing any further compensation , " he testified . Berman testified that AEG Live executives should have recognized there could be a problem with Murray when he initially asked for $ 5 million for one year as Jackson 's doctor . "  That is a pretty bizarre amount , " he said . The eventual agreement to pay the doctor $ 150,000 a month was still "  an exorbitant amount , more than any other person on the tour was paid , " he said . "  Even more of a red flag since AEG was aware of another doctor who was willing to take the job for $ 40,000 a month . " Murray told investigators that he gave Jackson nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol for two months to treat his insomnia . The coroner ruled Jackson died from a propofol overdose on June 25 , 2009 . The wrongful death trial , in its 15th week , is expected to continue into September . Read more : Ex-bodyguard testifies about singer 's drug use	Lawyer Kathy Jorrie negotiated and wrote the contract between AEG Live and Dr. Murray Murray told Jorrie he was closing four profitable clinics to take the job as Jackson 's doctor An investigator testified Murray was $ 1 million in debt and his clinic faced eviction Jackson lawsuit contends AEG Live failed to check Murray 's background
CNN  -- Memo to Kathie Lee Gifford and the "  Today " show from the Queen of Soul : Do some research before you talk about me ! During the fourth hour of NBC 's morning show on Monday , co-hosts Hoda Kotb and Kathie Lee Gifford were talking with E! correspondent Jason Kennedy about Aretha Franklin wanting to be a judge on "  American Idol , " a story which CNN first reported . Gifford emphatically said today 's generation of music lovers do n't know who the 18-time Grammy Award winner is . "  If they are looking for a younger demographic , there are a lot of kids out there  who  actually do n't know who Aretha Franklin is . It 's sad , but they do n't , " Gifford said . Then , Kennedy poured more cold water on the idea of Franklin doing the show , saying she does n't like to fly and that will make it hard for her to travel across the country for auditions . "  She does not fly . She needs to get over that  doing ` Idol '  , " he said . A few hours later , Franklin responded in an e-mail , exclusively obtained by CNN . In it , she set the record -- and her critics at "  Today " -- straight . "  While I enjoy Kathie Lee and Hoda daily , her assessment is totally wrong ! " Franklin wrote . "  I 've been to California from Detroit four times this year and Florida . I go wherever I choose to go comfortably on my custom bus . "  Further , my audience and fans span the age of 8 to 90 ! And are multi-ethnic , and I am very well known to young adults , tweens and teens . Their parents play my music and I take care of my business whenever I sign on the dotted line ! "  I 'm surprised Kathie Lee did not research my worldwide celebrity audience ! She 's usually right on top of things with a great sense of humor , but she 's totally wrong this time . She should research me before she speaks about me . I 'm sure she thought she was right ; still enjoy Hoda and Kathie Lee ! " As for be a judge on "  Idol , " Franklin made it clear she 's up for the task . "  I could enjoy being a judge for a season or two . Let 's kick it up a few notches and have a slammin ' , jammin ' season , " she wrote . Randy Jackson on depature of J. Lo , Steven Tyler	Aretha Franklin told CNN she 'd like to be a judge on "  American Idol " Kathie Lee Gifford wonders whether younger people know Queen of Soul Jason Kennedy of E! wonders whether she could go to auditions since she does n't fly Franklin retorts in e-mail sent to CNN : "  Assessment is totally wrong ! "
