TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Typhoon Melor roared into central Japan on Thursday , leaving two people dead and lashing the region with heavy rain and gusty winds . Utility poles lie buckled in the wake of Typhoon Melor . The storm stayed west of Tokyo , but still caused enough trouble to shut down trains for a time and snarl commuter traffic . Numerous flights were canceled and delayed at the city 's two major airports . In western and northern Japan , Melor tore roofs off homes , downed power lines and flooded roads . The storm contributed to the deaths of a 54-year-old newspaper delivery man in Wakayama , who ran into a fallen tree , and a 69-year-old man from Saitama , who was crushed by a tree . By late Thursday , Melor had weakened to a tropical storm and was heading out to sea . -- CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Typhoon Melor roars into central Japan leaving two people dead Storm avoided Tokyo but caused major disruption to transport networks Storm 's victims were killed by falling trees
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic survived a first set scare as he booked a place in the second round at Roland Garros after a day of intermittent rain disrupted the French Open . Many matches had to be moved and the schedule reduced in the face of inclement weather in Paris , but the world No. 1 eventually disposed of unseeded Belgian David Goffin 7-6 6-4 7-5 . The Serbian did n't get on Court Philippe Chatrier until late in the afternoon but after battling through a tight first set went on to book a round two match with Argentina 's Guido Pella . " -LSB- Goffin -RSB- did really well at the start , and throughout all the match he was playing really nice tennis from baseline , " Djokovic told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  It was a tough match . I needed to fight all the way through every set , and I served well when I needed to and played my best tennis when it was most important . " On his next opponent , Pella , Djokovic added : "  I know he 's one of the specialists on clay ; a new player that is coming up and he made some surprising wins . "  I 'm going to have to prepare myself and be on top of my game because , especially in the opening rounds , you 're playing players that have nothing to lose so I 'm sure that he 's gon na be very motivated to play his best . " Elsewhere in the men 's draw , Australian Bernard Tomic retired hurt after losing the first two sets in his clash with Romania 's Victor Hanescu . The 20-year suffered a muscle tear and at a press conference after his match said his controversial father would remain his coach . John Tomic is facing criminal charges after allegedly headbutting his son 's training partner Thomas Drouet earlier this month , though he is claiming self-defense . "  My dad is in Paris , he 's still my dad and he will remain my coach . I love him a lot , " Bernard was reported as saying by AFP . Two other players were forced to retire during their matches on Tuesday . Colombian Alejandro Falla handed victory to Bulgarian 26th seed Grigor Dimotrov while Germany 's Florian Mayer , seeded 28 , quit during his clash with Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan . Veteran Tommy Haas , the No. 12 seed from Germany , beat unseeded Frenchmen Guillaume Rufin 7-6 6-1 6-3 . He will now play American youngster Jack Sock after the 20-year-old defeated Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in straight sets , 6-2 6-2 7-5 . The No. 9 seed , Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka , eased past unseeded Dutchman Thiemo Be Bakker 7-5 6-3 6-7 7-5 while Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko is also through to round two after a comfortable 6-3 6-4 7-5 win over France 's Florent Serra . Djokovic was forced to wait for his first round match after home favorite Marion Bartoli edged a tense three-hour encounter with Russia 's Olga Govortsova on Court Philippe Chatrier . Bartoli took the first set on a tiebreak but surrendered the second 6-4 before securing the decider 7-5 . World No. 9 Samantha Stosur disposed of the oldest player in the competition -- Japan 's 42-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm -- thanks to a 6-0 6-2 victory in just over an hour . A total of 57 players in the women 's singles draw had not been born by the time Date-Krumm first appeared at the French Open back in 1989 but despite defeat , she became the third oldest female player to participate at Roland Garros . The No. 18 seed , Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic , recorded a 6-4 7-6 victory over Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic through to second round of French Open in Paris Poor weather disrupts day three with some matches switched to Wednesday instead Home favorite Marion Bartoli edges tense three-set encounter with Olga Govortsova Bernard Tomic , Florian Mayer and Alejandro Falla retire from their first round matches
Editor 's note : Donna Brazile , a Democratic strategist , is a political contributor for CNN . She also is the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee 's Voting Rights Institute , an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and founder of Brazile & Associates , a Washington-based political consulting firm . Brazile , who was the campaign manager for the Al Gore-Joe Lieberman ticket in 2000 , wrote "  Cooking With Grease : Stirring the Pots in American Politics , " a memoir about her life in politics . Donna Brazile tells those in losing campaigns it will take weeks to readjust and for the world to appear normal . CNN  -- As someone who knows from experience , I write this open letter to all staff members , volunteers and supporters of candidates who lost last Tuesday . No matter how much it hurts to lose a campaign , know that this , too , shall pass . The campaign is finally over , and you are exhausted and ready to transition to your new life or careers . But before you clean off your desk and throw away everything in the back seat of your car and the apartment you rented during the campaign , take a moment . Shake the hand of someone with whom you worked . E-mail a thank-you note to a person who helped get you through this long political season . In other words , exhale . Campaigns are not for the fainthearted . They are tough -- mentally , physically and spiritually . Once a campaign ends , an emptiness comes over you . You find yourself struggling to figure out how to become human again . Suddenly , you 're going to the grocery store , reading the entire newspaper instead of the clips , and , yes , speaking in complete sentences , not sound bites or barked replies . I know what it 's like to lose a presidential campaign or two or three . No matter how close the results  Gore-Lieberman  or wide the blowout  Walter Mondale-Geraldine Ferraro and Michael Dukakis-Lloyd Bentsen  , you 're in a state of emotional disrepair and in need of a home-cooked meal . Acknowledge your success . Think about the nonstop pace that you thrived in but would crush less hardy individuals . You lived for and met multiple deadlines . You essentially lived with the people you work with and , God bless you , you did n't kill them , though you probably picked up a few bad habits and gained more than a few unwanted pounds . Now you 're sitting at that desk and trying to figure out what to do with everything you 've accumulated throughout the quest to reach the city hall , the statehouse , Capitol Hill or the White House . No matter how hard you try to contain it , you 're both angry and sad . Try not to vent and point fingers . It only creates wounds , mostly self-inflicted , and worse , the candidate you believed in and gave your all for does n't deserve it . Just thinking back to 2000 still gets me upset . Once the Supreme Court ruled and Al Gore made his concession speech , I remember feeling lost and disillusioned . I was empty inside as if someone had used a vacuum cleaner and sucked out every bit of my passion for politics and public service . I had no idea what to do with my life . Nobody seemed interested in hiring me ; the taint from losing closed every door on which I knocked . For a while , I was convinced I would never be accepted again as a political operative . I had no life beyond politics and no idea how to spend my days or evenings . I did n't have a dog back then . I have one now . It was hard listening to the opposition announce members of the transition team who had just spent months beating us over the head . Worse , it was hard to go back to a house I had not lived in for almost a year . In fact , I have not unpacked some boxes from my life in Tennessee . It 's still too painful . I had no energy to start looking for work . I was obsessed with those chads : hanging , swinging and , my favorite , pregnant . Above all else , I did not want to quit fighting . I was angry over the election and the recount . Soon , I realized the world was going to move on , and I would be stuck in the past . The only people who understood my mood were former colleagues . Grieve . Mourn . Let it out . It 's like the death of someone close to you , except there 's no funeral to help bring closure , just more election analysis and pundits spewing out what you did wrong . Be gentle on yourself . It will take you weeks to readjust and for the world to appear normal . Let it be a period of self-reflection and trying to answer the unanswerable "  what ifs . " But then let it go . In a world of nonstop campaigning , the next season starts now . Give yourself a gift . Rent videos and catch up on the movies you missed . Do n't read the front section of the newspaper -- they are full of the other campaign right now . Pick up a copy of People or US Weekly instead . Turn off cable and switch to the Sci Fi Channel -- snakes and flies are healthier than exit polls and demographic trend lines . Above all , call your family . Get back in touch with friends who do n't do politics for a living . Remember why you made the decision to give up your life in the first place . And remember this -- you 're one of the lucky few . You were on a team that made the effort . You fought the good fight . And you had a front-row seat to history . So forget wearing the loser label . The next team will snatch you up . Or you 'll decide to find some other adventure that fulfills your passion . Either way , know your efforts were never in vain . Congratulations to all the team players , the winners and nonwinners who fought gallantly until the end . Take it from an old-timer who still loves politics : You will rise again to fight the next battle . So go get yourself some much needed rest and arise in a few weeks renewed with the spirit of making a difference by serving a cause greater than oneself . Your country needs you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says she knows what it 's like to lose a political campaign She says campaigns are tough on your body , mind and spirit Brazile : Now 's the time to acknowledge your success and get over losses She says the work campaign people do is vital and worth the effort
CNN  -- "  It takes a special person not to barf in the trash bag . " Welcome to the glamorous life of the sailing drone operator . Justice L Bentz , 26 , lives in Antigua and shoots video profiles of some of the world 's most expensive private yachts . Not a bad life . But it does come at the cost of wearing a black bag on your head . "  Sometimes , I fly the drone with my head in a trash bag so I do n't get salt spray from the sea on my equipment , " Bentz explains . "  I 'm inside the bag , looking at my monitor and basically playing a video game -- watching that screen and securing myself so I do n't get thrown around . We go out in the craziest conditions , and the Caribbean winds are really strong . " If Bentz is n't the most appealing sight , out on deck in a black bag , his footage is a different story . Drones have revolutionized what is possible with a camera , but rarely does the end product match this vista of superyachts and Caribbean seas . "  It 's just a perspective you never really see , " says Bentz . "  You can either charter a helicopter to come out for an hour for a thousand euros , or I can come out . "  How much do I cost ? It really depends on what you want . In some cases , it 's more . But I can get shots and angles a normal helicopter ca n't get . "  On the low end , I 'm putting about $ 3,500 in the air . On the high end , up to $ 35,000 . That would be an octocopter with a Canon 5D camera and a three-axis stabilized gimbal , with a two-man operation . " Bentz began flying drones as a hobby , then developed a passion for yachts when he spent two years working on board the 88m-long Maltese Falcon , one of the largest private yachts in the world . All of the technology he uses is custom-built , based on skills he picked up following in his brother 's footsteps as a child . Older brother Tyler was one of the early pro video gamers , picking up awards -- and tens of thousands of dollars -- as a professional Quake 3 player at the turn of the millennium . He now works with Alan Karol , a 31-year-old Polish cinematographer , on larger projects -- of which there are many in a Caribbean racing season teeming with stunning yachts and proud owners . "  People spend this crazy amount of money to have everyone come and race in St Barts or Antigua , " says Bentz , "  so they want something everyone can relate to and enjoy having . " Drones are not limited to the rarefied air of the superyacht club . Some of the world 's leading sailing organizations have been experimenting with similar technology in the hope of transforming the way the sport is shown on TV . "  If we do n't have a TV viewer-ready product , where does that put us in our livelihoods here ? We 've got to get on board , " says Ben Remocker , who works with the 49er sailing class . Remocker has been at the forefront of plans to launch a new "  theater-style " version of sailing , which sees races take place along short , compact courses -- making the action much easier to shoot , and simpler to show on TV . He argues that 's vital for the sport 's future , in a world where Olympic sports are judged on their ability to captivate a global audience . "  We 've used drones quite a bit , " says Remocker . "  One of the limitations is the range but , if we have a shorter course and only a 10-minute race , it 's pretty doable now for a drone to stay in the air for that . "  We can film an entire race cheaply and simply , and you get great perspective . " Rune Neumann piloted the drones at this year 's 49er class junior world championships . He argues this line of work is an art form , about more than simply putting a camera in the air . "  Everybody can film from above , but I want pictures from places where it 's not normally possible to take them , " says Neumann . "  To get the drone out in front of the boat by one or two meters , that 's the difficult part . It 's as difficult to get the shot as it is with a normal camera , there are so many variables . I 'm not always happy about my work -- sometimes you get it , sometimes you do n't . "  My advantage is I 've been a pro sailor and sailed a lot of different boats . So 99 times out of 100 , I know what the sailor is going to do . I can place my drone in the right spot because I can predict what will happen . " There is one obvious danger when you have thousands of dollars in equipment in mid-air , hovering above the ocean between fast-moving boats . "  I 've been close sometimes , " laughs Neumann , when asked how often drones have ditched in the sea or collided with vessels . "  I made an agreement with myself that if I lose one every year , it 's OK . "  I 've seen some of the other guys and they 're hanging 30m away and do n't want to get too close , because it 's dangerous . But you have to get close , otherwise you ca n't get those pictures . " Remocker 's recent efforts to convince sailing 's main governing body , ISAF , to adopt his new , TV-friendly theater-style format have failed . At a conference in early November , the organization 's top executives voted down the plans . That leaves him frustrated , but determined to convince the powers-that-be that this way of capturing his sport is the future . "  I think it 's a hugely wasted opportunity . If it 's not this , it 's got to be something else . The way sailing 's going , we 're on a tough road , " he says . Meanwhile , Bentz is pressing on with new tricks in a world he says is always changing . "  We 're going to switch to remote-control airplanes , " says Bentz . "  It 's cheaper because a quadcopter has four motors , whereas an airplane only has one , and it can fly longer . Battery life is a big issue right now . With an airplane you can kill the motors , glide and hang out for a long time . "  Every couple weeks , there 's stuff that 's coming out . There 's a really good community called DIY Drones and that 's like my bible , pretty much . "  Custom-building is where it 's at . I customize everything , it 's all completely ripped apart and put back together . But there are off-the-shelf solutions . "  It depends on how perfect you want it to be . "	Antigua-based filmmaker shoots video profiles of superyachts using drones Custom-built drones costing between $ 3,500 and $ 35,000 are used for the job Sailing organizations hope drones can help to make the sport TV-friendly
CNN  -- As saber rattling grows over the Syrian president 's alleged use of chemical weapons against his own people , Bashar al-Assad 's once high-profile wife , Asma , has kept a low profile . "  She 's just hunkered down in Damascus , " said Andrew Tabler , a senior fellow with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and author of "  In the Lion 's Den : An Eyewitness Account of Washington 's Battle with Syria . " "  She 's standing by her man . " That 's where she can be seen in photographs of the al-Assads posted this week on Instagram . No images of bloody battle fields mar the view of the president caught in the middle of the civil war . Instead , photo after photo of the couple show a picture of caring . In one , the first lady -- who majored in computer science and French literature at King 's College London -- wipes away a boy 's tear . In another , she is listening intently to a group of women . The photos appeared after the president announced this month that he was adding Instagram to his social media blitz . He also has his own Facebook page and a YouTube channel . A brutal war ? Not to hear al-Assad 's Instagram tell it And , judging from the comments , he has fans in Syria , Russia and Turkey . "  God bless you , " "  We love you , " and "  We want you to win this war " are common comments posted on the images . But not all the remarks are positive . "  This is not the real Syria , " one writer posts . "  Show as the actual Syria , please . " The only reference to the war that has killed more than 100,000 Syrians , according to the United Nations , comes in captions beneath photos of the president shaking hands with soldiers "  protecting civilians " and "  regaining security and stability " in Darraya . The rest of August , according to the account , has been packed with diplomatic functions , awards ceremonies and Asma tossing salad , stirring pots and filling bowls as Muslims broke fast during the holy month of Ramadan . Some of the president 's almost 34,000 Instagram followers seem to sense spin in the postings , with one asking of the fashion-conscious first lady , "  So she managed to find time to stop shopping for shoes ? " and another demanding photos of her Christian Louboutins , the brand of French shoes that can command $ 1,000 a pair . Almost as common as the comments asserting , "  What a load of BS this account is " are followers offering warm wishes of "  God bless you , " "  We love you " and "  We want you to win this war . " Some supporters used a " #LongLiveBasharAlAssad " hashtag . Western intervention looms in Syria The president , who also has a Facebook page and a YouTube channel , began posting the photos July 24 . "  They 're pretty standard , " Tabler said Wednesday in a telephone interview about the propaganda tools . "  I do n't think there are any surprises there . " But Tabler , who once lived in Syria and interacted with the first family , said he had little insight into her current doings . "  We broke relations a long time ago , " he said about the 38-year-old former investment banker with J.P. Morgan , who was born in Britain to a family of Syrian descent . When Asma al-Akhras met Bashar al-Assad during the 1990s , he was studying in London to be an eye doctor . After the death of her beau 's father , Syrian President Hafez Assad , in June 2000 , the ophthalmologist became president and , that December , the couple married . Since then , they have had at least three children . She was reported last spring to be pregnant with a fourth . Before the outbreak of the civil war in Syria in March 2011 , the first lady had projected an image of a reformer . Local merchants routinely praised the secular "  modern image " of al-Assad and his wife , particularly in contrast to Turkey 's pious Sunni prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , whose wife wears an Islamic headscarf . A 2011 Vogue magazine article described her as "  a rose in the desert . " The story , which was published after the uprising had begun , was ridiculed for being tone-deaf to suffering in the country . Though the European Union placed Asma al-Assad and members of her family under sanctions shortly after the article was published , the story presented her as she had worked to be perceived -- as an exceptionally modern woman in the Arab world , Tabler and other experts have said . Unlike other first ladies in the region , she seemed intent on speaking from a position of power and influence . Her focus , she said , was protecting children . Afterward , the writer of the Vogue article told CNN she felt duped by the first lady when she learned that the Syrian president 's forces had killed children . "  I wondered how this English woman I had met who so believed in the youth of Syria could stand by and not do anything , " said Joan Juliet Buck . "  I fell for the line this woman fed me . " Throughout her years as first lady , Asma al-Assad has focused on children . In a 2009 CNN interview , she spoke about the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , saying that she would not tolerate an oppressive and violent regime . She spoke at length about how it broke her heart that children on either side would be caught in the crossfire . That led many observers to expect her to condemn the attacks on civilians , many of them children . But no such response has emerged . Getting to know Syria 's first family In February 2012 , an article published in The Times of London said Asma al-Assad appeared to support her husband , while also seeking dialogue and comfort for the bereaved in the country . According to an e-mail sent through an intermediary from Asma al-Assad 's office , "  The president is the president of Syria , not a faction of Syrians , and the first lady supports him in that role , " The Times reported . Meanwhile , the little that has emerged about her life has contrasted sharply with the brutality of the civil war that has engulfed the country : Leaked e-mails between the president and the first lady showed that she was shopping online for jewelry , art and furniture . On the day of a massive anti-Assad rally in Hama , Asma al-Assad e-mailed a London art dealer about buying tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of art . Analysis : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell CNN 's Eliott McLaughlin and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report	"  She 's just hunkered down in Damascus , " says Andrew Tabler , expert on Syria Happy images on Instagram account contrast with harsh reality on the ground Asma al-Assad is seen at diplomatic functions , awards ceremonies and stirring pots
Washington  CNN  -- Occupy DC demonstrators spent Sunday afternoon discussing how to respond to a call by the National Park Service to stop camping overnight at sites a few blocks from the White House . The park service notified protesters on Friday that they "  may be subject to arrest and their property subject to seizure as evidence " if there are evident "  camping violations " by around noon Monday . The notice for those in McPherson Square and nearby Freedom Plaza said that to comply with the federal agency 's camping regulations , demonstrators must remove all camping material from the sites and leave one side of all temporary structures open at all times . Authorities describe the purpose of the order as necessary to ensure public health and safety . Oakland cleans up after "  Occupy " clash Video posted online from early Sunday showed a man appearing to walk away from U.S. Park Police members as he yelled out , "  I have done nothing wrong . " Two officers tried to grab him before a third officer used a stun gun on the man , who was then handcuffed . A CNN crew witnessed the arrest , which protesters said came after the man went from tent to tent removing notices posted by the National Park Service . There was no immediate comment from park police on the incident , including whether the man was charged . Later in the day , a small group of protesters met for about three hours under the statue of Civil War hero Maj. Gen. James McPherson , which is in the middle of the park . A protester named Eli -- who would only give his first name , and who was n't participating in the meeting -- said one of the ideas being mulled if Monday 's deadline were imposed would be to hold a "  sleep strike , " in which demonstrators would play board games and do other things throughout the nights to avoid the "  sleeping activities " banned by the Park Service . "  I plan on not leaving and not sleeping as long as possible , " Eli said . Pastor Brian Merritt of Washington 's Palisades Community Church said area churches have discussed helping house some of the protesters overnight so that they could continue a 24-hour vigil if park police began enforcing the rules against overnight encampments . Rich Coffman , a Dallas , Texas , resident who has been camping in the Washington park for three weeks , said demonstrators from Memphis and Nashville , Tennessee , and New York are expected to come Monday to show solidarity with the capital demonstrators . Whatever happens with the camps and police , Caty McClure said it would not alter her and fellow demonstrators ' commitment to their cause or their activism . "  The park and the occupation of the park is a tactic , it 's not the movement , " she said , calling the camps "  a really important symbolic statement . " "  If we ca n't sleep here , that does not end the movement . " Occupy DC is part of a larger activist surge that began last year in New York and quickly spread . While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes , the overarching theme has remained largely the same : populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . Demonstrators in Washington have been camping out in McPherson Square since the beginning of October . There was a daylong confrontation December 4 when protesters erected a wood structure overnight . It was eventually removed , after being deemed unsafe . On Saturday , some of them made noise -- and generated headlines -- in Washington outside the 99th annual Alfalfa Club dinner thrown for high-level dignitaries , including President Obama . As guests arrived , they were forced to pass through Occupy protesters . While police assisted attendees , demonstrators began throwing glitter . Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and other guests accompanying him were among those who were doused with the glitter . CNN 's Courtney Battle contributed to this report .	NEW : A protester says , "  If we ca n't sleep here , that does not end the movement " The National Park Service warned protesters they may be arrested for "  camping violations " Area churches may house activists overnight , a pastor says Video shows a stun gun used on a man after he took down Park Service notices from tents
CNN  -- An American man has been detained in North Korea , two State Department officials told CNN . Diplomatic sources speaking on condition of not being identified said the man is a Korean-American businessman . One of the sources said the businessman had a visa to enter North Korea . The State Department is working with the Swedish Embassy in the North Korean capital , Pyongyang , the officials said . The United States is urging North Korean authorities , through the Swedes , to release the man on humanitarian grounds . Sweden represents America 's interests in North Korea because the United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations . The Swedes have been granted consular access to the man and have visited him , the officials said . The Swedes are asking for regular visits , the officials said . A Swedish official in Stockholm confirmed to CNN that the embassy in Pyongyang is working on the case . The sources declined to provide additional information because of privacy concerns . North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years , increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between Pyongyang and Washington . In 2010 , former President Jimmy Carter helped secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen who had been fined roughly $ 600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea . Gomes , who attempted to commit suicide while in North Korean custody , was believed to be a Christian activist . Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had entered North Korea in March 2009 and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August 2009 after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton . Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear development program . The United States and South Korea held joint military drills in February , despite North Korea 's warning to the South not to carry out the drills , calling them a provocation and threatening to engulf Seoul in a "  sea of flames . " South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors , and last November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report	NEW : Sources say the detainee is a Korean-American businessman The State Department is working on the case with the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A priest accused of child abuse denied the charges Tuesday in a high-profile trial taking place in the shadow of the Vatican . "  I am not a monster . I am innocent , " the Rev. Ruggero Conti said in court . Conti is accused of molesting seven young boys at the Nativita di Santa Maria Santissima parish in Rome . He faces charges of committing sexual violence and prostitution . Two alleged victims told police that Conti masturbated them and forced them to perform oral sex on him in his home , where he often invited them to dinner and to watch movies , according to court documents . Anti-abuse activists say Conti 's superiors knew of allegations against him as early as 2006 but did not do enough to stop him . Prosecutors say they will call Conti 's bishop , Monsignor Gino Reali , to testify . Reali was interrogated by police as part of their investigation into Conti , the activists say . Putting a bishop on the stand in Rome , the capital of deeply Catholic Italy , would be potentially explosive , particularly against the background of a European-wide scandal . The Catholic Church has been rocked this year by allegations of child abuse by Catholic clergy in Ireland , Germany , Austria and the Netherlands , following similar accusations in the United States in the past decade . A damning Irish government-backed report last year said the Dublin Archdiocese had systematically covered up the allegations . Pope Benedict XVI met this month with a group of men in Malta who say they were abused . He prayed and cried with them . He has repeatedly insisted the church will do everything in its power to prevent child abuse . But the trial taking place on his doorstep may undercut such assurances , not least since the alleged abuse of boys took place well after the scandal came to light in the United States . Conti , a former adviser to the mayor of Rome , was arrested in June 2008 , more than a year after an anti-pedophilia organization says it brought accusations against him to Catholic Church officials . Roberto Mirabile , the president of the organization , said his group was warned about Conti by another priest in the spring of 2007 . The group , La Caramella Buona , met with the alleged victims and their families , Mirabile told reporters on Friday . Mirabile himself went to top Vatican officials , including the man responsible for prosecuting alleged child abusers within the Catholic Church , Monsignor Charles Scicluna , he said . Scicluna told the child-protection activist there was no Vatican record of complaints about Conti and advised him to go to the police with his concerns , Mirabile said . Mirabile accused Scicluna of washing his hands of the matter . Scicluna did not respond to CNN attempts to contact him about the case . Caramella Buona officials did go to the police , who launched an investigation in November 2007 . Conti was arrested as he prepared to go to World Youth Day in Australia in June 2008 . Police believe he continued abusing children until March 2008 , Mirabile said . Conti 's superior , Bishop Reali , told police in December 2008 he knew of vague accusations against the priest two years before he was arrested but did not take action , according to court documents . Nino Marazzita , a lawyer for La Caramella Buona , provided CNN with what he said were transcripts of the prosecutor 's interrogation of the bishop . "  You know that there are so many ` rumors , ' " Reali told investigators , according to the lawyer . "  And I ca n't run after each one of them . " Conti accused La Caramella Buona of being ideologically opposed to him in his testimony Tuesday . The group denies it . Reali did not respond to CNN attempts to contact him by phone and e-mail .	Rev. Ruggero Conti denies charges of child molestation at trial in Rome , Italy Potentially explosive trial being held in the shadow of the Vatican Conti , former adviser to mayor of Rome , was arrested in June 2008 Church has been rocked by allegations of child abuse by Catholic clergy in Europe
CNN  -- Wildfires on Spain 's Canary Islands have forced close to 5,000 people from their homes , the local government said Saturday . Weather conditions are complicating efforts to control the flames , which are burning on two of the islands -- La Gomera and Tenerife . "  The crews ... are having trouble stopping the spread of the fires , " said Javier Gonzalez Ortiz , an area economy , security and housing minister . He cited winds , high temperatures and low humidity . Helicopters are helping to work both fires and shelters have been set up to assist those forced from their homes , the government said . The blazes have also forced some road closures . Approximately 2,500 people were evacuated on La Gomera , while the number on Tenerife was reported as slightly more than 2,220 . The Spanish Canary Islands are located off the northwest coast of Africa .	Blazes are burning on the islands of La Gomera and Tenerife Close to 5,000 people have been evacuated Weather conditions are complicating efforts to control the flames
Anyone who imagines U.S. President Barack Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe discussed territorial disputes with China or the U.S. 's "  pivot to Asia " foreign policy during their private dinner in Tokyo on Wednesday likely is n't familiar with the restaurant where the two leaders dined . Ahead of a protocol-bound formal state visit that officially begins on Thursday , Abe took Obama to Sukiyabashi Jiro , the fabled restaurant in Tokyo 's fashionable Ginza district widely regarded as the best sushi restaurant in the world . Diners approach Sukiyabashi Jiro with a sense of reverence . The Japanese food provided by head chef and proprietor Jiro Ono leaves little time for small talk , much less big talk . The focus is on the fish . Heralded as a Japanese national treasure , Ono , who turns 90 next year , is the first sushi chef in the world to receive three Michelin stars . With hundreds of onlookers behind police barriers lining the streets near the restaurant , Obama and Abe , neither wearing neckties , shook hands and entered the basement restaurant . New U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy , also attended the dinner , which lasted about an hour and a half . Like those who have gone before him into this shrine of sushi , Obama did not leave disappointed . "  President Obama told me that , ' I was born in Hawaii and ate a lot of sushi , but this was the best sushi I 've ever had in my life , ' " Abe told Japan 's NHK network after the meal . So what did Obama and Abe experience once the doors closed on their private dinner ? The following review of Sukiyabashi Jiro , originally published by CNN in 2012 , might give a small taste . World 's best sushi at Sukiyabashi Jiro Hidden in a basement attached to the Ginza Metro Station , Sukiyabashi Jiro has vaulted into the worldwide cultural milieu thanks to the 2012 release of the David Gelb feature-length documentary "  Jiro Dreams of Sushi . " Rather than simply watch the spectacular food porn that is Gelb 's doc , I went a step further , traveling directly to the source to offer the following account of chef Jiro 's legendary soft-handed , two-fingered technique that pairs fresh nigiri cuts from the Tsukiji fish market with warm and delicate rice . Here 's how the evening went . Spoiler : I was n't disappointed . 6:58 p.m. Walking through the entrance of Sukiyabashi Jiro , I take a deep breath , slowing my heart rate to match the tranquil environment inside . Minutes earlier , while lost on the streets of Ginza , I was worried about missing the seating on a three-month-old reservation and the resulting 15,000 yen  $ 146  cancellation penalty . But I 've arrived on time , prepared to eat some sushi . Online clamor has it that the folks at Jiro are wary of non-Japanese , some people even going so far as to assert the restaurant 's service is rude ; so I 'm extra cautious , but encounter no such attitude . I 'm escorted to one of 10 seats at this shrine to Japanese sushi , offered a warm towel to clean my hands and face , a cup of tea and even a small rubber pad so that my camera does n't make direct contact with the altar-like counter top . 7 p.m. . The staff wastes no time , quickly asking if I have any dietary restrictions . When I answer no , chef Jiro and his son Yoshikazu immediately present a menu detailing the 19-piece "  Chef 's Recommended Special Course , " followed by the first dish , karei , or sole . A light , flat fish , the sole is expertly glazed with soy sauce and placed atop a two-inch bed of rice . With a bit of hesitation , I forgo chopsticks , soy sauce and wasabi altogether for the traditional fingers-only approach and prepare to enjoy that first taste of perfection . 7:01 p.m. . The karei cleanses my palate , offering a dose of fishiness without overpowering the taste buds . It 's the perfect appetizer , and there 's no doubt that chef Jiro has designed tonight 's custom menu to lead my sense of taste through a special gastronomic journey . 7:02 p.m. Next up , sumi-ika , or squid . Its slightly rubbery texture engages my teeth to chew a bit more and spread the flavor around my mouth . The quality of the fish is already apparent in these first two pieces , but what 's also clear is that Jiro 's special grade of rice , made available only to him , is the unsung hero of this sushi combination . Served at body temperature , the rice is slightly acidic , carrying a distinct flavor of vinegar , and subdues the palate to complement the explosive flavors of the fish . 7:04 p.m. . A naturally slow eater , I 'm already having trouble keeping up with Jiro 's pace , but I have faith that his speed is designed to enhance the culinary experience , and I quickly engulf his next cut , inada , or young yellowtail . Rich in flavor and lightly glazed with soy sauce , the inada is the first real "  fishy fish " in the sequence . 7:05 -7:09 p.m. . The holy trinity of sushi has arrived : Akami , Chu-toro and Oo-toro ; a progression of tuna nigiri , aged up to 10 days , that transitions from the leanest to the fattiest , and ensures that I 'll never again be able to enjoy another restaurant 's raw fish in my mouth quite this much . While the Akami sets the tone , and the Oo-toro rounds out the movement , it 's the Chu-Toro , the lightly marbleized , medium fatty tuna from the upper belly , paired with a hint of wasabi between the fish and the rice , that melts on my tongue , evaporating into a sublime and heavenly flavor as I swallow . 7:11 p.m. Kohada , or gizzard shad , is next , and while I 've never heard of this fish , it 's a member of the herring family and its shiny sliver and blue-spotted skin are so picturesque that I momentarily pause in awe before popping this bite in my mouth . 7:13 p.m. . The marathon continues with akagai , or ark shell clam . The first shellfish on the menu , the akagai carries an interesting slimy texture that 's balanced by an engaging chewiness . 7:15 p.m. Piece number nine is the tako , or octopus . Supposedly massaged by Jiro 's apprentices for 50 minutes prior to serving , the tako is chewy , crunchy and refreshing , and served with a light salt rub . But please , "  no soy sauce , " explain the master chef and his son , the first words they 've uttered during this entire experience . 7:16 p.m. Aji , or horse mackerel , is served . I quickly take the aji down , followed by a small bite of pickled ginger . 7:18 p.m. Next up is kuruma-ebi , or tiger shrimp . A two-piece serving -- one head , one tail -- kuruma-ebi is a hearty and meaty prawn , with vibrant coloring , expertly cut to incorporate the flavor of the head , and a complete work of art . 7:19 p.m. Sayori , or springtime halfbeak , arrives . While not a popular nigiri cut outside of Japan , it 's a beautiful specimen , a long sparkly strip of fish wrapped like a ribbon atop the rice , full of rounded ridges on one side . A species apparently fed upon by predatory fishes , this sayori has just become the victim of a red-blooded carnivore . 7:20 p.m. Never before have I ever seen such a magnificent clam ; the hamaguri , topped with a touch of sweet glaze , is both chewy and satisfying . It carries the distinct flavor of clam , but with none of the regular crunchiness found in shellfish mantle . 7:22 p.m. Piece number 14 , saba , or skinless mackerel . Fresh , fishy , moist and succulent , the saba is another nigiri slice that melts upon consumption . Jiro may not say much , and while many previous customers have mistaken his silence as contempt , the truth is that he speaks with his palms and fingers , which create a combination of fish and rice unmatched by any other . 7:23 -7:26 p.m. Yoshikazu prepares the soft-yet-crunchy seaweed outer layer for another trio of rich flavor : uni , or sea urchin , kobashira , or small scallop abductor muscle and ikura , or salmon roe . A bottom feeder , uni is generally something I avoid , but from the hands of chef Jiro it becomes a creamy , rich morsel of the ocean floor . Kobashira and ikura are equally good , the small scallops glazed and tender , the roe larger than normal , a quick shot of salmon juice squirting out as each individual egg is popped with every chew . 7:28 p.m. Anago , or saltwater eel , is the final fish in the omakase set . Unlike any other eel I 've ever eaten , it carries a sweet kabayaki taste -- Yoshikazu himself once again suggests "  no soy sauce . " 7:29 p.m. . The "  Chef 's Special Course " comes to a close with tamago , a sweet egg that tastes a bit like sponge cake . One of Sukiyabashi Jiro 's many specialties , tamago is a perfect dessert , fluffy and moist , a satisfying end to an intense 30 minutes . 7:31 p.m. I bow slightly toward Jiro , acknowledging his skills , and he bows back . All at once , I 'm whisked away to a booth behind the main sushi bar for a slice of juicy honeydew melon , served for its digestive benefits , and another cup of tea . 7:37 p.m. . While the whole experience is priceless , it 's time to put a figure on this sushi dream . One of Jiro 's shokunin , or "  craftsmen , " then presents me with a bill for 30,000 yen  $ 292  , plus tax , and kindly reminds that it 's cash only . Significantly lighter in the wallet , I surrender . Jiro has lived up to its reputation as the world 's greatest sushi restaurant , and although the price was hefty , the food was certainly worthy . Getting there : Sukiyabashi Jiro , Tsukamoto Sogyo Building , B1/F , 2-15 , Ginza 4-chome , Chuo-ku , Tokyo , Japan  Ginza Metro Station Exit C6  +81  0  3 3535 3600  reservations must be made from a Japanese telephone number  . Hours of operation : 11:30 a.m.-2 p.m. , 5:30 p.m.-8 :30 p.m. Closed on Sundays , public holidays , Saturday evenings , mid-August and year-end holidays .	On Wednesday night , U.S. President Obama dined at what many consider the world 's best sushi restaurant Chef Jiro Ono is the first sushi chef in the world to receive three Michelin stars The 19-piece "  Chef 's Recommended Special Course " costs 30,000 yen  about $ 292
CNN  -- NGOs can be funny , at least that 's what Hussein Kurji is banking on . As a filmmaker in Nairobi , Kenya , he was constantly privy to stories of hilarious ineptitude by supposedly do-good organizations . "  Nairobi has a large development community , and I realized it 's never actually been talked about in the context of comedy . I thought it would be good to bring the two worlds together , " he says . Thus , he was inspired to create "  The Samaritans , " a mockumentary-style show about the inner workings of the NGO world . Characters include Scott , the cocky American brought in as the new country director at the Kenyan field office for "  Aid for Aid "  the organization 's mission is a little unclear  . There 's the substance-addicted former interim director  her "  usual " consists of "  a bottle of 75 % proof vodka , six Valiums and a crack pipe "  and a finance director who refers to posting pictures on "  The Facebook . " Read more : Stunning photos of Kenya at 50 "  The Samaritans is a work of fiction , but based on true stories , " Kurji explains . "  A lot of what we have portrayed has actually occurred , but since it 's a comedy , we exaggerated to get good laughs . " A good deal of inside knowledge is provided by Liam Acton , the actor who plays Scott . In a previous incarnation , Acton actually managed an NGO , a job , he admits , for which he was under qualified . "  I 'm not even a good actor , let alone an NGO worker , " he jokes . Making the switch , he says , was easier than one might imagine . "  There are only about three white actors in Kenya . When the role was written for a white guy , I guess I was privileged to be one , " he says . In truth , though , Acton 's non-profit experience has proved useful to the show , especially in developing his character . "  There are about 20 real-life ` Scotts ' I 've come across in my time -LSB- in Nairobi -RSB- . He 's an amalgamation of different despicable elements , " he says . Since the episodes have gone live , Kurji says several NGO workers have reached out to share their more ludicrous stories . Prime examples include the charity that auctioned off a permit to hunt a black rhino in Namibia for $ 350,000 -- money raised to conserve the black rhino species -- and an NGO that spent money sending a technologically challenged motivational speaker to a South African village to teach the local school children IT skills . Read this : Kenyan yoga strikes a pose "  There 's a fine line between what 's funny , and what 's truly tragic , " says Acton . Kurji used Kickstarter to fund the pilot for the show , and is relying on donations through the show 's website  all pledges enable donors to watch the first two episodes -- the only ones produced at the moment  to finish the season . The show has proved popular . So far , the trailer has garnered nearly 92,000 views on YouTube alone . At one point , it was the most popular clip in Kenya . Somewhat bafflingly , Kurji has also received funding from an NGO , begging the question : What do they get out of it ? "  We asked the same question , and they told us they 've been looking for a way to start a dialogue regarding certain NGOs that do n't necessarily behave themselves . They thought comedy would be a great way to highlight those issues of credibility and accountability , " Kurji says . Still , the team point out that ultimately , their goals for making the show are not particularly lofty . "  I guess the main reason I chose this subject matter was because I thought the stories were absurd , and would make for good television . As a producer , my primary goal was entertainment , " notes Kurji . "  We 're not pushing to make changes ; we 're not qualified for that . You can say you recognize the funny part -- whether its NGOs that are funny or the people in them -- but I do n't feel anyone doing this had high-minded ideals , " adds Acton . While he is in talks with a pan-African distribution company , ultimately , Kurji is hoping the show will appeal to an international audience . "  Ideally , we 'd like to be on platforms like Netflix . Or maybe we could co-produce this with you guys at CNN ? " he asks . Read more : Maasai Cricket Warriors Read more : Botswana : The last frontier for heavy metal ?	"  The Samaritans " is a new mockumentary-style show that pokes fun at the NGO world The show mocks "  do-nothing " charities with know-nothing employees Though fiction , the producer says the show is "  based on true stories "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- As political comebacks go , Nawaz Sharif 's is among the more remarkable . He served two terms as Pakistan 's prime minister in the 1990s before he was overthrown in a military coup and banished into the political hinterlands . After a Pakistani court sentenced him to life in prison for hijacking and terrorism , he managed to negotiate his way into exile in Saudi Arabia , where he remained for seven years , waiting for the political tides to shift and allow his return . On Wednesday , he completed his long journey back to power and became prime minister for an unprecedented third term . The Pakistani National Assembly , where his political party secured control in elections last month , elected him prime minister with 244 votes . Later Wednesday , he took the oath of office from President Asif Ali Zardari , one of his longtime political rivals whose term ends later this year . Zardari 's Pakistan Peoples Party  PPP  had been in government since 2008 . This year , it became the first elected administration in the country 's history to successfully see out a full term in office and hand over power democratically . But that milestone did n't help the PPP at the ballot box last month . Following a term plagued by corruption allegations , militant violence , economic torpor and power shortages , its support fell away in an election marred by extremist attacks on candidates . Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz , on the other hand , performed strongly , capitalizing on his image as a flag-bearer for private industry and entrepreneurship with promises to revive the country 's economic fortunes . Stern challenges Now , as he takes the reins of government again , he will have to face up to Pakistan 's raft of daunting challenges . His economic stewardship will be quickly put to the test . Analysts say Sharif , the scion of an industrial family and one of the country 's richest people , has typically favored large , showy infrastructure projects such as highways as a way to spur economic activity . But with Pakistani 's public finances in a fragile state , finding the funds for big building plans could prove difficult , observers say . He also has the complex task of resolving the country 's energy crisis , which has resulted in prolonged power outages that hurt businesses and sometimes provoke street protests . The security situation in the country remains a severe problem , as the widespread attacks during the elections by the Pakistani Taliban and other extremists showed . Sharif has floated the idea of holding talks with the Taliban , but some analysts say the country 's powerful military , with whom Sharif has clashed in the past , will hold the final word on key security and foreign policy decisions . Stance on drones ? Until Wednesday , when he called for an end to drone strikes , his stance on the United States ' unpopular program in Pakistan 's tribal areas that border Afghanistan was unclear . "  The campaign of drone strikes should be shut down , " Sharif said in his acceptance speech . "  We must work together to ensure Pakistan 's sovereignty . " Imran Khan , the former cricket star whose young party has become one of the main opposition groups in parliament , has called on Sharif to bring an end to the U.S. program . Sharif has condemned drone strikes in the past , including the one last week that killed the Pakistani Taliban 's No. 2 leader . But analysts say he had good working relations with the United States during his previous terms in office and is likely to take a similarly pragmatic approach once back in power . He has said he will pursue closer ties with Pakistan 's neighbor and archrival , India . During his second term as prime minister , in the late 1990s , Sharif oversaw Pakistan 's emergence as a nuclear power , for which many Pakistanis still hold him in high regard . It remains to be seen what his third term will be remembered for . CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Nawaz Sharif is sworn in as prime minister Wednesday He held office twice in the 1990s , but was overthrown in a military coup He returned from exile in 2007 and his party won elections last month Analysts say he faces a raft of thorny challenges , including security and the economy
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German investigators raided the Frankfurt offices of KFW bank Wednesday in an investigation into a payment of more than $ 400 million made in error to failed U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers . Investigators from Germany 's Federal Criminal Office and the state prosecutor 's office conducted the raid and searches at Kreditanstalt fuer Wiederaufbau  Credit Agency for Reconstruction  , or KFW , spokesman Wolfram Schweickhardt said . The government-owned KFW bank group transferred $ 319 million  $ 412 million  to Lehman Brothers on September 15 , after the U.S. bank filed for bankruptcy , the state prosecutor 's office in Frankfurt said in a statement . Authorities are investigating KFW board members and bosses on suspicion of embezzlement , the prosecutor 's office said . They want to know whether KFW officials were criminally negligent by failing to prevent the money transfer despite knowing about Lehman 's liquidity problems and the impending international banking crisis . "  We are fully cooperating with the authorities and will provide them any documents they wish to see , " Schweickhardt said . Schweickhardt said the money was transferred to Lehman on the morning of Monday , September 15 , as part of a long-standing two-part transaction that had been in motion since July . The transaction was among about 1,000 automated transactions set up for that morning -- a normal volume for the agency , he said . Although "  people had discussed over the weekend the fact that Lehman Brothers was in trouble , no one thought to check the actual transfers in the system , " Schweickhardt said . The mistake was spotted only a couple of hours later and the agency 's chief executive was informed , he said . The following Thursday , the company suspended three directors ; they were fired on September 29 , he said . The firing of the three directors was widely reported in Germany , with the tabloid Bild showing a picture of them with the headline , "  Germany 's dumbest bankers . " News headlines have since referred to KFW as "  Germany 's dumbest bank . " CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Investigators raid KFW bank offices over payments made to Lehman Brothers KFW transferred $ 412M to Lehman after the U.S. bank filed for bankruptcy Authorities investigate board members , bosses on suspicion of embezzlement
London  CNN  -- The Duchess of Cambridge turns 30 today , but there is no big party planned for the milestone -- instead she is said to be planning a "  low-key " birthday . On Sunday , the Duke and Duchess attended the star-studded UK premiere of Stephen Spielberg 's "  War Horse . " Despite the rain , Kate wowed the crowds in London 's Leicester Square in a black lace Alice Temperley gown -- accessorized with an umbrella , courtesy of her husband . But Monday 's festivities look set to be much quieter -- a St James 's Palace spokesperson told CNN it would be an ordinary day for the Duke and Duchess , with any celebrations likely to be "  private and low-key " . Her 30th birthday comes in the wake of a landmark year for Kate : The past 12 months have seen her take on her first royal engagements and marry into the monarchy in a ceremony watched by millions of people around the world . Just weeks after the wedding , Kate and Prince William were greeted like rock stars when they took part in their first overseas tour together , visiting Canada and the United States . This year there are likely to be similar levels of excitement when the couple travels to Malaysia , Singapore , the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu , as part of the celebrations for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee . And there is already fevered speculation as to whether the Duke and Duchess will welcome their own new addition to the royal family in the months to come .	Kate , Duchess of Cambridge , turns 30 on January 9 Duke and Duchess are reported to be planning a low-key celebration Royal couple attended the London premiere of "  War Horse " on the eve of Kate 's birthday
CNN  -- U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said golden parachute payments would be banned and the salary deals of bankers "  clawed back " as part of the government 's $ 250 billion bailout of the financial sector . U.S. President George W. Bush announces his government 's bank bailout plan . Meanwhile , U.S. President George W. Bush on Tuesday of a $ 250 billion bailout plan to help stabilize the financial system . In Washington , Bush said the Treasury would buy into banks in return for shares using authority granted in the country 's $ 700 billion bailout bill . However , Paulson stressed taxpayers would get a return on their money and banking excesses would be brought to an end . "  Institutions that sell shares to the government will accept restrictions on executive compensation , including a clawback provision and a ban on golden parachutes during the period that Treasury holds equity issued through this program , " he said . The world 's sharemarkets climbed again after European governments Monday announced bank bailouts worth more than $ 1 trillion and in anticipation of the U.S. bailout . Watch market prices The Dow Jones industrial average surged 363 points in early trading after Bush and Paulson spoke before dropping back and eventually closing down by 76 points , or 0.82 percent . Bush said the measures taken in Europe were right , and had brought stability to the system . Watch the European Central Bank chief 's assessment " "  This new capital will help struggling banks to fill the hole filled by crisis during the time we are in , " Bush said . "  This is a short-term measure to insure the viability of America 's banking system . " Watch Bush announce the plan " He also announced that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  FDIC  would "  temporarily guarantee most new debt " issued by banks . "  This will address one of the central problems plaguing our financial system -- banks have been unable to borrow money and that has constricted their ability to lend to consumer and businesses , " Bush said . "  When money flows freely between banks , it will make it easy for Americans to borrow money for homes and cars . " The government , through the FDIC , would also immediately and temporarily insure non-interest-bearing transaction accounts which were used mainly by small businesses "  to cover day-to-day operations . " "  By insuring every dollar in these accounts , we will give small business owners piece of mind and bring greater stability to the banking system , " Bush said . Governments have rushed to pump capital into banks after a series of large failures left the financial system teetering on the edge of insolvency . Banks have stopped lending to each other and customers for fear they will not be able to recoup debts and over concerns that many institutions are still hiding massive sub-prime mortgage losses . Watch Nobel prize winner praise UK plan " Paulson said the government would get preference shares in return for its investment . "  Nine large financial institutions have already agreed to participate in this program . They have agreed to sell preferred shares to the US government , on the same terms that will be available to a broad array of small and medium-sized banks . " Watch more on the bailout funding " According to reports banking giants Citigroup , Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch would be among those to receive funding . Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke said : "  I strongly believe that the application of these tools , together with the underlying vitality and resilience of the American economy , will help to restore confidence to our financial system and place our economy back on a path to vigorous , healthy growth . " Markets in Europe saw big early gains drop back in afternoon trading . However , London 's FTSE , the Paris CAC 40 and Frankfurt 's DAX closed between 2.7 and 3.3 percent higher . Across the Middle East markets were up between 6.5 and 11 percent . Earlier , Japan 's Nikkei 225 posted a record 14.15 percent gain . South Korea 's KOSPI index gained 6.1 percent and Australia 's All Ordinaries picked up more than 4 percent . Watch the Nikkei Index bounce back " Jesper Koll , of Tantallon Capital Research in Tokyo , said : "  The system is starting to work . We can see that credit markets are starting to stabilize . " Meanwhile Iceland 's stock exchange reopened Tuesday for the first time since trading was suspended last Wednesday , with a value 76 percent lower than at its close value last week . Icelandic officials cautioned , however , that the new value reflected the absence of the three big banks that were nationalized last week and which represented 80 percent of Iceland 's stock market . Taking that into account , exchange spokeswoman Kristen Johannsdottir said the market was down only 2 percent in early trading .	U.S. President George W. Bush announces $ 250 billion bailout Henry Paulson : Golden parachute payments and excesses will end Japan 's Nikkei closes Tuesday up 14 percent , a one-day record
Washington  CNN  -- For one week in August , the Republican Party will have a guaranteed place on prime time TV and , it hopes , voters ' undivided attention . For many watching , the Republican National Convention will provide the first glimpse of a political fight that has been brewing for more than a year , presenting the GOP with a new opportunity to argue that it 's best prepared to take over after November 's election . "  The convention is about unifying the party behind the presumptive nominee , " said Matt Burns , communications director for the 2008 GOP convention and currently a managing director with global communications firm Burson-Marsteller . "  Speaking slots are often a way to heal old wounds after bruising primaries . " Burns also pointed to a speaker 's prominence -- or their status as a "  rising star " -- as another factor in determining who to put on the convention stage . The decisions on who will front the party , then , are loaded with opportunity -- but also the chance for pitfalls . "  The speakers have been chosen because they make the best possible case to elect Mitt Romney and to show the American people the various positions and diversity of the Republican Party , " GOP strategist Ron Bonjean said . "  They 're the ones that have served in the trenches in the primaries and have supported Mitt Romney . " "  The ones who are left out are the ones who took shots at him , " Bonjean said . "  Either challenged or took shots at him , and they may not make the best case for his presidency , or they might try to overshadow him . " Not every convention speech puts the party 's best foot forward . Pat Buchanan 's "  Culture War " speech at the 1992 GOP convention was met with consternation from moderates , who regarded the address -- which included opposition to gay rights and women in combat -- as unnecessarily polarizing . Bill Clinton 's speech introducing 1988 Democratic nominee Michael Dukakis was so long that people actually cheered when it was over . The convention -- set to begin August 27 in Tampa , Florida -- has already put together a roster of speakers that features both the party 's establishment and its up-and-comers . Sen. John McCain , who accepted the party 's nomination at the 2008 convention , will deliver remarks , as will former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is another well-known Republican who will have a turn at the podium . Other establishment picks , however , will sit this year out . George W. Bush said he was taking "  time off the political stage , " and his father , George H.W. Bush , wo n't attend for health reasons . Former Vice President Dick Cheney , who received a heart transplant earlier this year , will also not appear onstage in Tampa . Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker and one-time 2012 GOP presidential candidate , will hold daily policy workshops for delegates in Tampa rather than occupy a prime-time speaking spot . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum will speak in Tampa , but other Republicans who challenged Romney for this year 's GOP nomination -- including Rep. Michele Bachmann and former Godfather 's Pizza chief Herman Cain -- have not been announced as convention speakers . Donald Trump , the celebrity businessman and Romney supporter whose commitment to the "  birther " movement that challenges Obama 's place of birth leaves many Republicans queasy , said through a spokesman last week he would have a "  memorable " role at the convention , but that it would n't include a prime time address . Sarah Palin , who delivered a warmly received convention address at the 2008 event , wo n't speak in Tampa either , saying , "  Everything I said at the 2008 convention about then-candidate Obama still stands today . " Julian Zelizer , a CNN contributor and professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University , wrote in a CNN Opinion piece last week that the conventions "  create a forum to showcase the talent of the future on a national stage . " They also give parties the opportunity to control what that future might look like . On Tuesday , the Tampa lineup was updated to include New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the keynote slot , a high-profile role meant to rally the party behind the nominee . Then-Illinois state Sen. Barack Obama delivered the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention , launching him onto the national political stage and into the White House four years later . "  The keynote speaker is someone that millions of Americans are going to watch , and they have to make the best possible case for Mitt Romney to be president , " Bonjean said . "  That speaker is extremely important . The campaign is relying on Chris Christie to carry their message to the world who will be watching . " Christie told USA Today he was on the fourth draft of a speech that would include "  some very direct and hard truths " about the state of the country -- a glimpse of a straight-talk speech that Republicans have come to expect from the straight-talking Christie . Many Republicans encouraged Christie to run for president and he was seen by many as the best bet for the No. 2 spot on Romney 's ticket . "  Speakers who are known for an ability to energize the base receive more prominent roles , " Burns said . "  Chris Christie is a good example . " Christie 's famous swagger excites many Republicans , who like seeing the anger they feel toward bigger government and out-of-control debt reflected in their elected representatives . But his relatively moderate social views , which line up with the state he represents , turn off some in the GOP party base . Another chance to craft the party 's image comes in the person chosen to introduce the nominee . This year that honor goes to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who will draw cheers from delegates aligned with the tea party , which helped vault Rubio past a mainstream Republican rival in 2010 's Florida GOP primary and into the U.S. Senate . To put that into context , Clinton , a Democratic elder statesman , will put Obama 's name into nomination at the Democratic National Convention the next week . Putting Rubio , as well as Texas U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez  also tea party favorites  , in prime-time speaking roles at the convention also signals the GOP 's push to bring in Latino voters , who overwhelmingly went for Obama in 2008 and polls show going the same way this time around . Martinez and Rice , along with South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley and Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin , will also use their convention roles to try to close the gender gap that polls show persists between Obama and Romney . Ultimately , Burns said , putting together a lineup is about finding people who represent -- and can rally -- the base . "  Fundamentally , convention speaking lineups are meant to represent a cross-section of the party 's faithful -- and I expect the 2012 Republican and Democratic conventions to be no exception , " Burns said . CNN 's Mark Preston and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	Convention speakers a chance for party to showcase its best in prime time New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will give high-profile GOP keynote address Florida Sen. Marco Rubio gets coveted opportunity to nominate Romney Convention speeches can backfire -- just ask Pat Buchanan or Bill Clinton
HURUMA , Kenya  CNN  -- We found Barack Obama 's half-brother living in a Nairobi slum . George Obama says he is sure his half-brother will win the U.S. presidency in November . George Obama , whose birth certificate shows that he is Barack Obama 's half-brother , lives in a small house in Huruma that he shares with his mother 's extended family , far away from the presidential campaign circus . In his memoir , "  Dreams for my Father , " the Democratic presidential candidate describes meeting George as a "  painful affair . " Barack Obama 's trip to Kenya meant meeting family he had never known . In the book , which is popular in Nairobi and can be found in almost any supermarket , Obama looks back at his personal story and his struggles to reconcile with a Kenyan father who left him and his mother when he was just a child . Barack Obama Sr. died in a car accident when George was just 6 months old . And like his half-brother , George hardly knew his father . George was his father 's last child and had not been aware of his famous half-brother . "  I think I wanted to learn about my father the same way he did , " George Obama told me about why he read the book . "  He came here searching for his roots , and I was also trying to find my roots . " Watch George Obama talk about meeting his half-brother for the first time Unlike his grandmother in Kogela , in Western Kenya , George Obama had received little attention from the media . But reports surfaced in the past few days , springing from an Italian Vanity Fair article saying George Obama is living in a shack and "  earning less than a dollar a day . " The reports left him angry . "  I was brought up well . I live well even now , " he said . "  The magazines , they have exaggerated everything . "  I think I kind of like it here . There are some challenges , but maybe it is just like where you come from , there are the same challenges , " Obama said . Obama , who is in his mid-20s , is learning to become a mechanic and is active in youth groups in Huruma . He said he tries to help the community as much as he can . At least one of his neighbors feels that perhaps the candidate should help the brother . "  I would like Obama to visit his brother to see how he is living , to improve his way of life , " said Emelda Negei , who runs a small dispensary near Obama 's house . But George Obama will have none of it . He draws inspiration from his famous half-brother . He acknowledges that he is biased but said he knows that his half-brother will be the next president . "  Because he wants to be -LSB- president -RSB- , " he said . "  I think in life , what you want is what you are supposed to get . "	Barack Obama and George Obama share a father , the late Barack Obama Sr. . George Obama denies media reports that he 's living on a dollar a day "  I think I wanted to learn about my father the same way he did , " George says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Firefighters , air tankers and helicopters replaced hikers and campers in the recreation-rich San Gabriel Canyon on Monday after a wildfire forced authorities to close the area for Labor Day . Authorities evacuated the canyon Sunday after the fire broke out in Angeles National Forest , an urban recreation area near Los Angeles that is popular with hikers , campers and off-road vehicle enthusiasts . About 50 residents and 1,000 campers were evacuated , CNN affiliate KABC reported . "  I know we have some neighbors up there that did n't leave . We 're really worried about them , " evacuee Toni Kova told KABC . Kova and her husband live in Camp Williams , which was evacuated Sunday . "  We saw the smoke and the fire coming over the hill . The river is literally our front yard and the mountains that the fires were coming over , " she said . "  We were like , we got ta start packing up . " Officials told KABC the fight was made more difficult by the steep and rugged terrain . The U.S. Forest Service in California said on its Twitter feed it expected a "  very active " fire because of low humidity and high temperatures . Between 10,000 and 12,000 people use the area during an average holiday weekend , according to Inciweb , the government fire-tracking website . Structures in Camp Williams , a camping and recreational vehicle resort , are in danger from the fire even though it is burning to the northeast toward a wilderness area , Inciweb said . About 400 firefighters , a heavy air tanker and six helicopters are working on the blaze , which had burned through about 4,000 acres of brush by Monday afternoon , according to Inciweb . The brush , comprised mostly of chaparral , is very thick in some areas . The fire is 5 % contained , the website said . Inciweb said the cause of the fire was under investigation . CNN affiliate KTLA-TV in Los Angeles , citing a U.S. Forest Service official , reported the fire began when a car caught fire . The Red Cross has opened an evacuation center in Glendora , California .	NEW : Fire 5 % contained as of Monday afternoon Wildfire near Los Angeles grows to 4,000 acres The fire forced evacuation of the San Gabriel Canyon A fire-tracking site says the cause of blaze is unknown ; a report blames a car fire
CNN  -- A medical marijuana advocate turned write-in candidate for Rhode Island governor has garnered instant social media attention by smoking what she says is pot in a campaign video . But her media stunt comes with a more serious political message about pot legalization . "  I 'm Anne Armstrong , and I 'm going to be the next governor of Rhode Island , " she says in the minute-and-a-half-long video . "  And I hope that during my tenure , I will be able to dispel a number of misconceptions about cannabis use . " Armstrong , who said she smokes cannabis every day , uses it for medicinal purposes , and also argues that it helps her focus and communicate with people around her . In the video , she takes a hit off a pipe after insisting that pot users "  should n't be ostracized or marginalized . " "  It does n't make people crazy the way you 've been told , " she says . "  We 've been lied to for a long time by our government , and something that 's been essential to our health has been taken away from us . " "  Yes , I do smoke cannabis . And yes , I do inhale , " she says , invoking former President Bill Clinton 's famous "  did n't inhale " remark during his first run for President in 1992 . The stigma about marijuana has clearly lessened since Clinton 's comment . Then-Sen . Barack Obama in 2006 admitted , "  I inhaled -- that was the point . " And he went on to be elected . ' I like weed , and I 'm a good person ' Both Obama and Clinton have now said states should be able to carry forward with medical marijuana , as Armstrong says she uses . But it is the official position of the Department of Justice that marijuana is a schedule 1 narcotic . Some former politicians have gone even further than just advocating allowing medical marijuana . Upon retirement in 2011 , former Democratic Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts became the president of a medical marijuana company in his home state , where medical marijuana is legal . He resigned from his post earlier this month after a failed bid to earn licenses to open three dispensaries in the state . Gary Johnson , the former Republican governor of New Mexico and Libertarian 2012 presidential candidate , has long been an advocate for pot legalization . Now , he 's taking that support to a new level by signing on this summer as the CEO of a Nevada-based firm that aims to sell recreational marijuana products . "  I think in 10 years , for the most part , the U.S. will legalize marijuana . And what the U.S. does , so does the world , " Johnson told the Associated Press . Large changes are already underway : Medical marijuana is permitted in 22 states and the District of Columbia . Ballot initiatives in Colorado and Washington state paved the way for legalization there for adults over 21 . Voters in Oregon , Alaska and D.C. will find the legalization question on their ballots . And pot advocates filed paperwork Wednesday to begin a legalization campaign push in California . But it 's still safe to say that Armstrong 's single-issue campaign in Rhode Island is a long shot . She 's up against a crowded field of candidates including Democrat Gina Raimondo , Republican Allan Fung , one candidate from the state 's Moderate Party and two independent candidates . Armstrong 's name wo n't appear on the ballot , but efforts like hers to "  remove the stigma " about marijuana use could last long beyond November 4 . Las Vegas police bust pot grower who put his crop on YouTube	A write-in candidate in Rhode Island smokes what she says is pot in a Web video The candidate , Anne Armstrong , is running for governor She 's making marijuana legalization the central premise of her campaign A number of former politicians advocate for pot legalization
CNN  -- Some people like Christmas . Some people love Christmas . And some people are so overcome by their love for the holiday season they decorate homes , gardens , even their vehicles in decorations so spectacular you have to worry about their energy bills . CNN asked people across the world to send in the most stunning and outrageous Christmas displays they had seen . We received submissions from the Dominican Republic to Russia , all of which displayed the inventiveness of people during the holiday season . The U.S. , of course , is where outrageous Christmas displays have been elevated to an art form . Robert Ondrovic 's image of his neighbor Kevin Lynch 's house in Queens , New York , shows a house so festooned with lights and decorations it 's hard to make out the front door . Lynch , a retired firefighter , reportedly used more than 300,000 lights and 350 figurines . "  I was amazed at the display , including the total amount of lights and figurines , " Ondrovic said . "  Plus , Kevin plays Christmas music outdoors . " Read more : 9 sparkling North American Christmas markets But the U.S. now faces stiff international competition . In the Philippines , where Christmas celebrations are taken so seriously they begin in September , the light displays are so bright they seem like they could be visible from space . iReporter Marlo Cueto took some stunning images of families enjoying a beautiful light show in Pasay City . "  I think the show 's significance is to make people feel the excitement and happiness of Christmas in the middle of a busy district , " he said . "  It brings people together , friends and families . " Meanwhile in the Caribbean , Misael Rincon sent in a series of colorful , Day-Glo shots of Christmas decorations in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic . But while the decorations are playful , the sentiment behind them rings true for Misael . " -LSB- Christmas is -RSB- a moment to share with family , the arrival of loved ones who are living outside the country , " he said . " -LSB- It 's about -RSB- love , faith and hope for the coming of God in a humble manger . " Of course it 's not just homes , stores and public spaces that benefit from a sprinkling of tinsel and fairy lights -- many like to deck out their vehicles as well . Paul Tamasi , from Cambridge , Vermont , spotted this decked out truck festooned with lights and could n't resist taking a quick shot . "  I saw this this truck drive by my restaurant , " the pizza parlor owner said . "  I jumped in my truck and followed it until I saw it make a stop . My hands got pretty cold capturing it ! " And decorations do n't have to be massive to have an effect . Daniel Incandela started collecting quirky Christmas tree ornaments three years ago . A "  Star Wars " Stormtrooper with a Christmas hat is one of his latest finds to festoon his Christmas tree . "  I have a fair share of decent Christmas decorations that range from Robots to a Harrods Bear to Elvis , " he said proudly . At times the lights can serve a better , brighter purpose than merely entertaining the public . In the Philippines , Richelle Jagonia-Rivera captured a beautiful shot of Christmas lights in Tangub City , said to be the Christmas capital of the country 's northern Mindanao region . Read more : The Philippines shows the world how to celebrate Christmas Coming from a country still recovering from the catastrophic impact of Typhoon Haiyan , the lights for her were a reminder that the country can still celebrate the festive season . "  There will always be Christmas spirit in the Philippines , no matter how many calamities have had hit the country , " she said . "  The Philippines has the festive spirit with hospitality at its best . "	People across the world sent pictures of the most stunning and outrageous Christmas displays One man in the U.S. used more than 300,000 lights and 350 figurines Philippines giving U.S. a run for the title of world champion Christmas fanatics
Country star Trace Adkins has decided not to sing at SeaWorld to avoid controversy over how the Orlando , Florida , theme park treats its orcas . Adkins joins a long list of musical acts who have canceled shows that were scheduled as part of SeaWorld 's "  Bands , Blues & BBQ " in February and March . "  Trace prefers that the focus of his performances be on music , not on controversy , " Adkins ' representative said in a statement e-mailed to CNN on Thursday . "  Therefore , he has decided not to proceed with this show in the midst of this debate . " The entertainers ' exodus from SeaWorld 's calendar begin soon after CNN broadcast the documentary "  Blackfish " in October . The film tells the story of the killing of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca in 2010 . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . Online petitions and social media postings targeted the acts who had signed on to play at the park . Only Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery remain from the original list of acts on the event calendar . Their representatives have not responded to CNN 's repeated requests for comment . A promoter could put together a whale of a concert series with the acts that have canceled SeaWorld shows , including Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , Heart , Barenaked Ladies , Martina McBride and 38 Special . SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck confirmed Adkins ' cancellation , which CNN was initially alerted to through Twitter postings Thursday . "  While we 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , we respect the artists ' decisions , " Gollattscheck said in an e-mailed statement nearly identical to what was sent to CNN when others canceled last month . "  We expect that other artists will be targeted in this campaign . " Adkins ' show was never officially announced , but it later appeared on his own online schedule for March 2 , 2014 . The park 's six-week concert scheduled disappeared from SeaWorld 's website last month . It now simply promises "  incredible concerts with top artists in classic rock and country music . " SeaWorld is working to book replacement acts , Gollattscheck said . "  We 'll announce the full lineup of bands when all artists have been confirmed . " The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first to cancel , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Willie Nelson said on December 6 when he canceled . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last month when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " "  We 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . "  More than 11 million people a year visit SeaWorld parks and most will see a killer whale presentation during their visit , " Gollattscheck said . "  Over the course of our 50-year history hundreds of millions of people have experienced killer whales in our parks . There is tremendous appeal in that kind of inspirational and educational experience and we anticipate that killer whale display will continue for generations to come . "	Adkins joins a long list of musical acts who have canceled SeaWorld shows recently Rep : "  Trace prefers that the focus of his performances be on music , not on controversy " Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson and others canceled because of ` Blackfish ' backlash Only Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery remain on SeaWorld 's original schedule
CNN  -- Defending champions Borussia Dortmund were held 4-4 in a frantic finish to their home match against VfB Stuttgart Friday . The Bundesliga leaders were denied a precious three points when visiting striker Christian Gentner scored the final equalizer in added time . It completed a topsy-turvy final last 15 minutes as the lead changed hands three times before the sides fittingly shared the points . But second placed Bayern Munich can now halve Dortmund 's six-point lead with victory against Nuremberg Saturday . The top two are heading for a final showdown on Dortmund 's home ground at Signal Iduna Park on April 11 which could well decide the destination of the German title . Dortmund , like Bayern on a superb run , looked to be cruising to a routine home win when their Japanese star Shinji Kagawa put them ahead with his fourth goal in three league games on 33 minutes . And when Jakub Blaszczykowski stretched their lead four minutes after the break from a pass by defender Mats Hummels it looked all over a victory for the men in yellow . But three goals in eight minutes by Stuttgart turned the game on its head . Bosnia striker Vedad Ibisevic cut the deficit with a 71st minute strike before Julian Schieber scored a quickfire double , the second a superb individual effort , to put the visitors 3-2 ahead . Dortmund drew level when defender Hummels cropped up to beat Stuttgart goalkeeper Sven Ulreich on 82 minutes and looked set to have settled the match when Croatia midfielder Ivan Perisic scored after coming off the substitute 's bench . But deep into injury time and Gentner stunned the home fans with a dramatic late strike , which has opened the door for Bavarian giants Bayern . "  To concede the equalizer in the last few seconds was a bitter way to finish the game , Hummels told German television after the match .	Borussia Dortmund held to 4-4 home draw by VfB Stuttgart Christian Gentner scores injury time equalizer for visitors Leaders Dortmund earlier stunned by three Stuttgart goals in eight minute Bayern Munich can cut gap to three points with win over Nuremberg Saturday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man who his attorney says was the youngest prisoner sent to the Guantanamo Bay detention center -- captured in Pakistan at 14 -- was ordered freed by a federal judge Wednesday . A guard keeps watch from a tower at the military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The judge ruled Mohammad el-Gharani was not an enemy combatant and directed the military "  to take all necessary and appropriate diplomatic steps to facilitate the release " of el-Gharani from the U.S. base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . El-Gharani , now 21 , was among the first terrorism suspects and enemy fighters sent to the U.S. military prison camp . His arrival in 2002 came after he was seized by Pakistanis at a mosque and transferred to the U.S.-led coalition . He has been in custody since . El-Gharani 's lawyers filed a habeas corpus petition in federal court , demanding the government justify its continued detention or release him . Details of his case have not been widely released , but his lawyer said he was accused of working with al Qaeda 10 years ago , at age 11 . The court ruling also alleges el-Gharani , a citizen of Chad , was an al Qaeda courier and participated in the battle of Tora Bora in late 2001 in Afghanistan . But U.S. District Judge Richard Leon noted serious questions were raised about another detainee who implicated el-Gharani . Leon said that given the "  substantial and troubling uncertainties regarding petitioner 's conduct and whereabouts prior to his detention by Pakistani forces , the -LSB- U.S. -RSB- government has failed to establish a preponderance of the evidence " that el-Gharani was an al Qaeda agent . The judge gave no timetable on when the suspect -- also called Yousef -- must be freed . Under U.S. and international policy , he could not be sent to a country where he might face torture or severe physical mistreatment . The Bush administration has said it has had difficulties finding countries willing to take many Guantanamo prisoners awaiting release . El-Gharani 's lawyers have alleged mistreatment by his captors , including cigarette burns and verbal abuse . Court records allege he was a native of Saudi Arabia who left that country around 2001 and moved to Pakistan . He denied that he was fleeing the fighting in Afghanistan when he was captured across the border in Pakistan . Another Guantanamo detainee , Canadian Omar Khadr , was 14 or 15 when he was captured six years ago . Military prosecutors formally charged him in April 2007 with killing Sgt. Christopher James Speer , a U.S. soldier whose reconnaissance patrol was ambushed in Afghanistan in 2002 . The American died nearly two weeks later . Khadr and el-Gharani remain among the youngest of Guantanamo 's approximately 250 prisoners . The civil case is el-Gharani v. Bush  05-429  .	Mohammad el-Gharani , now 21 , not an enemy combatant , U.S. judge rules El-Gharani was 14 when he was captured in Pakistan , detained at U.S. base in Cuba Judge notes questions raised about a detainee who implicated el-Gharani El-Gharani was accused of being al Qaeda courier , Tora Bora battle participant
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A "  furious " President Obama has ordered a review of the decision to fly a Boeing 747 frighteningly close to the lower Manhattan skyline , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Witnesses reported seeing a plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty . The review will focus on "  why that decision was made and to ensure that it never happens again , " Gibbs said . Jim Messina , a deputy chief of staff , will lead the effort . On Tuesday , Obama told reporters , "  It was a mistake . It was something we found out about along with all of you . And it will not happen again . " Officials said that when Obama first found out about the incident , he was "  furious . " The incident has led to a large amount of criticism from New Yorkers and politicians . After a YouTube video showed panicked New Yorkers scrambling as the plane flew frighteningly close to the lower Manhattan skyline , a former Homeland Security adviser questioned whether the man who approved the flyby should remain in his White House office . Fran Townsend , who advised President George W. Bush for more than three years , called the move "  crass insensitivity " in the wake of 9/11 . "  I 'd call this felony stupidity . This is probably not the right job for Mr. Caldera to be in if he did n't understand the likely reaction of New Yorkers , of the mayor , " Townsend said Tuesday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Louis Caldera , director of the White House Military Office , quickly apologized for Monday 's incident after the planes prompted workers and residents to evacuate buildings in New York and New Jersey . Watch Townsend slam Caldera " "  Last week , I approved a mission over New York . I take responsibility for that decision , " Caldera said . "  While federal authorities took the proper steps to notify state and local authorities in New York and New Jersey , it 's clear that the mission created confusion and disruption . " The Federal Aviation Administration said the aircraft , which functions as Air Force One when the president is aboard , was taking part in a classified , government-sanctioned photo shoot . On Tuesday Sen. John McCain wrote a letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates saying he was "  profoundly disturbed " by the flyover "  against the backdrop of September 11 . " "  The supposed mission represents a fundamentally unsound exercise in military judgment and may have constituted an inappropriate use of Department of Defense resources , " McCain , a ranking member of the Senate 's Armed Services Committee , wrote in the letter . He requested an investigation into the cost of the flyover . Air Force officials estimate that the mission and the photo shoot for the 747 and an accompanying F-16 fighter jet cost $ 328,835 . But they said "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " An Air Force source told CNN on Tuesday that the White House Military Office planned a photo shoot over various Washington monuments next week , but the shoot has now been canceled . An angry Mayor Michael Bloomberg said it "  defies the imagination " that an agency would schedule the photo shoot so near the site of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the World Trade Center . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said the FAA 's decision to not announce the flyby "  borders on being either cruel or very , very stupid . " Witnesses reported seeing the plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty before flying up the Hudson River . Watch the plane fly over Manhattan " The YouTube video shows dozens of people standing in a parking lot , watching the plane approach . As it nears , they begin to run . Someone unleashes an expletive . "  Run , run ! " says one person . "  Oh my God , " cries another . A 911 call released by the Hudson County Sheriff 's Department in New Jersey shows the panic caused by the plane . "  There 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9/11 , " a man says to the operator . "  Everybody is running and people are crying and panicking . " Two officials said the White House Military Office was trying to update its file photos of Air Force One . Bloomberg said he was perturbed . Watch the White House apologize " "  I 'm annoyed -- furious is a better word -- that I was n't told , " he said , calling the FAA 's decision to withhold details about the flight "  ridiculous " and "  poor judgment . " "  Why the Defense Department wanted to do a photo op right around the site of the World Trade Center defies the imagination , " he said . "  Had we known , I would have asked them not to . " Linda Garcia-Rose , a social worker who counsels post-traumatic stress disorder patients in an office three blocks from where the World Trade Center stood , called the flight an "  absolute travesty . " Watch the White House respond to questions about the scare " "  There was no warning . It looked like the plane was about to come into us , " she said . "  I 'm a therapist , and I actually had a panic attack . " Garcia-Rose , who works with nearly two dozen patients ages 15 to 47 , said she was inundated with phone calls from patients . "  They 're traumatized . They 're asking ` How could this happen ? ' They 're nervous . Their anxiety levels are high , " she said . iReport.com : Tell us what you think Garcia-Rose said she is considering filing a class-action suit against the government for sanctioning the plane 's unannounced flight . "  I believe the government has done something really wrong , " she said . Capt. Anna Carpenter of Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland said local law enforcement agencies and the FAA had been given notice of the exercise . New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne said the department had been alerted about the flight "  with directives to local authorities not to disclose information about it . " CNN 's Mythili Rao and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : 911 call : "  There 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9-11 " Sen. John McCain "  profoundly disturbed , " requests investigation Air Force source : Planned photo shoot over D.C. monuments cancelled YouTube video shows New Yorkers scrambling as plane screams overhead
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man who allegedly shot his ex-wife and seven other people to death in the deadliest shooting in Orange County , California , history pleaded not guilty Tuesday , prosecutors said . An Orange County Superior Court judge scheduled an April 24 , 2012 , preliminary hearing for Scott Evans Dekraai , 41 . Dekraai is charged with eight counts of first-degree murder and a felony count of attempted murder in the October 12 shooting at the Salon Meritage hair salon in the small coastal community of Seal Beach , a district attorney 's spokeswoman said . The first-degree murder charges carry the special circumstance of multiple murder . The attempted murder count is for a ninth victim who was wounded . Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty . Dekraai is being held without bond . Dekraai and his ex-wife , Michelle Fournier , 48 , were battling over custody of their 8-year-old son , and the dispute was the motive in the shooting , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said in October . The prosecutor called Dekraai "  a methodical and merciless killer . " On the morning of the shooting , Dekraai and Fournier got into an argument about child custody , authorities said . "  We 're sort of guessing . We believe that the custody battle was n't going well for him . We do n't know the contents of their conversation or anything , " Rackauckas said . Hours later , the gunfire rampage at the salon , just blocks from the ocean , unfolded , authorities said . "  He also considered the people who were friends and who worked with his ex-wife were enablers , and he did n't have much use for them either , " Rackauckas said . The gunman was armed with three weapons -- a 9 mm Springfield , a Smith & Wesson .44 Magnum , and a Heckler & Koch .45 -- and was wearing body armor during the shooting rampage , Rackauckas said . He used at least two of those guns , the prosecutor said . Rackauckas summarized the mass shooting , saying Dekraai "  walked through the salon shooting anyone close enough to hit . He stopped to reload during this spree , and he continued gunning people down . He was not satisfied with murdering his intended target , his ex-wife . For almost two minutes , Dekraai shot victim after victim , executing people by shooting them in the head and chest . "  He shot eight people inside the salon . But he was not done . He then walked out of the salon and shot a ninth victim , a male who was sitting nearby in a parked Range Rover . The reason for this rampage : revenge , " he said . "  We believe that the defendant committed this unimaginable act of violence because he wanted to kill his ex-wife over a custody dispute concerning their 8-year-old son . He was willing to end any life in his path , and he did . Clearly this two-minute murder spree could not have been about loving his son , " the prosecutor said . While Dekraai allegedly carried out the mass murder , his son was sitting alone in the principal 's office at school , waiting for his mother or father to pick him up , authorities said . "  That little boy is also a victim . He is now left to mourn the murder of his mother and grow up with the knowledge that his father  allegedly  committed a mass murder , " Rackauckas said . "  What sick , twisted fatherly love is this ? " In addition to Fournier , of Los Alamitos , the people killed were salon employee Victoria Ann Buzzo , 54 , of Laguna Beach ; David Caouette , 64 , of Seal Beach , who was in the vehicle outside the salon ; salon employee Laura Lee Elody , 46 , of Huntington Beach ; salon owner Randy Lee Fannin , 62 , of Murrieta ; salon client Michele Daschbach Fast , 47 , of Seal Beach ; salon client Lucia Bernice Kondas , 65 , of Huntington Beach ; and salon employee Christy Lynn Wilson , 47 , of Lakewood , authorities said . Dekraai allegedly shot Caouette , who was in the parked vehicle , in the head through a closed front passenger side window , authorities said . The ninth victim , Harriet Stretz , 73 , of Los Alamitos was at the salon getting her hair done by her daughter , Laura Elody , who was among the victims . "  We do know that the victims were shot multiple times each , " Rackauckas said . About 20 people were inside the salon during the shooting , and many of them were "  playing dead , hiding in back rooms , trying to get back behind things , just trying to stay out of his way , " Rackauckas said . Police arrested Dekraai without incident as he was trying to leave the scene in a vehicle two blocks from the salon , police said . Dekraai was in possession of the three guns and "  a significant amount of ammunition in his truck , " according to prosecutors . In the past several months , Fournier complained to Seal Beach police about Dekraai picking up their son from school earlier than the court-ordered mandate , Tim Olson of the Seal Beach police said . That matter was forwarded to family court , and Olson said he did n't know of the complaint 's disposition . In 2007 , in Long Beach , Dekraai 's father-in-law applied for a temporary restraining order , but there was no follow-up , Rackauckas said . An online search of Orange County court records shows the couple filed for divorce in 2007 . A child custody evaluator was appointed by the court in April , records show . Fournier said in court papers that Dekraai was mentally unstable , had threatened to kill himself or someone else and "  was almost manic when it comes to demanding absolute right to control our son , " CNN affiliate KTLA said . The couple was in court the day before the shooting , and a judge had kept custody between them equal , KTLA said . In 1994 , Dekraai filed for bankruptcy , according to court records . The Salon Meritage is located on the Pacific Coast Highway in Seal Beach , which residents describe as a small and "  fairly intimate " coastal town . "  We have multiple years with zero homicides , so this obviously is an unusual and tragic circumstance , " Seal Beach police Sgt. Steve Bowles said . The shooting is the deadliest in Orange County history . In 1976 , Edward Charles Allaway shot nine people , killing seven , at California State University Fullerton . CNN 's Traci Tamura , Gabriel Ramirez , Ashley Hayes and Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Scott Evans Dekraai , 41 , is charged with killing his ex-wife and 7 others He pleads not guilty to 8 counts of first-degree murder He also pleads not guilty to a felony count of attempted murder of a 9th victim Prosecutors say they will seek the death penalty
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli military launched airstrikes in northern and central Gaza early Sunday , said spokesmen for the Israel Defense Forces and Hamas . The Israeli spokesman said the military targeted a "  terror-activity center " in northern Gaza and a "  weapons manufacturing facility " in central Gaza . He confirmed direct hits on both targets . A security official for Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement that controls Gaza , said the northern strike hit an airfield that Hamas uses for military training . The second strike hit an old house in central Gaza , he said . The strikes were in response to an earlier attack on the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council , the Israeli military spokesman said . There were no immediate reports of injuries . The military said that more than 235 missiles , rockets and mortar shells were fired from Gaza into Israeli territory in 2010 .	There are no immediate reports of injuries The strikes occurred early Sunday They were in response to an earlier attack , an Israeli military spokesman says
CNN  -- Are Australian sports fans the toughest in the world ? They would certainly give the English football press a run for their money . They do n't like you if you 're too good . But they ca n't abide if you 're rubbish either . Admittedly I have only been in the country for five days . And with an office full of Australian cameraman , I 'm more than aware that I 'm putting myself in line for some thoroughly unflattering camera angles in the days to come . But this is what I have learned . Take "  Tall Poppy Syndrome " for starters . It 's a new phrase I 've discovered . The urban dictionary says it 's Australian slang to criticize highly successful people and cut them down to size . I was taught it by virtually the only fan supporting Victoria Azarenka in the Australian Open women 's final at the Rod Laver Arena on Saturday night . It was her explanation for the icy reception the Belorussian received . Yes , Vika had upset a few people with her medical time out in her semi . But she 'd fronted up to all the questions she was asked , and admitted she 'd made a mistake . And Sloane Stephens said it had n't bothered her two hoots . Here she was fighting her heart out to stay as the world No. 1 and defend her grand slam title -- at just 23 years of age . If the crowd had stopped booing for long enough , they might have seen she played some frankly brilliant tennis . What happened to marveling at excellence ? Homegrown talent does n't fare much better , though . He 's still some way from a grand slam title , but 20-year-old Bernard Tomic got further than any other Australian player at the opening grand slam of the year . He beat eventual winner and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic just a couple of weeks ago as well . But my taxi driver on Thursday told me he was rubbish . Cast your mind back too , to the early days of Ian Thorpe 's swimming career , and the pressures he faced at just 15 , after becoming the youngest male world champion . But if you ca n't win by winning , you 'd think they back the underdog . But no , that does n't always seem to be the case either . Australian rugby fan Andrew Marmont on sports website Roar gives us a list of things he 'd rather do instead of watching the Wallabies get beaten by the All Blacks -- again . It includes vacuuming , and washing the car . I 'm a woman , and I 'll take the sport every time . Why not throw a party , sing your heart out and marvel in plucky failure once again . The Brits have been doing it for years . Take Eddie "  The Eagle " Edwards -- the first British ski-jumper at the Winter Olympics . In 1988 he became a national hero -- as a loser . It 's not just Australia though . Spain and Italy have some of the most passionate , positive football supporters in the world . Until their teams lose two or three games . Then watch the tide turn . But I suppose at least they care . I found a trip to the basketball in Miami to be one of the strangest sporting experiences of my life . It was the Heat against the Clippers in early 2007 . Quite a big game at the time . But you would n't have known it inside the American Airlines Arena . Fans turned up as and when they liked , or popped their heads in for a quarter , and then headed back to the popcorn stand . Very odd . They 've definitely got passion here . I saw that up close and personal as a few hundred Sydney FC fans arrived in Melbourne to see their team take on Melbourne Victory . You could hear their songs from half a mile away as they approached the ground . And I have to say , Alessandro Del Piero told me he 's loving the fans here . He joked that he 's being asked for about a thousand autographs a day since his move from Serie A to the A-League . But he does n't mind because he 's being asked nicely . I 'll give them that . The thing about Australia is that on the whole , it loves sport . The people know sport . They have a lot of it here . Not just the Australian Open tennis , but cricket , F1 's Australian Grand Prix , horse racing 's Melbourne Cup , Aussie Rules Football , rugby league , and soccer 's A-League . What I do n't understand is that there 's so much to celebrate . But maybe when you have a horse like Black Caviar , human endeavor is just never going to be good enough . PS . This is no reflection of the welcome I 've had during my time in Australia ! I 've had a truly wonderful visit -- and very much look forward to coming back soon !	Australia is world renowned as a country which is passionate about sport Women 's champions Victoria Azarenka criticized for taking a medical break in semifinal Rising star Bernard Tomic is Australia 's top male tennis player But the 20-year-old is not universally rated by the country 's sport fans
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Ten schoolchildren and two soldiers with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force were killed Monday in a bombing in Afghanistan , officials said . A police officer was also killed when a suicide bomber attacked a bazaar in Afghanistan 's eastern Paktia province , the Afghan Interior Ministry said . The assailant , who was on a motorbike , detonated a device in the main bazaar of the Samkanai district , Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said . At least 16 others were wounded , Sediqqi said . The two ISAF soldiers , whose names and nationalities were not released , were killed in the blast , ISAF spokesman Staff Sgt. Daniel Wallace said . The Interior Ministry issued a statement saying Taliban insurgents were behind the bombing . But the Taliban did not immediately claim responsibility , as they often do after deadly blasts . Paktia province has been a hotbed for insurgent attacks . Last October , another suicide bomber plowed into the wall of a joint NATO-Afghan army base , wounding 45 Afghan soldiers , officials said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . And in 2011 , several suicide bombers attacked a government office in Paktia 's Samkanai district . Three Afghan police officers were killed . 3 killed in attack , gun battle at Red Cross in Afghanistan	NEW : The Afghan Interior Ministry blames the Taliban for the attack The Taliban have not yet claimed responsibility A police officer was also killed in the blast in Afghanistan 's eastern Paktia province 16 others are wounded after the bombing at a bazaar
CNN  -- North Korea 's youthful leader , Kim Jong Un , has married a woman named Ri Sol Ju , according to a report by state news agency KCNA Wednesday . The couple appeared together at the opening of the Rungna People 's Pleasure Ground in the capital , Pyongyang , the news agency said . Kim and his wife toured the park in the company of local and international officials and watched dolphins perform stunts to music , KCNA said . The park , on the Taedong River , includes a dolphinarium , wading pool , fun fair and mini golf course , it said . No details were given of when Kim and Ri were married , but she is referred to several times by the news agency as his wife . Little is known about Kim , who became the third generation of his family to lead his reclusive country when he assumed power following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in December . Kim Jong Il , known as "  Dear Leader , " had ruled for 17 years after inheriting power from the country 's founding father , Kim Il Sung , the eternal president and "  Great Leader . " North Korea 's cult of personality surrounds Kim Kim Jong Un was granted the title of "  Supreme Leader . " His age is still a source of speculation , though it 's thought that he 's in his late 20s . This month , there was much speculation about the identity of a young woman who was by his side during more than one official engagement . On one occasion , she accompanied the young leader to a Pyongyang theater on a Friday night to watch a performance of North Korea 's Moranbong band . The display included a cast of Disney characters , although The Walt Disney Co. said their use was not authorized . The same woman was seen on state TV two days later , walking a few paces behind Kim as he toured Kumsusan Palace in Pyongyang , and then she was shown standing to attention at Kim 's side as they and top military officials paid tribute to his grandfather . Her appearance was a sufficiently unusual event to prompt newspaper headlines in neighboring South Korea . What Kim 's ` mystery woman ' says about North Korea Analysts have watched North Korea closely for clues to any shift in direction since Kim Jong Un assumed power . "  He is the youngest head of state in the world , " analyst Patrick Chovanec said . "  There 's still a lot of debate about how much power he has , whether other family members are in control or the military . " In April , Kim gave his first televised speech since assuming the country 's leadership , when he addressed hundreds of troops and others in Pyongyang as part of a massive , orchestrated celebration marking 100 years since the birth of his grandfather . He gave his second public speech in June , before tens of thousands of children in Pyongyang on the 66th anniversary of the Korean Children 's Union . His father is believed to have made only one brief broadcast while in charge . According to what little has been revealed about him , Kim Jong Un was educated partly in Switzerland , loves music and Western movies , and is a huge basketball fan . He is the youngest son of Kim Jong Il . Shooting hoops for peace in North Korea CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	NEW : Kim Jong Un and his wife attended the opening of a new theme park , state media reports NEW : No details are given on when Kim and Ri Sol Ju were married The presence of a woman by Kim Jong Un 's side this month sparked speculation Little is known about the youthful leader of the reclusive country
CNN  -- Brian Adkins , a newly assigned American diplomat in Ethiopia , was found dead last weekend at his home in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , an embassy spokesman and a senior State Department official said Thursday . U.S. Embassy press officer Michael McClellan identified Adkins and said he was from Columbus , Ohio . He was 25 at the time of his death . "  He was found dead over the weekend and a criminal investigation is under way , " McClellan said . "  The Ethiopian Federal Police are investigating it . " Adkins , who would have turned 26 on Monday , received his undergraduate and graduate degrees from George Washington University , according to the school 's newspaper , the GW Hatchet . According to the paper , Adkins joined the State Department after receiving his master 's degree in 2007 . A State Department official , who declined to be named because of the ongoing investigation , said it was the diplomat 's first tour of duty as a foreign service officer . There were no apparent threats against him , and investigators are trying to determine if he was the victim of a random crime . The GW Hatchet reported that Adkins moved to Ethiopia as part of a Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship , after studying the local language and culture for nearly a year . A GWU student and friend of Adkins described him as "  selfless , hardworking , confident , funny , charming , articulate , a scholar and a gentleman , " according to the newspaper . "  The world has lost someone who had so much to offer . I miss him tremendously , " senior Michael Geremia told The Hatchet . "  When I received word of his death on Monday , which would have been his 26th birthday , a piece of me died in Ethiopia . " As a student , Adkins was active in the Knights of Columbus and the Newman Center , which are organizations run by the Catholic church , the paper reported . CNN 's Elise Labott and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Embassy press officer says a criminal investigation is underway Brain Adkins , 25 , of Columbus , Ohio , attended George Washington University Friend describes him as "  charming , articulate , a scholar and a gentleman " Paper reports Adkins moved to Ethiopia after studying language , culture for a year
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The phone call came from my uncle -- a captain on a superyacht -- offering me a seasonal job as a stewardess . Having absolutely no experience and no idea what the job would entail , where it would take me and how I would fare in rough conditions , I jumped at the chance . Within the week I had arranged my B1/B2 visa at the American Consulate , booked in the obligatory safety course  S.T.C.W 95  , had a medical , packed up the accumulation of goods a girl at 22 owns and flew across to the USA . I arrived just in time for the Miami Boat Show armed with a reckless dash of confidence , a hefty dose of enthusiasm and sea sick pills . Despite discovering that it is indeed true , one can turn a certain shade of green ; what started as one season has now turned into six years of life working as a stewardess , and now chief stewardess , on superyachts . The industry is a curious one . Unless you have actually worked on a white boat it is near impossible to understand the life of a crew member . From an outsiders perspective cruising in a luxury floating hotel to glamorous and exotic locations on an all-expenses paid trip does indeed sound luxurious , amazing , and enviable . See also : Shipwreck hunters ' mysterious finds I am the first to admit it can be . As someone who has taken the plunge below deck , I can tell you , yachting is an industry of extreme highs and extremes lows . Yes you are indeed gracing the ports of Monte Carlo , Ibiza , Sardinia , Nice and St Barts but , in reality , the key sights are usually seen through a small round window not dissimilar from the sort you see on Playschool . Porthole tourism I like to call it . In season , rarely do you have the energy to tear yourself away from scrubbing the porcelain throne to take in the salty foreign air . An irregular heart beat from the Red Bull running through your veins , is a necessary hazard after 36 hours of "  yes siring " to a plethora of demanding billionaires all whilst maintaining that smile on your dial . Check out Bonnie 's website for more inside info There really is no typical day onboard a superyacht . Workload and the sort of work changes depending on the season , whether you have guests on board and any maintenance issues . A superyacht requires never ending upkeep . The yacht needs to be kept in immaculate condition and the crew need always need to be prepared for any situation . Salaries on board a yacht are dependent on position , qualifications , yacht size , where the yacht is located and if is private or charter . In general , a slightly higher salary is offered if the yacht is private with the hope if you work on a charter that you will make up your salary with tips . A person in my position with experience can hope to make from $ 3500 - $ 6000 a month , not including tips , while inexperienced crew can hope to earn around $ 2000-3000 a month . On a busy and successful charter yacht you can hope to make tips of around 5 to 15 % of the cost of the charter per week divided amongst the crew . In recent years tips are not as extravagant as they once were but you can hope to make approximately $ 1000 USD a week in tips . With a busy charter yacht completing approximately 10 weeks of charter a season . Possibly the most extraordinary situation I experienced and -- we were totally unprepared for it -- came when the captain of the yacht I was working on fell sick and went into a coma . We were docked on an isolated island in the Bahamas and had no means of transport to get the captain and his distraught wife  who was also the chef on board  to the closest hospital . Luckily for us , a couple had just tied the knot on the beach near our boat and we had to hitch a ride with the newlyweds to a place where the captain and his wife could be airlifted out . See also : How to design a yacht fit for a Queen In addition to this we had a charter load of guests flying in who were intending on joining us to cruise the Bahamas islands . We did n't have time to contact them to let them know we were now down a captain and a chef , had no time for provisions , no access to money , no way to steer the boat and not enough crew . We did , however , have champagne , a freezer full of lobster and some culinary skills between us . Somehow we managed to pull it off with some cruises around in our tender and made an attempt at gourmet meals . Thankfully the captain survived and was back at work after a couple of months . Working on a superyacht is very hard work ; you have to be at the beck and call of guests who have some quite particular requests that are almost impossible to fulfill . One particularly challenging one was from a lady having a bad hair day who wanted a seaplane to take her from Alaska to a hair stylist in Canada ! I 've also had guests who pre-ordered 100 bottles of vodka for their week-long trip but polished it all off just days into their charter , they wanted me to somehow organize another 100 bottles of their luxury brand spirit from the middle of the ocean . There are the simple things too like making sure you have the language of choice newspapers and particular imported coffee and the preferred wine on hand at all times , from wherever you may be in the world . We had a particular diva celebrity who required full body make up every day before she left her cabin and a group of Ukrainian guests who brought with them suitcases full of pig lard to accompany their whiskey . Whatever the guests require it is our job to make sure they get it . Although we do everything in our power to provide them with a six star service , Mother Nature is not always so obliging . Encountering bad weather and rough seas is inevitable and makes trying to keep guests happy  and from vomiting  quite a challenge . See also : Is Middle East the new sailing hub ? That aside , after serving , ironing , cooking , chamoising and putting up with bulimic supermodels , there is a real sense of triumph when you complete a two-week or two-month stint with guests on board a 24/7 running  and you are literally running  superyacht . It is times like these when you might just get a day or a night to explore the splendid ports of call all with a nice big gratuity in your pocket . These kind of opportunities are extraordinary and for that moment any trials you may encounter with the world 's wealthiest whilst facing unruly seas , unpredictable weather and even more unpredictable and unruly guests , diminishes . For all the challenges yachting presents , I actually enjoy the rush , the work and the lifestyle  just do n't ask me that after cleaning up after a boat full of sea sick guests !  . I am grateful for the education I have received whilst contributing to running these superyachts and the opportunity to travel the world whilst saving my pennies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bonnie Muddle .	Bonnie Muddle has been working on superyachts for six years Her work has taken her to some of the world 's most famous ports She says the yachting industry is full of extreme highs and extremes lows
Ten everyday people will be recognized Thursday for their remarkable efforts to make the world a better place . CNN 's Anderson Cooper will reveal this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes during the 8 a.m. hour of "  New Day . " All the Top 10 Heroes were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . Each will receive $ 25,000 and be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs December 7 . One of the Top 10 will receive an additional $ 100,000 for their cause if the public chooses them as the CNN Hero of the Year . Starting Thursday morning , you will be able to vote for your favorite Top 10 Hero at CNNHeroes.com . Voting ends November 16 . Last year 's Hero of the Year was Chad Pregracke , who has dedicated his life to cleaning up the Mississippi River and other American waterways . "  The garbage got into the water one piece at a time , " said Pregracke , whom some have called "  the rivers ' garbageman . " "  And that 's the only way it 's going to come out . " Since 1998 , nearly 70,000 volunteers have helped Pregracke and his nonprofit remove nearly 8 million pounds of garbage from 23 rivers across the country . "  I 'll just keep on cleaning up America 's rivers and loving every minute of it , " said Pregracke when he accepted the award . This is the eighth year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those years , the campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . This year 's tribute show will again be held in New York and hosted by Cooper at the American Museum of Natural History . Click here to see all the extraordinary Heroes who have been featured this year .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2014 will be revealed Thursday morning on CNN and CNN.com They will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which airs December 7 Who will be the Hero of the Year ? You can cast your vote once the names are revealed
CNN  -- Ecuador 's government says it has well-founded suspicions that a private security company bugged its London embassy . But Surveillance Group Limited , whose website boasts ties with British law enforcement agencies and European financial institutions , denied that accusation on Thursday . "  We have this morning heard an accusation the source of which is apparently Ricardo Patino , the Ecuadorian foreign minister , suggesting that we have bugged the Ecuadorian Embassy . This is completely untrue , " Timothy Young , the company 's CEO , said in a written statement . "  The Surveillance Group do not and have never been engaged in any activities of this nature . We have not been contacted by any member of the Ecuadorian government , and our first notification was via the press this morning . " Patino told reporters Wednesday that Ecuador had "  founded suspicions " that the British company was tied to a secret recording device discovered inside an electrical outlet in the ambassador 's office last month . But he did not detail what led Ecuadorian authorities to suspect the company 's involvement . The foreign minister called for British authorities to help investigate the incident . In addition to serving as an office for Ecuadorian officials abroad , the embassy has also been home for more than a year to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who received asylum from Ecuador in August and risks arrest if he leaves the property . The revelation comes amid worldwide debate over U.S. surveillance , including reports that the National Security Agency planted bugs in diplomatic offices . It also comes as Ecuador plays a key role in the global guessing game over the next steps for Edward Snowden , the former NSA contractor who is on the run after admitting that he leaked classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs . Snowden has asked for asylum from Ecuador and 20 other countries . Patino said on Wednesday that his country was still evaluating the request . Asked whether Assange 's presence inside the Ecuadorian Embassy had opened the building to more risks , Patino acknowledged that the WikiLeaks founder 's presence had brought greater attention to the embassy . "  Surely , there are risks , yes ... but we are willing to run them when it comes to defending rights , " he said .	CEO : Accusations that a company bugged Ecuador 's embassy are "  completely untrue " Ecuador says a hidden recording device was found inside its London embassy The "  spy microphone " was placed in an electrical outlet , the foreign minister says He calls for British authorities to assist in Ecuador 's investigation
CNN  -- The leader of an al Qaeda affiliate in Syria is calling for an end to days of bloody infighting between opposition factions , according to an online message . Abu-Mohammad al-Jolani , leader of the al Qaeda-linked al Nusra Front , called on another al Qaeda franchise -- the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  -- and moderate rebel groups to implement a cease-fire after more than 270 people were killed in four days of fighting between the two opposition factions , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . In a nine-minute audio message , al-Joulani blamed "  the incorrect policies " of ISIS for "  aggravating the conflict " between armed opposition factions , and urged a resolution to the conflict by calling for an immediate cease-fire and creating a Sharia council made up of all relevant groups . The criticism of a fellow al Qaeda affiliate by al Nusra Front is part of a longstanding dispute between the two that came to a head last October when al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri called on ISIS to withdraw from Syria , a call the group refused to heed . "  The whole battlefield and all those in it from foreign to local fighters will pay the price for losing a great jihad and the  Syrian  regime will rebound after it was near disappearing , " al-Joulani warns in the new message posted on online jihadist forums . The call for a diplomatic solution appeared to fall on deaf ears as clashes intensified across Syria between rebel factions and ISIS particularly in the fabled city of Aleppo , where the recently formed Islamic Front spearheaded fighting against the predominately foreign fighting force . "  They  ISIS  have become aggressive and they have crossed the red line from trespassing to assaults to their extremist agenda , " Islam Aloush , spokesman for the Islamic Front , told CNN Tuesday , referring to ISIS 's radical form of Sharia law , public executions , and imprisonment of opponents as key factors that spurred the opposition to take up arms against the al Qaeda-linked group . According to activists and seasoned observers , the backlash against ISIS by more than one rebel faction across multiple provinces overwhelmed the group that claims tens of thousands of fighters among its ranks and just weeks ago appeared the most predominant military force in northern Syria with powerful influence over the majority of population centers . Rebels besieged at least 100 ISIS fighters at a police station used as a base by the group in the key Salheen neighborhood of Aleppo , and elsewhere in the province ISIS surrendered bases and withdrew from towns and villages , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . "  ISIS can not withstand the losses they are taking and the numbers now held as prisoner of war , "  Aloush said , claiming his organization , the Islamic Front , far outnumbered ISIS . The Islamic Front boasts an estimated 40,000 fighters , making it probably the single largest rebel command , according to Aron Lund , editor of the Carnegie Endowment 's Syria in Crisis website . In Raqqah , the first provincial capital under rebel control , full-scale fighting resulted in losses for ISIS at dawn Tuesday . Just a day earlier insurgents freed at least 50 people held in an ISIS detention facility , and further to the west in the Zawiya Mountain region , rebels executed at least 34 foreigner jihadists from the group . The infighting fueling a war-within-a-war further complicates matters for international observers such as the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights  OHCHR  which announced Tuesday it could no longer update the death toll for the more-than-three-year civil conflict . "  We have , of course , depended on the full and transparent cooperation and sound working methods of the various groups collecting the data on the ground . Over time there are fewer and fewer such groups still active , which brought us to a point where we felt that we are not able to produce a new detailed report , " Nenad Vasic a spokesman for the OHCHR said , adding the count had stopped in early December .	The leader of an an Qaeda-linked group tells Syrian rebels to stop infighting More than 270 people are killed in four days of fighting between two rebel groups If infighting goes on , "  The whole battlefield ... will pay the price , " says al Nusra Front leader "  The  Syrian  regime will rebound after it was near disappearing , " he warns
CNN  -- Get a kick out of this : Researchers reported Wednesday finding the world 's oldest leather shoe in a cave in Armenia . The 5,500-year-old one-piece shoe antedates Stonehenge by a millennium and precedes every loafer , mukluk , wader , clog , bootee , stiletto , wingtip , mule , Oxford and cross trainer anyone has ever seen , according to Ron Pinhasi , a lecturer in prehistoric archaeology at University College Cork in Ireland . The effort that resulted in the find dates to 2005 , when Pinhasi and his team of archaeologists first entered the cave about an hour south of the capital city of Yerevan , in Vayotz Dzor province on the border with Iran and Turkey , and decided it looked promising . Two years later , Pinhasi returned , dug down about half a meter and "  started discovering everything , " including rare , well-preserved organic material such as textiles , ropes and wooden stakes , leading them to redouble their efforts . The next year , they excavated in a house that had been constructed inside the cave and found a pit covered with sheep or goat dung . Below the dung , they found broken pottery and goat horns covering the shoe , said the authors , who published their findings in the online scientific journal PLoS ONE . The right-footed , undecorated shoe -- today it would be a size 5 -- probably belonged to a woman , "  but we can not be certain ; it could be a man with small feet , " Pinhasi said . A leather thong is stitched through four sets of eyelets in the back and 15 sets in the top . The shoe was lightly worn . Some of the eyelets have been recut , but the sole shows little wear . "  We thought originally it could be a discard , but at the same time , it 's very strange , because we have only one shoe , and it 's in very good shape , " Pinhasi said . "  It looks like it was more than likely deliberately placed in this way . " If so , it would join a number of other items that appear to have been placed as offerings . At the back of the cave , the archaeologists found pots full of grain and three pots , each containing the skull of a child -- their jaws removed . "  It 's pretty weird , " he said . Two leather samples were taken : One was sent for carbon dating to the Oxford Radiocarbon Accelerator Unit at the University of Oxford and the other to the University of California-Irvine Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Facility ; a piece of the straw was sent to Oxford . Age estimates were the same for all three . Pinhasi said he had no idea how common it would have been at that time for people to wear shoes . His is the second-oldest shoe find ; a pair of 7,500-year-old sandals made of fiber was found in Missouri , he said . But that does n't mean shoes were not commonly used . The fact that so little footwear from those days has been found could be explained by the fact that shoes do n't tend to age well . Had it not been for the conditions inside the cave , the shoe would probably have disintegrated long ago . Though temperatures in the region range from sweltering in the summer to icy in winter , the interior of the limestone cave remains a dry , consistent 20 degrees Celsius  68 degrees F  , key to the shoe 's survival , he said . "  What was exciting was that it is so complete and it looks so much like a modern shoe , with the eyelets and everything . Obviously , these people already knew how to make it . " And there was a level of sophistication in the product that he did not expect . The cow leather appeared to have been split and cured with a vegetable oil , said Pinhasi , who favors size 10 1/2 Birkenstocks . "  They actually look a little bit like the shoe , " he said . "  Not quite -- a bit more sophisticated . " The fact that the cave remained untouched for so many millennia is surprising . It can be seen from a heavily traveled road and is only about 300 yards from a fish restaurant , he said . But government authorities are now posting a guard to keep away looters . "  It 's turning -LSB- out -RSB- to be sort of the most important site in Armenia , " he said . Though he wants to display the shoe in a museum in Armenia , he first wants to take it to Switzerland or Germany for preservation . In the two years since the footwear was unearthed , the elements have taken a toll . "  When it came out -LSB- of the ground -RSB- , the leather was absolutely soft , " the Israeli archaeologist said . "  Now , it 's hard as a rock . " But legislation does not exist in Armenia that would allow him to remove a national treasure from the country , so he is waiting . Meanwhile , the shoe sits in the Institute of Archeology at the National Academy of Sciences in Yereva . On Friday , Pinhasi plans to return to the region , this time to dig in a cave near the one that held the shoe . "  We want to see if it 's unique , " he said . Even if nearby caves turn out to hold no such treasure , the 41-year-old researcher has plenty of work ahead of him . "  We must have excavated about 2 percent of it , " he said . "  It could take decades " to finish the rest .	5,500-year-old leather shoe found in Armenian cave Footwear may have been left as offering In 2 years since shoe was found , leather has hardened
A judge on Wednesday ordered that Ethan Couch -- who drove drunk and caused a crash , killing four people and injuring two -- go to a lock-down residential treatment facility . State District Judge Jean Boyd had already decided the Texas teenager would serve no jail time . He was sentenced last year to 10 years ' probation . His story made national headlines after a witness claimed Couch was a victim of "  affluenza " -- the product of wealthy , privileged parents who never set limits for the boy . That particular defense , however , played no part in the judge 's decision , Couch 's lawyer told reporters on Wednesday . Court proceedings were closed to the public . "  She  Boyd  said it  affluenza  , and specifically mentioned that that was not a basis for her decision , " said attorney Reagan Wynn . "  She heard all the evidence and she made what she thought was the appropriate disposition . " ` Affluenza ' defense psychologist : ' I wish I had n't used that term ' The judge ordered that Couch 's parents pay for the treatment facility , which was not identified . It was also unclear how long Couch might stay there . As part of his probation , the teen must refrain from using drugs or alcohol . He will also not be allowed to drive . If Couch violates the terms of his probation , he could face up to 10 years behind bars . "  I think he can be rehabilitated given intensive therapy and I hope that he gets it , " Wynn said about the teen . "  The juvenile system is about rehabilitation and if it 's going to be about rehabilitation , she  Boyd  absolutely made the right decision . " Eric Boyles , who lost his wife and daughter in the crash , disagrees . He told reporters he has no doubt that money played a role in the case . Steering teen drivers out of harm 's way "  Had he  Couch  not had money to have the defense there , to also have the experts testify , and also offer to pay for the treatment , I think the results would have been different , " he said Wednesday after the proceedings . Last June , his wife , Hollie Boyles , and daughter , Shelby , left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had broken down . Brian Jennings , a youth pastor , was driving past and also stopped to help . All four were killed when the teen 's pickup plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson , south of Fort Worth . Couch 's vehicle also struck a parked car , which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction . Opinion : ` Affluenza ' is n't as crazy as it sounds Two people riding in the bed of the teen 's pickup were tossed in the crash and severely injured . One is no longer able to move or talk because of a brain injury , while the other suffered internal injuries and broken bones . According to prosecutors , three hours after the crash , tests showed Couch had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 , three times the legal limit . "  There has been nothing from Ethan from these proceedings with regards to remorse on his part at all -- that I do think would have helped . It would have helped the victims . No doubt about it , it would have helped , " said Boyles . Prosecutors were similarly disappointed with the judge 's decision . They had asked for the maximum of 20 years behind bars . "  This has been a very frustrating experience for me , " said prosecutor Richard Alpert . "  I 'm used to a system where the victims have a voice and their needs are strongly considered . The way the system down here is currently handled , the way the law is , almost all the focus is on the offender . " ` Affluenza ' : Is it real ?	The lock-down residential treatment facility is not identified The teen 's family will foot the bill Couch was sentenced to 10 years ' probation but no jail time
It 's been 21 years , and John Moore still eagerly leans against his passenger window to watch the landscape pass by as the train he commutes on every day roars over the Moodna Viaduct in Cornwall , New York . The green hills and vibrant leaves just below the elevated track make the trestle one of the prettiest scenes on the 57-year-old 's trip . For more than two decades , the senior business analyst has been traveling about 67 miles for work from his home in Cornwall to lower Manhattan . His total commute time is 2 1/2 hours each way . It may seem like a lengthy commute , but Moore says he prefers this mode of travel . "  Compared to a bus or a car , it 's much more spacious and comfortable , " he says . As soon as Moore boards , he can start work , or socialize with the friends he 's made on the train over the years , or even stretch out his legs and spend a few hours reading a novel . Moore is not the only one dedicated to passenger rail . There has been a 51 % increase in ridership from 2001 to 2013 on Amtrak rail lines alone , according to Jim Mathews , the president of National Association of Railroad Passengers . More business travelers , students and people from the Northeast , Midwest and Western United States are turning to trains for their work and vacation travels . Matt Hardison , a spokesman for Amtrak , the national rail operator , says the longstanding rumors from the 1980s that passenger rail is dying have changed . In the past 10 to 15 years , rail travel has seen a significant rise in ridership . "  Rail has seen a real renaissance in the last decade , " he says . "  It 's been a great time to be here . People are turning to rail for inter-city travel . " From October 2012 to September 2013 , "  Amtrak welcomed aboard nearly 31.6 million passengers , the largest annual total in its history , " according to its website . Some rail stations are brimming at capacity , Hardison says . For example , Pennsylvania Station in New York sees 650,000 passengers a day buzzing through . The Northeast Corridor , Amtrak 's busiest railroad , has more than 2,200 trains operating on the Washington-Boston route each day . Related : Libraries are dying ? Think again Hardison attributes the shift toward train ridership to the increase in traffic throughout many metropolitan cities in the United States . "  In the Northeast , there 's congestion on the streets because of cars and buses and there 's even congestion at airports . " He says people in many of America 's busiest cities are looking for alternative ways to travel more efficiently . For Moore , traveling via train not only reduces commuting stress , but it also allows him and his wife , Maureen , to live in a more serene environment that is far away from the fast-paced city lifestyle . "  We moved to Cornwall specifically because I could take a train to work . It allowed us to live more than 50 miles outside the city and still commute comfortably to work every day , " he says . Rediscovering freedom in travel The portrayal of trains as an old-fashioned mode of transportation is n't a realistic reflection of the hundreds of thousands of people who use them daily , according to Mathews , NARP 's president . "  The community that travels on trains travel for many reasons . One is just for nostalgia . But there are a lot of people who travel from D.C. to New York and you wo n't find a lot of those people traveling for nostalgia , " he says . "  They are in suits and ties , where time is money , and they can work for 2 1/2 hours . " One of those in a suit and tie was Vice President Joe Biden , who for decades traveled by train between Washington and his home in Wilmington , Delaware , while he served on the Senate . Although a growing number of people are commuting daily by train like Biden once did , there are also those who prefer to ride trains for leisurely travel to see more of the landscape and to relax . Jack Donachy says he and his wife , Barbra , are among those people . Donachy says they 're restless souls always seeking a new adventure . Recently , they moved to Mongolia to teach English . But throughout their lives they have had an affinity for trains , riding the Skunk Train in Northern California and traveling via rail throughout Japan and Europe . Donachy , 55 , fondly remembers a train ride he took in Japan during spring 1981 . He had just been honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy after serving out his enlistment . He was traveling by train from Yokosuka , where he was stationed onboard the USS Blue Ridge , to Narita International Airport . "  I had a window seat and was allowing my mind to wander with the rhythm of the train . Suddenly , a switch flipped inside my head and I realized that even though I 'd spent the last two years in Japan , I was seeing -- really seeing -- the country for the first time , " he says . Related : See why travelers are craving vintage theme parks Zooming past the newly planted rice fields , schoolchildren in uniform , and homes tucked away against hillsides , he was inspired to come back to explore the country . "  I do n't think I would have had that experience , that sudden ` connected-ness ' with the country , had I been riding any other mode of transportation . There is something incredibly liberating and thought-inducing about being on a train , " he says . In fact , Donachy went back to school to receive a degree in creative writing and headed back to Japan , where he lived for seven years , immersing himself in the country 's beauty and culture . Donachy says the draw for him and his wife to travel by train is independence . "  The true luxury is freedom , " he says . "  There are no seat belts and for most of the journey you are free to walk around , or have a glass of this or that , or read , or go to the dining car for something to eat , or simply stare out the window and allow thoughts to wander . " That freedom is a rare commodity in today 's travel culture , Mathews says . "  We let airlines treat us really badly . Whether you have to sleep curled up in a ball because you got bumped from your flight or they lost your luggage along the way , we roll with it . But we do n't let trains do that to us , " he says . Mathews says because trains are not readily incorporated in aggregated discount travel sites like Kayak and Priceline.com , the average traveler does not realize trains are a transportation option that can be cheaper and more accommodating than taking a flight . "  I think if people stop flying over our country and start seeing our country and how large it is and how beautiful it is , they 'll get it , " he says . "  It 's hard to have a train ride across the country and leave that and not be a patriot . "	In the past 10 to 15 years , passenger rail has seen a resurgence in ridership Nearly 31.6 million passengers , a record , boarded Amtrak trains in 2013 Rail comeback led by increase in train travel in Northeast , Midwest and Western U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court offered unanimous support for police Wednesday by allowing drug evidence gathered after an arrest that violated state law to be used at trial , an important search-and-seizure case turning on the constitutional limits of "  probable cause . " The Supreme Court unanimously gave police broader powers to search for and seize evidence . "  When officers have probable cause to believe that a person has committed a crime in their presence , the Fourth Amendment permits them to make an arrest , and to search the suspect in order to safeguard evidence and ensure their own safety , " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote . David Lee Moore was stopped by Portsmouth , Virginia , officers five years ago for driving his vehicle on a suspended license . Under state law in such incidents , only a summons is to be issued and the motorist is to be allowed to go . Instead , detectives detained Moore for almost an hour , arrested him , then searched him and found cocaine . At trial , Moore 's lawyers tried to suppress the evidence , but the state judge allowed it , even though the court noted the arrest violated state law . A police detective , asked why the man was arrested , replied , "  Just our prerogative . " While some of the justices expressed concern about that level of discretion at oral arguments in January , their 9-0 ruling raised few such doubts . "  The arrest rules that the officers violated were those of state law alone , " Scalia said . "  It is not the province of the Fourth Amendment to enforce state law . " The state had argued an arrest is constitutionally reasonable if officers have probable cause to believe a suspect has committed a crime . "  This standard represents the best compromise between the needs of the citizens and the duty of the government to combat crime , " Stephen McCullough , Virginia 's deputy solicitor general , had told the high court . But Moore 's attorney , Thomas Goldstein , called an "  extreme proposition " the idea that it would be reasonable "  to go out and arrest someone for a non-arrestable offense and not only do that , but having committed that trespass at common law , to further search them . " There has been widespread judicial confusion over how such police searches should be handled . Some lower courts had ruled that when state arrest law is violated , the Constitution provides a remedy in the suppression of any evidence resulting from the arrest and a related search . But the justices agreed with the majority of courts that said constitutional requirements are satisfied when an officer has probable cause to make an arrest , even if some provision of state law was violated in the process . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote a concurring opinion suggesting Virginia change its law to make driving on a suspended license an arrestable offense . During arguments , Ginsburg spoke for several colleagues when she pointed out that if a summons had been issued in Moore 's case , any incriminating evidence would have been excluded . "  Would you explain the logic to saying that when the police violate state law , then the evidence can come in , but when they comply with state law , it ca n't , " she asked . The ruling means Moore 's original jury conviction and 3 - 1/2 year prison term will stand . E-mail to a friend	Case involves Virginia man stopped for driving with suspended license Instead of issuing ticket , police detained him and searched his car Arrest violated state 's law , but trial judge allowed evidence of drugs Justices ruled that officers had probable cause for search
A criminal defamation case against two journalists in Thailand is set to proceed this week , despite calls from the United Nations and prominent rights groups for the charges to be dropped amid concerns over press freedom there . The charges relate to an article published July 17 last year that included information from a Reuters investigative piece that alleged some Thai naval forces have been profiting from the smuggling of ethnic Rohingya people fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar . Reuters won a Pulitzer Prize in international reporting for its series on the persecution of the Rohingya on Monday . The Phuketwan journalists are accused of knowingly publishing false information and committing slander , according to the charge sheet . In December , the Thai navy filed criminal defamation and computer crimes charges against the reporters from Phuketwan , a small news website in the province of Phuket , over a report connecting military personnel to human trafficking . Veteran Australian journalist and editor of Phuketwan , Alan Morison , and reporter Chutima Sidasathian , a Thai citizen , have been advised that the case will proceed at Phuket 's Provincial Court on April 17 , according to a Phuketwan report . Phuket 's public prosecutor , Wiwat Kijjaruk told CNN Friday there was enough evidence to proceed with the case . "  Even though the two said that they just republished an article from Reuters ... they should have checked the facts before doing so , " he said . If convicted , Morison and Chutima could face up to seven years in jail . ` Chilling effect ' A United Nations human rights official has called on the Thai government to drop the case . "  Criminal prosecution for defamation has a chilling effect on freedom of the press , " said Ravina Shamdasani , the spokesperson for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  International standards are clear that imprisonment is never an appropriate penalty for defamation . " Human Rights Watch , which condemned the lawsuit along with other NGOs , said the Thai navy should allow authorities to look into the allegations of trafficking and other mistreatment of Rohingya migrants . "  Prosecutors should be investigating the poor treatment of Rohingya boat people instead of targeting journalists , " said Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Rights Watch in a statement . CNN could not reach the Thai navy for comment for this story . After the charges were filed in December , an official from the Royal Thai Navy , who asked not to be named , told CNN the navy "  does not intend to obstruct any media from , or threaten any media for performing their duties . What we are trying to do is to protect our organization from false allegations . " The navy has not released an official statement about the case . Reuters has not been notified of any legal action over its report , which a spokesperson for the company said "  was the product of extensive reporting , is fair , balanced and contextualized . " "  We wish to emphasize that Reuters ' story does not single out the Thai Royal Navy , but explores the responsibility of all involved in patrolling the Thai seas and provides their perspectives . " According to Phuketwan , other Thai news organizations that also published the text at the center of the case have not been charged . If found guilty , Morison and Chutima could face jail time of up to two years on the criminal defamation charges and five years for breaching the Computer Crimes Act , as well as a fine of around $ 3,000 . ` In defense of media freedom ' Thailand 's Computer Crimes Act aims to stop the spread of content believed to threaten national security or create panic , but it has attracted criticism from freedom of speech advocates and internet providers for making online users liable for reproducing material originally published by others . Denying the charges , Morison , 66 , said that he will not apply for bail if a court seeks it , "  in defense of media freedom in Thailand . " Originally from Melbourne , Morison has been in Phuket for 11 years , where he produces Phuketwan and also freelances for international media , including CNN , The Sydney Morning Herald and the South China Morning Post . He worked for CNN as CNN.com Asia Deputy Editor in 2001-2002 . Phuketwan has become known for its investigations into the alleged mistreatment of Rohingya , many of whom arrive in Thailand by boat after fleeing ethnic and religious violence in Myanmar . Reports of Rohingya ending up in camps where they are held at ransom , beaten , killed or sold as laborers have been documented by NGOs and media organizations . The Thai government says it is committed to combating human trafficking in Thailand but denies that the Rohingya are victims of trafficking . It says that the Rohingya are migrants who consent to being smuggled . In a 2013 human trafficking report submitted to the U.S. State Department in March , Thailand does not include any Rohingya in its trafficked persons statistics , a spokesperson for the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Sek Suwannamethee told CNN Friday . The State Department is due to release its latest ranking of countries ' efforts to combat human trafficking in June . Thailand will be downgraded to Tier 3 , the lowest rank , unless it makes "  significant efforts " to tackle the issue , according to the State Department .	A defamation case against two journalists is proceeding in Thailand The reporters cited a Reuters ' report implicating authorities in human trafficking U.N. calls for the case to be dropped ; investigate abuses against Rohingya migrants The case is set to proceed in court April 17
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Authorities are looking for art thieves who made off with a collection of Andy Warhol paintings from a private residence last week , police in Los Angeles , California , said Friday . Three of the Andy Warhol works stolen from a private collection : Chris Evert , Muhammad Ali and Pele . The stolen pieces included large pop-art portraits of several famous athletes , including tennis pro Chris Evert , basketball great Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , soccer legend Pel and Major League Baseball pitcher Tom Seaver , police said . The multimillion-dollar collection had been displayed in the dining room of Richard Weisman , a Los Angeles businessman whose portait is among the missing items , police said . The theft was discovered by one of Weisman 's employees and occurred between September 2 and 3 , police said . A $ 1 million reward has been offered for information leading to the recovery of the art .	Thieves made off with 11 Andy Warhol pieces from a private residence last week Multimillion-dollar collection had been displayed in businessman 's dining room One of the works was a portrait of the businessman , Richard Weisman $ 1 million reward offered for information leading to art 's recovery
CNN  -- Wildlife researchers in Sri Lanka have photographed one of the world 's most reclusive primates for the first time . Sightings of the Horton Plains slender loris -- a small nocturnal primate with extremely thin arms and legs and huge round eyes -- are so rare that the creature has only been seen four times since 1937 . Conservationists feared the species had become extinct during a 63-year gap between sightings from 1939 to 2002 . Populations of all types of slender loris , which are native to the rainforests of Sri Lanka and southern India , have been in decline in recent years because of destruction of their forest habitat by logging , agriculture and development . That prompted an 18-month study of the creatures led by researchers working for the Zoological Society of London 's Edge project -- a conservation initiative dedicated to raising awareness about the plight of animals on the brink of extinction . Researchers from the University of Colombo and the Open University of Sri Lanka also took part . Research leader Saman Gamage said more than 1,000 nocturnal studies in 120 different forest areas had been conducted as part of the study . "  This discovery is a great reward for the ongoing field research we undertake across much of south-western Sri Lanka , " Gamage said . ZSL Conservation biologist Dr. Craig Turner said the study was the first close examination of a Horton Plains slender loris ever conducted . The pictures show a 20-centimeter long male adult sitting on a forest branch forest . Conservationists have discovered it appears to have shorter and sturdier limbs than other loris ; a possible adaptation for the cooler , high-altitude montane -- or cloud -- forest in which it lives . That could mean the Horton Plains slender loris is a distinct species in its own right , said Gamage . Results of the study are published in the latest edition of the journal Primate Conservation . "  We are thrilled to have captured the first ever photographs and prove its continued existence -- especially after its 65 year disappearing act , " said Turner . "  The discovery improves our knowledge of this species , but we need to focus our efforts on the conservation and restoration of the remaining montane forest where this species still exists . Currently this accounts for less than one percent of the land area of Sri Lanka . "	Horton Plains slender loris only seen four times since 1937 Conservationists have photographed endangered primate for the first time Loris is native to Sri Lanka but threatened by deforestation Researchers believe Horton Plains slender loris could be a distinct species
CNN  -- Kim Jong Un has assumed "  the supreme commandership " of the North Korean army , state media reported Saturday . The power was transferred to him on October 8 at the behest of his father , Kim Jong Il , who died this month , said the state-run Korean Central News Agency . The announcement came a day after prospects for a shift in relations on the Korean peninsula were dashed when North Korea said a change in leadership would not mean a change in policy . "  We solemnly declare with confidence that the South Korean puppets and foolish politicians around the world should not expect any change " from North Korea , the country 's National Defense Commission said in a statement reported by KCNA . That statement came after two days of elaborate ceremonies in Pyongyang that honored Kim Jong Il and underlined the rise of his son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un , to the position of "  supreme leader " of the secretive state . The nuclear-armed North "  will have no dealings with the Lee Myung-bak group of traitors forever , " the statement said in an English-language version of the KCNA report . Lee is the South Korean president . South Korea 's Unification Ministry expressed disappointment . "  The ministry finds today 's statement regretful , " it said . "  However , the ministry 's basic principle towards easing tensions in inter-Korean relations and resolving problems through dialogues remains still . The ministry hopes North Korea to regain stability in the near future and present constructive attitude . " The North criticized the South Korean government 's decision to allow only a select group of private citizens to visit Pyongyang to pay their respects to Kim Jong Il , whose death was announced last week . Lee 's government 's "  show of enmity " toward North Korea "  culminated in its act of blocking south Koreans who wanted to visit Pyongyang to mourn the demise of leader Kim Jong Il , " the statement said . Seoul allowed a group of South Koreans , including a former first lady and a leading businesswoman , to travel to the North earlier this week to express condolences over Kim Jong Il 's death . That move , along with a number of other gestures like expressing condolences to the North Korean people , suggested a slight softening in Lee 's government 's hardline stance toward Pyongyang . The North , though , did not appear to be impressed by those efforts , expressing anger Friday that more South Koreans were n't permitted to visit Pyongyang and that groups were allowed this week to release leaflets near the border criticizing North Korean leaders . It also said that the South 's decision to put its military on alert after Kim Jong Il 's death created "  a war-like atmosphere on the ground and in the seas and air . " In one of the more vehement passages of saber-rattling rhetoric , the defense commission warned of revenge over these perceived misdeeds . "  The veritable sea of tears shed by the army and people " of North Korea "  will turn into that of retaliatory fire to burn all the group of traitors to the last one and their wailing into a roar of revenge to smash the stronghold of the puppet forces , " the statement said . Amid concerns over change in North Korean leadership , a top U.S. diplomat plans to travel to the region early next year in the first such talks since Kim Jong Il 's death , the State Department announced Thursday . Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Kurt Campbell will "  discuss a range of important bilateral , regional and global issues " during his four days in China , South Korea and Japan . The State Department statement specifically mentioned that the "  latest developments related to North Korea " will be on the agenda .	NEW : Power reportedly transferred to him in October The North says it wo n't engage with the South Korean government The comments come after two days of ceremonies to honor Kim Jong Il The late dictator 's son Kim Jong Un is being portrayed as the new "  supreme leader "
CNN  -- The mother of one of the American service members killed in a military stress clinic shooting in Baghdad said Wednesday she harbors "  mixed emotions " toward the attacker who killed her son . Pfc. Michael E. Yates Jr. was one of five service members shot to death at a stress clinic in Baghdad , Iraq . "  I feel for him , but at the same time I am very angry at him , " said Shawna Machlinski , mother of slain 19-year-old Pfc. Michael E. Yates Jr. . Sgt. John M. Russell has been charged with five counts of murder in the killing . Yates of Federalsburg , Maryland , was one of the five service members slain Monday . "  I think he -LSB- Russell -RSB- needed help and could n't get it fast enough because you have to wait on everything with the Army , " said Machlinski , referring to the alleged shooter and the problems the stress clinic addresses . She and Yates ' stepfather , Richard Van Blargan Jr. , spoke with reporters Wednesday in Maryland . "  As much as I have a lot of anger towards him , I also have some sympathy because I know he must have been going through a lot , as well , " Machlinski said of Russell . While she said that "  does n't excuse " the shooter 's actions , "  I believe that if he would 've gotten the help that he was there to get , maybe sooner , or got more help and other people recognized the signs , because there are signs , and you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to figure those signs out . " "  We 're not sure as to what happened over there , " Van Blargan said . Speaking about Yates , he said , "  We do know that he was at the stress clinic . Like quite a few other military people , they 've all dealt with the stress the best way they could . He was due to go back to his unit today , until this unfortunate event . " Van Blargan said he did n't know much about the shooting suspect . "  He was probably under a lot of stress as well . Quite a bit more from my understanding , " Van Blargan said of the shooting suspect . "  He has friends and family , extended families that will miss him dearly . " Van Blargan said Yates told Machlinski in a phone call on Mother 's Day that Yates had met the suspected shooter , saying he was a "  very nice guy " and "  could deal with him " but that the man had "  some major issues . " "  He was out there on the branch hoping for somebody to help him , " Van Blargan said . Van Blargan said Yates -- who was a father himself -- is going to be missed . "  He was a good man , a good father . He took care of his responsibilities . He was very honorable . He was a good son . He treated everyone with respect and he just wanted respect back , " Van Blargan said . Machlinski said her son told her in the Mother 's Day phone call that the clinic program he attended "  was kind of stupid because he had to color and do arts and crafts and cut and paste . " But Machlinski said her son knew he had to complete the program so he could go back to his base . "  He was one of the lucky ones that understood that he needed help , " Van Blargan said .	Mother of slain soldier says she understands suspect was under stress Army sergeant is accused of killing five fellow service members in Baghdad Slain soldier was "  a good man , a good father , " his stepdad says Before shooting , soldier described suspect as "  nice guy " with "  major issues "
New York  CNN  -- Rapper Ja Rule will face two years in prison after pleading guilty to attempted criminal possession of a weapon on Monday , according to a Manhattan District Attorney statement . The 34-year-old hip-hop star , whose real name is Jeff Atkins , faced a single second-degree weapons charge after police found a loaded semi-automatic firearm -- with the serial number scratched off -- hidden in the backseat of his luxury Maybach sedan , the statement said . The incident occurred on New York 's Upper West Side in July 2007 , it said . Atkins , who was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001 , will be registered as a gun offender , according to the statement . "  Despite having some of the strongest anti-gun laws in the nation , gun violence continues to plague this city , " District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said . "  Gun crimes are serious offenses , and today 's guilty plea should send a serious message to anyone thinking of illegally bringing a gun into New York City . " Atkins ' attorney , Stacey Richman , called the deliberations "  unreasonable " after the rapper "  stepped up and took responsibility " for the violation . Monday 's ruling comes less than a week after a months-long police sting led to the arrest of a 20-year-old accused of dealing cocaine and guns ; he was charged with selling 25 illegal firearms to an undercover detective , prosecutors said . Shootings , and homicides by way of shootings , increased slightly in Manhattan this year , while nearly a quarter of the 240 defendants indicted on gun possession charges in 2010 were identified as 18 years old or younger , according to the district attorney 's office . "  These are kids that should be headed to school , not a prison cell or an early grave , " Vance said . "  So we have a full-court press on those who possess loaded firearms in Manhattan , or who those sell loaded firearms . "	Ja Rule will face two years in prison after pleading guilty to gun charges 34-year-old faced one second-degree weapons charge Former Grammy nominee will be registered as a gun offender
CNN  Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday . A majority of them are Nepalese , Indian and Chinese residents , but a handful are adventurers , trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe . Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries , ask for help and search for their missing loved ones . Several organizations , such as Google and the Red Cross , have published features about the missing on their websites . And on CNN iReport , dozens of people have filed reports pleading for information that might help them locate their missing friends and relatives . The death toll in Nepal is rising ; it has now surpassed more than 5,000 . Though the news is mostly heartbreaking and worrisome , there have been stories of survival , of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster . The walk of survival After hearing about devastation in Nepal , Ahmed Shadmann of Bangladesh reached out to his nation 's embassy in Nepal , made calls to old college contacts in South Asia and posted pleas on social media to help find his younger sister Raisaa Tashnova . Tashnova , 25 , was with a group of friends at The Last Resort , a spa-like resort near the border with China . When the earthquake struck , she was getting ready for a group excursion , a canyon swing . She could see the ground splitting apart beneath her feet . What scared her most was seeing large boulders crashing down from the mountains above . She prayed she would n't be crushed . She ran from the toppling boulders and shielded herself . When the tremors subsided , Tashnova and her friends huddled together and camped on higher ground overnight , expecting to be rescued . When three days passed and no one came to their aid , the group decided to take their chances and leave the confines of the resort . The walk toward Kathmandu was treacherous . The roads near the resort were mostly blocked or in bad shape because of a landslide . But the worst part was the smell of rotting flesh , which permeated the air as she passed countless villages flattened by the quake . "  It was a walk of survival , " she said . "  My brain refused to feel anything apart from putting one leg before the other until the mountains were left behind . " Tashnova hiked six hours through mountainous terrain toward Nepal 's capital . After navigating down tricky mountain slopes , she and her friends came across a village and hitched a ride on a local bus . She was able to connect with her family , nearly four days after the quake , from the airport in Kathmandu while waiting for the next flight to Bangladesh . She was exhausted . She had n't showered or slept since before the quake . When Shadmann got the call from his sister , he said it felt fantastic . "  What was surprising is that her voice sounded very strong . It did n't seem like she had gone through a terrible episode in her life , " he said . There was little information Dr. Carol Pineda and her husband , Michael MacDonald , of Massachusetts , were vacationing in Nepal when the quake struck . Her brother , James Pineda , got news of the disaster from a friend . It was n't until he heard the high casualty figures and reports about the avalanches that he started to get scared . He was prepared for the worst , knowing they were traveling to a Himalayan base camp in Nepal . But that was basically all he knew . James combed through what little information his sister left for him before the trip , but it did n't include the name of the tour group or the hotel where they were staying . He took to social media and started emailing and calling hiking groups that operated in Nepal , but no one was getting back to him . On Sunday , he managed to get inside his sister 's apartment in Boston and find documents with information on the trekking company the pair were using . It was n't until that evening , after emailing the company , that he got a short reply saying that his sister and her husband were safe . But that was all the information he had , and he wanted to hear directly from his sister , so he took to Twitter to see what other people were doing to track down loved ones . Several strangers who were in the same location as the couple responded to his inquiries on social media , saying they were fine . "  It was incredible to see people that were stranded themselves over there wanting to help me . At least now we knew they were safe , " he said . On Monday , the couple left a voicemail for MacDonald 's parents saying they were making their way to the Kathmandu in hopes of catching a flight out . Only one phone call left Janaki Parajuli , a Nepalese tour guide , was busy Saturday morning , leading a tour group of 17 senior citizens -- nine Americans , five Canadians and three Nepalese -- from Kathmandu to Tibet . They had stopped for lunch at Liping village , just near the border , when the magnitude 7.8 quake struck . Once the tremors eased , Parajuli noticed that his cell phone had died . His connection with the outside world had vanished . Worse , he had a group of older travelers and a short supply of food and water . One American in the group had an international cell phone , but its battery was quickly dying . Unable to contact anyone in the area , Parajuli made one last attempt , calling his daughter . Thousands of miles away , in Louisiana , Jyotsna Parajuli picked up that call . Her father explained the situation : The roads were blocked and there was no way to get back to Kathmandu or enter into Tibet . The only way to escape was by helicopter . Jyotsna learned from the U.S. Embassy that a family had hired a private rescue team , working with the Nepalese army , to rescue the stranded tourists by helicopter , but the team was unable to land because of bad weather . Other rescue and relief operations in the region have faced similar weather issues . Crews planning to help those desperately in need are having to wait for storms to subside . Parajuli was told later that 23 people were rescued from the area and left on a bus headed for Kathmandu , but she was n't sure if her father or his tour group were among them . "  All the people in the group are 60 years old or older . My dad said two Americans in the group were sick because of the weather and altitude , and since the people were older , they could n't walk to help , " she said . Now she is anxiously waiting for the weather to clear , and hoping to hear her father 's voice again . If you are looking for someone , we invite you to share your story on CNN iReport . See scenes from Nepal after the earthquake CNN 's Sarah Brown and Anne Claire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck Social media has helped people overseas tracked down their loved ones in Nepal Technology has helped those stranded after the quake reach out for help
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating whether it was an extreme case of bullying that led to the death of a 17-year-old student in Argentina , after she was attacked by two women and another girl last week . Naira Cofreces died Sunday of multiple injuries , including bruising to the left side of her brain , officials said . "  First there was a verbal altercation and then she was kicked , punched and Naira 's head was smashed against a wall , " Judge Maria Laura Durante told Telam , the Argentine state news agency . The judge also said this is a case of "  aggravated homicide because there might 've been premeditation . " Officials say the teen was attacked last Wednesday at about 10 p.m. , after leaving the night school she attended in the city of Junn , about 260 kilometers  161 miles  west of Buenos Aires . Her attackers , ages 17 , 22 and 29 , were waiting for her after school . The two younger ones were her classmates . All three have been arrested and charged with aggravated homicide , authorities said . "  There 's no clear motive . We have testimony that suggests the motive could 've been another girl or because they  the victim and her friends  acted as if they were more beautiful than the rest and dressed better than them , " Durante told Telam . A close friend of Cofreces told CNN affiliate Channel 9 the dispute started over differences that the victim and her alleged attackers had over looks and demeanor . "  She  one of the attackers  would tell her that she had a snobby face , an old woman 's face , that she thought she was more beautiful than her and that she walked as if she were a model . That 's how the whole problem started , " said the friend , who was not identified because she 's a minor . Cofreces went home after the attack , but was taken to Agudos General Hospital the following morning . "  She came the day after she was beaten up , we did a tomography and discovered a big hematoma on the left side of her brain , so we decided to operate , " Dr. Carlos Garbe told Telam . A new tomography revealed more bruising of the brain . leading to a second surgery . "  After the second surgery , she continued to show complications which worsened until she died , " Garbe said . Cofreces was pronounced dead Sunday night , four days after the attack . The incident has caused a public outcry in Argentina . Nestor Ribet , education undersecretary for the Buenos Aires Province , says he has sent counselors to Junn to work with students and their families at the school where the attack took place . "  We 're talking about the death of a 17-year-old child . Nobody can explain why this happened , " Ribet told Telam . "  There is really nothing that can explain this . "	Two of Cofreces ' alleged attackers were her classmates , officials say The 17-year-old student went home after attack , was taken to hospital the next day A friend said one of the alleged attackers told the victim she had a snobby face
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos officially announced he will seek re-election , a decision that could affect the ongoing peace talks between the government and the FARC . "  You elected me to strengthen the results that we had achieved in security , and we have delivered , " Santos said in a televised speech Wednesday night . Santos , who was first elected in 2010 on a platform of continuing an offensive against the leftist guerrillas that have been at war with the government for decades , instead followed a different path . The hallmark of his presidency now is the peace process between the government and the largest rebel group , the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC . The peace process has been ongoing for one year , with progress coming slowly . This approach is controversial in Colombia , which in the past has been burned by failed negotiation attempts . With a peace agreement unlikely to be in place before next year 's presidential election , its chances of success could be foreshadowed by the vote . One of Santos ' rivals for the presidency is Oscar Ivan Zuluaga , who has called for an end to the peace talks and is against giving a political space to the rebels . Zuluaga 's proposal is backed by former President Alvaro Uribe , a former ally of Santos who now favors someone with a hardline stance against the guerrillas . Santos says he wants to be re-elected to finish the peace process he started . "  We still have big challenges , but I 'm convinced that the way to confront them is not only through blood and fire , " he said . Santos ' current approval rating of about 30 % means his incumbency will not guarantee him a second four-year term . "  He thinks that because of fragmentation among the political parties and that other political leaders also have n't consolidated supporters , he can be re-elected , " political analyst Jaime Arango said . Santos placed all his political capital on the negotiations with the FARC , so it 's natural that he is seeking re-election , another analyst , Vicente Torrijos , said . Seeking a second term was his only option given that the peace process is still underway , he said . "  So he is going to present himself to Colombians and the world as the peacemaker and of course this is his best calling card to aspire to this re-election , " he said . GPS BLOG : Can Colombia build on its democratic opening ? Journalist Fernando Ramos reported from Bogota . CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported and wrote the story in Atlanta .	Juan Manuel Santos announced he will run for re-election Santos has put his efforts into a peace process with the FARC The peace process could hinge on the electoral outcome
Editor 's note : Tara Wall is deputy editor for The Washington Times . Before joining the newspaper , she was a senior adviser for the Republican National Committee and was named a public affairs director in the Department of Health and Human Services by President George W. Bush . Read her columns here . Tara Wall says Eric Holder 's "  nation of cowards " comment struck the wrong tone . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First , we 're a nation of whiners ; now , we 're a nation of cowards . The coward comment comes from none other than President Obama 's newly minted attorney general , Eric Holder . The remarks were part of a speech Holder delivered for Black History Month . Yet , even in that context , the words came across as arrogant , condescending and not at all becoming a statesman . One dictionary definition of coward is "  lacking courage . " Stinging words for a country at war , where white and black soldiers are shedding the same color blood . Are they cowards ? Ironic too that Holder 's remarks come at a time when the nation has just elected its first black president and witnessed the confirmation of its first black attorney general  Holder himself  . Forget that more whites than blacks cast their ballots for a black man to lead the nation . So this is how Holder says thanks ? Did the attorney general not think about the weight his words would carry ? Was he simply trying to be provocative ? Is this his way of bringing the races together ? Does his position or his color give him the bravado to think that he can get away with calling us cowards ? Imagine for a moment if John McCain or George W. Bush uttered those words . The criticism would have known no bounds . i-Report . com : Share your thoughts on Holder 's comments You 'll recall , it was just a few months back that a media frenzy erupted when former Sen. Phil Gramm called national leaders  not the nation  a bunch of "  whiners . " Media pundits and broadcasters blasted Gramm for weeks , until he was forced off McCain 's campaign . Gramm 's words , while true , were mild in comparison to Holder 's . Where is that same outrage and moral condemnation over Holder 's loose lips ? It 's a rhetorical question , of course . And as much as we are constantly reminded of the past "  mistakes " this country has made , is there nothing worth celebrating , no times when racial harmony brought racial reconciliation ? Little of that made it to Holder 's speech . Instead , he chose the celebratory occasion to exact punishment by way of guilt . It makes one wonder , why does every race speech by those on the left have to begin  and end  with repudiation and insult ? Why must there be a constant reminder of what went wrong without giving due recognition to what went right ? I will acknowledge that the country can always do better when it comes to race , but as much as Republicans are accused of refusing to admit racism exists , assuredly Democrats exploit it for every inch of territory they can garner . They point fingers , threaten and name-call without offering real solutions or substantive conversation . One regular reader of The Washington Times , a Democrat , forwarded me a letter he sent to Holder , telling the attorney general how much he "  applauds " his remarks but saying he had one request : "  I would like to recommend that your office take the lead in ensuring the appointment of at least one African-American on every committee and task force that is created by the President of the United States and current cabinet Secretary 's . " How 's that for affirmative action on demand ? More like affirmative extortion . The writer also stated in closing : "  Let us  by "  us , " he means black folks  take advantage of every opportunity that is before us . " I was particularly struck by the words "  take advantage . " It is a line of thinking and supposed reasoning to justify black Americans getting what 's "  due . " This was just one person 's opinion , but it reflects a sentiment shared by many liberals . It also reveals a get-it-all-while-you-can mentality that has nothing to do with parity , equality or justice but rather with guilt trips , paybacks and quotas . This is not how the "  case for race " should be made . To be fair , there are some points Holder made with which I do agree  at least in part  . "  We , average Americans , simply do not talk enough with each other about race , " Holder stated . It is a challenge for each of us , black , white , Hispanic , Asian , to go outside our comfort zone and reach out to someone "  different " from ourselves  though I 've done it my whole life  . It is an observation that , while true , should n't just apply to white people . It applies to black folks , too . Yet that 's where the discussion of race loses traction among liberals . Holder does n't really want to "  talk " about race , because that would entail not only encouraging blacks to reach out , but it would mean addressing black racism -- which we 've seen in the likes of one Rev. Jeremiah Wright -- in addition to white racism  and all racism  . Yes , we are sometimes too "  socially segregated , " as Holder put it , but cowards we are not . And mere rhetoric and rancor does nothing to elevate the discussion . In contrast to Holder 's bombastic speech , President Bush 's Black History Month speech last year was refreshingly retrospective without being pretentious . While condemning present-day acts of racism  i.e. hanging nooses  , Bush also offered a way forward . "  We renew our commitment to securing liberty and justice for every American , " Bush said , focusing on the present instead of the past : "  We honor four Americans who ... are leading the way toward ending racial injustice across our land . " Rhetoric aside , what was lacking from Holder 's remarks was a way forward . Instead of "  hope , " Holder offered more hate veiled in subtle anger . Last year , Obama gave a famous speech on race , addressing the controversy about the remarks of his former pastor , Wright , and urging people not to wallow in resentment : Obama said , "  The profound mistake of Rev. Wright 's sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society . It 's that he spoke as if our society was static , as if no progress had been made , as if this country -- a country that has made it possible for one of his own members to run for the highest office in the land and build a coalition of white and black , Latino and Asian , rich and poor , young and old -- is still irrevocably bound to a tragic past . " Obama 's speech sums it all up . Holder 's is a contradiction . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Wall .	Tara Wall : Eric Holder 's remark that we 're a "  nation of cowards " was wrong She says he ignores the millions of votes Obama got from white voters Instead of hope , she says , Holder offered anger and resentment Obama has urged Americans to focus on the racial progress that 's occurred
The Obama administration asked the Supreme Court on Friday to keep in place an Obamacare requirement that certain religious-affiliated groups cover birth control and other reproductive health services in their employee insurance plans . The high court was poised to decide whether to grant a temporary injunction sought by a Catholic charity of nuns to delay the mandate , which carries fines for non-compliance . The Denver-based Little Sisters of the Poor and other non-profits had filed a lawsuit against the federal government , saying the contraception coverage requirement violates their moral beliefs and their religious liberty . Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued an emergency injunction on Tuesday for the charity that cares for the elderly poor and sought a response from the Obama administration . The Catholic-affiliated group submitted a rebuttal after the Justice Department submitted its brief . It is not clear how Sotomayor will handle the matter ultimately , but one option would be to ask the broader court to weigh in . The appeal again thrusts the politically charged Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , into the national legal spotlight . President Barack Obama 's signature domestic initiative , ruled constitutional by the court in 2012 , became even more controversial this past fall during its flawed public rollout . The current case spotlights a major sticking point in the law over contraception coverage . The mandate was designed by the administration to give women employed at nonprofit , religious-based organizations -- such as certain hospitals and private faith-based universities -- the ability to receive contraception through separate health policies with no co-pay . 5 things : Obamacare and contraception A court ruling on this matter could ultimately impact dozens of religious groups and businesses that have mounted legal challenges in recent months . Church and state The church and state issue now in the spotlight involves rules negotiated last year between the Obama administration and various outside groups to address the controversy over contraception . Under the law , churches and houses of worships are exempt from the mandate . But other nonprofit religious-affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and certain charities must either provide no-cost contraception coverage or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Organizations that choose to opt-out of direct coverage must sign a document certifying their religious objections , and the government would then require the outside insurer pick up the costs . "  At that point , the employer-applicants will have satisfied all their obligations under the contraceptive coverage provision , " the Justice Department said in its brief with the Supreme Court . The Catholic charity has "  no legal basis to challenge the self-certification requirement or to complain that it involves them in the process of providing contraceptive coverage , " the government said . But the Little Sisters of the Poor and the entity that administers its insurance plans , Christian Brothers Services , both qualify for exemptions under the conditions in the law , the Justice Department said . But the groups raised objections in their appeal to the Supreme Court that an exemption ultimately amounts to tacit approval of something that violates their religious and moral beliefs . Contraception coverage would be provided by someone in the future -- and they oppose that . "  The government demands that the Little Sisters of the Poor sign a permission slip for abortion drugs and contraceptives , or pay of millions in fines " for non-compliance , said Mark Rienzi , senior counsel for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty , the group representing the nuns . "  The sisters believe that doing that violates their faith , and that they should n't be forced to divert funds from the poor elderly and dying people they 've devoted their lives to serve , " Rienzi said . The Supreme Court in March will take up a related challenge to the birth control mandate , when it hears arguments over whether some for-profit corporations should be exempt , again on religious liberty grounds . Supreme Court to take up contraception case	Supreme Court Justice Soniya Sotomayor issued emergency injunction on Tuesday The case again puts Obamacare in legal spotlight Case prompted by suit from Denver-based charity run by nuns Ruling could impact dozens of religious groups and businesses
CNN  -- Kudos to the Department of Education for a new study documenting that black students , especially boys , receive much harsher discipline than other students in public schools . Many black people would tell you they knew this already , but it generally takes data for institutional change to occur . The coverage of the study in The New York Times last week got me thinking about what needs to be done . While we must attack the problem on multiple fronts , one part of the solution will not be found in scholarly journals or five-point plans . It is sleeping deep in our histories and needs to be awakened and put to work . It is the communal love of our children . Not just one or two of us doing it , and not just when it is convenient or our children are behaving and excelling . Children in trouble need caring and confidence-building now -- right now . The Times article took me back to thoughts I had in watching all the media coverage of the hit movie "  The Help , " about black domestic servants and white women during the days of segregation . I remembered how profoundly the messages we get as children shape our world as adults . One of the most memorable lines from "  The Help " rolls easily off my tongue . A black maid , Aibileen , repeatedly tells Mae Mobley , a young white girl she cares for : "  You is kind . You is smart . You is important . " Aibileen 's message reaches far beyond the relationship of a black woman turned mother figure to a white child . It is a message that touches the very essence of human dignity and self-esteem in a world that can be unrelentingly cold and unkind . How much better a world this would be if every child were encouraged to be kind . Kind in the face of unkind acts and deeds . Kind when differences of opinion are strong and the stench of bigotry and discrimination are pervasive . Aibileen 's lesson to Mae Mobley was not to become hardened by a world that was hard on her . She wanted Mae Mobley to remember , once she was old enough to discover that her form was not thought beautiful by her own kind , that she was smart and she was important . How much better a world this would be if every child was told she or he is smart . Would more of our children excel in math and science ? Would fewer drop out of school ? Oh what we could accomplish if every parent , every adult and every teacher said over and over and over , to every child , every day , all through the day : "  You are smart ! " Our children are starving for positive feedback and expressions of confidence in their abilities to achieve . We must anchor our children 's confidence in our unwavering belief in their ability to do great things . CNN Health : Love key to brain development in children How much better a world this would be if every child felt important . Important enough for parents to make them a priority . Important enough to know they have special gifts and talents . Important enough to have teachers and school administrators who really care . Sometimes all the edge we need to achieve great things is to know we are unique and special . I was born at time when more than a few sadly misguided black folk openly supported a black caste system based on skin color and hair texture and length -- the closer to white , the better . Although few openly promote such a system today , vestiges of that thinking remain . The ranges of skin color and hair type among black folk are from deep , rich blue-black to ca n't - tell-you-from-a-white-person ; and hair can be short and coarse/nappy to coarse and long to straight and long and all in between . My mother and father were opposite ends of the color and hair spectrum . She was fair-skinned with a head full of hair ; he was much darker with somewhat coarse hair . My sister , the first-born , entered the world with a light complexion like our mother . Her hair was long , dusty-red and very coarse . My brother , the third child , was of medium complexion with keen features like our mother . I was the middle child , features like my mother and the complexion and hair texture of my father . There I was , a dark-skinned girl child with short , nappy hair : a recipe for a hard life . But to the contrary , I live a rich and full life , have considerable professional accomplishments and most importantly , I know why . My family , understanding how skin color , hair length and texture played out in our community and beyond , made it their business to build incredible self-esteem and confidence within me . They nurtured and prepared me for a world that would not always respond to me with open and caring arms . My skin color was my skin color , and my hair texture and length were uniquely mine -- all part of a beautiful package . Neither skin color nor hair could stop me from achieving anything . There are many circumstances , things and people making our children feel they are less than and that they do not measure up . There are many things we must not tolerate from our schools . While we can not stop the world from hurling stones of self-doubt at our children , we can fortify our children and strengthen their resolve to overcome . In our words and in our touch , we can turn the tide of low self-esteem , insecurity about competence and abilities and hatred and intolerance toward others that bubble up in too many of our young people . In whatever language used , however grammatically correct or incorrect , every child deserves to have his or her face gently held and to be told : "  You is kind . You is smart . You is important . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marsha Johnson .	Marsha Johnson : A study showed black children more harshly disciplined in schools She says a part of solution is communal love of children , fostering dignity in a cold world She says growing up in black community , her dark skin could have lowered her standing She says her parents ' support made difference ; all parents must show kids their love
CNN  -- Instagram is a decidedly modern invention , but back in your great-great-great-great-great-great grandparents ' day , "  Photochroms " were the functional equivalent . Photochroms combined emerging photographic technology and the painterly techniques of the old masters to provide technicolor glimpses of the Great Lakes , Old South , Wild West , and Pacific coast . These dreamlike vistas have been collected for the first time in a volume called An American Odyssey by Marc Walter and Sabine Arqu  . The oversize , $ 200 book is a sampling of the 100,000 Photochroms created by the Detroit Photographic Company between the company 's formation in 1888 and its closure in 1924 . The Photochrom Process Photochrom photographers would start the process by coating a printing plate with a light-sensitive emulsion and then exposing a glass plate photo negative onto it . Unlike modern four-color printing process that can represent millions of colors by overlapping tiny dots of cyan , magenta , yellow , and black ink , the inks mixed for Photochroms were mixed by hand in an attempt to perfectly match the yellow-green sunblasted scrub brush that surrounds the Grand Canyon or the aquamarine ocean water of the Bahamas . The photographers would erase the entire plate except for the area reserved for that specific color and make 10-15 more plates to fill out the composition . Photographic details were preserved , but an emotive , if slightly artificial , range of color was added . The Detroit Photographic Company toured large Photochroms on trains and the U.S. Government supercharged their spread by passing a law that allowed Photochromic postcards to be sent for a penny , rather than the going rate of two cents . Like the locomotives of that era , labor-intensive Photochroms lost steam as the first color film debuted in 1907 , and Kodak made color snapshots widely available with the release of Kodachrome cameras in 1935 . However , as a testament to the charm of the technique , the last Photochrom factory did n't close its doors until 1970 . An American Odyssey is available from Taschen . Read more from WIRED : 30 Years After Chernobyl 's Meltdown , Gripping Photos Expose the Human Fallout How the NSA Could Bug Your Powered-Off Phone , and How to Stop Them The Eerie , Crumbling Bunkers of the Nazis ' Atlantic Wall Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Photocroms were the functional equivalent of Instagram in 1888 They were produced using emerging photographic techniques and paint Some of the images feature the Great Lakes , Old South , Wild West , and Pacific coast A collection of Photocroms have been published for the first time in a new volume
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese man was sentenced to death Friday for holding six women as sex slaves in an underground lair and ordering the deaths of two of them , state media reported . A court in Luoyang city convicted Li Hao on charges of murder , rape , organized prostitution , illegal detention and selling pornography , state-run Xinhua said . Li , who is married with a young son , had worked for the technological supervision bureau in the city in Henan province . The 35-year-old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound he bought in 2009 , the court heard , according to Xinhua . He then used the underground room to hold women he tricked into coming to the property . Police investigations indicated the six were held captive for between two and 21 months . Li repeatedly raped the women , forced them to appear in pornographic web shows from March to April 2011 and made them have sex with customers for a brief period last year , the court heard . Three of the women were also found guilty of murder over the killings of two of their fellow captives , Xinhua reported . However , the court was lenient in its judgment of the women because of the circumstances in which they were held , finding they acted under instruction , and in one case coercion , from Li . One of the women was sentenced to three years in prison and the other two were placed on probation . The women had worked at karaoke bars , hair salons and a massage shop before they were kidnapped by Li , police are cited as saying . Li 's intention was to make money from selling the women 's sexual services and uploading obscene videos to the Internet , the court heard . His actions were brought to light only after one of the women escaped in September last year and alerted police . Li was then arrested . Soon afterward , the head of the public security bureau in Luoyang apologized for the police failure to uncover the dungeon sooner and said they were taking new steps to clamp down on vice , according to a Xinhua report at the time . Chinese police sorry for failure to unearth deadly sex dungeon	State media : Li Hao dug a dungeon in his basement to hold six women as sex slaves He is sentenced to death for murder , rape , kidnapping and prostitution Three of the women are also found guilty of killing two fellow captives They acted under instruction from Li , the court rules
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- At an estimated 22 inches tall , Chandra Bahadur Dangi 's body is the size of a large infant . But Dangi , at 72 , is full grown . Sunday , he may be declared the world 's shortest man if Guinness World Records measures his height and indeed verifies he stands 22 inches tall . Dangi flew to the capital , Kathmandu , from his home in southwestern Nepal on instructions from Guinness World Records officials . Dangi , who sports a traditional hat and tailor-made clothing , is in high spirits . "  I feel good that I will be declared the world 's shortest man , " he said . Dangi says he has never taken any kind of medication or been examined by a doctor . He has only suffered from fevers , coughs and colds , and when he does , he has a remedy : "  At such times I drink hot water and have tumeric power dissolved in water . The fever lasts for two to three days . " He says the secret behind his health is his constitution . "  I have n't been ill probably because my body is good , " he said , his eyes sparkling . The seventh sibling of a family of six brothers and two sisters , Dangi left his village for the first time five years ago . This is his first visit to the Himalayan capital . Asked why he did not stake a claim earlier to be declared the shortest man , he said his family was unaware of such a record because they are uneducated . Guinness World Records said the current record holder for the world 's shortest man is Filipino Junrey Balawing , 18 , at 23.5 inches tall . In his remote village in Dang district , about 350 kilometers  217 miles  from Kathmandu , Dangi spends his days making placemats and head straps for villagers to carry heavy loads on their backs . "  He would also look after the buffalos and cows , " said his nephew , Dolak Dangi . "  Although he could not chase them or tie them , he would call us if they strayed . " After all , buffalo milk is Dangi 's favorite . He has been a teetotaler all his life and does not drink tea or coffee . Rather than rice , the staple food of Nepalis , he like chapatis , or flatbread , made of wheat . "  He eats in small portions , " said his nephew . Although he never attended school , a teacher came to Dangi 's house . He has a fifth-grade education . Despite his height , no one has mistreated Dangi . "  Everyone has been good to me , " he said in his high-pitched voice , which at times is barely audible . Sometimes , his nephew , who accompanied him , had to translate what Dangi was saying . A lumber contractor , Ram Bhadur B.K. , came across Dangi five years ago when he had gone to his village to clear the road to cut trees . "  I wanted to make him public , " B.K. said . The first time Dangi left his village he went to a fair at a nearby town where thousands of people paid money to look at him . "  Now I want to go around the world , " Dangi said nonchalantly . Dangi does not remember his father and his mother , who died when he was about 16 years old . His immediate older brother and his family have looked after him . Three of his five brothers were less than 4 feet tall , while his two sisters and two brothers are of average height . Dangi said that he does not have many wishes because he is small . "  I can never be tall , " he said . But he does have one regret : never marrying . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Chandra Bahadur Dangi lives in a Nepali village He hopes to be certified world 's shortest man A teetotaler , Dangi said he 's never taken medicine
CNN  -- A new virus in the same family as SARS -- found for the first time in humans in the past year -- has infected 49 people , most of them in the Middle East . Of those , 27 people have died , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . The virus previously was called the novel coronavirus , or nCoV . However , the WHO this week gave it a new name : Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus , or MERS-CoV . Should I be concerned about new virus ? Your questions answered It 's part of a family called coronaviruses , which cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS , or severe acute respiratory syndrome , as well as a variety of animal diseases . However , the new virus is not SARS . The virus acts like a cold and attacks the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhea have also been seen , according to the WHO . MERS-CoV has been detected in humans in eight countries , the WHO said last week -- Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , France , Germany , Tunisia and the United Kingdom . Earlier this month , the WHO reported two health care workers in Saudi Arabia became ill while treating patients . Here are five things you need to know about MERS-CoV : Widespread transmission has n't been seen All the clusters of cases seen so far have been transmitted between family members or in a health care setting , the WHO said in a May 17 update . "  Human-to-human transmission occurred in at least some of these clusters ; however , the exact mode of transmission is unknown . " That means it 's not yet known how humans contract MERS-CoV . But experts said there has been no evidence of cases beyond the clusters into communities . Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , has said the infection is "  very serious " but appears "  very difficult to acquire . " According to the WHO , "  The recent increase in cases may in part be related to increased awareness among the medical community ; however , the demonstrated ability of this virus to transmit between humans and to cause large outbreaks has increased concerns about the possibility of sustained transmission . " Cases are connected to the Middle East "  All of the European cases have had a direct or indirect connection to the Middle East , " the WHO said in the May 17 statement . "  However , in France and the United Kingdom , there has been limited local transmission among close contacts who had not been to the Middle East but had been in contact with a traveler recently returned from the Middle East . " New SARS-like virus poses medical mystery Most of the cases so far are seen in older men with other medical conditions , experts have said . Precise numbers are difficult to ascertain as officials do n't know how many people might contract a mild form of MERS-CoV . Saudi Arabia leads the number of laboratory-confirmed cases , with 32 as of Tuesday , the CDC said . No cases have been reported in the United States , but infectious disease experts have said they would not be surprised if it happens . Underlying health conditions may make you more susceptible A large number of patients have another condition , the WHO said , suggesting "  increased susceptibility from underlying medical conditions may play a role in transmission . " In addition , the infection has shown up "  atypically " and without respiratory symptoms in people whose immune systems are compromised . No travel warnings have been issued The WHO and CDC have not issued travel health warnings for any country related to the novel coronavirus . But , in a travel notice , the CDC said it recommends that "  U.S. travelers to countries in or near the Arabian Peninsula monitor their health and see a doctor right away if they develop fever and symptoms of lower respiratory illness , such as cough or shortness of breath . They should tell the doctor about their recent travel . " In addition , those who traveled to the Middle East should see their health care provider if they develop a fever and respiratory symptoms such as a cough or shortness of breath within 10 days of returning from the Arabian Peninsula or surrounding nations , according to the CDC . There are no treatments and no vaccine So far , those with MERS-CoV have received supportive treatments to relieve their symptoms .	MERS-CoV has sickened 49 people and killed 27 , World Health Organization says The cases have a link to the Middle East , especially Saudi Arabia Experts say the virus could show up in the United States
CNN  -- On a sunny day at the Rose Bowl Aquatics Center in Pasadena , California , in 1991 , photographer Kirk Weddle was setting up to shoot what would become an iconic image in rock music . Spencer Elden was chosen from pictures of 12 babies to grace Nirvana?s "  Nevermind " CD cover . Weddle 's close friend , artist and designer Rick Elden , remembers that day well because he had brought his 4-month-old son to the pool for Weddle to shoot . Weddle had been tapped to create the cover for what would become Nirvana 's breakthrough album "  Nevermind . " "  We went to the same college together , " Elden said of his friendship with Weddle . "  We were tight buddies and we 'd been through a lot together . " To hear Elden tell it , the shoot was just another job in a long string of photo shoots for musical acts during his association with Weddle . "  Keep in mind we shot the Temptations , and so many bands , " he said . On the day of the Nirvana shoot , Weddle was said to be working on an idea dreamed up by the band 's relatively unknown frontman , Kurt Cobain , Elden said . "  Rumor had it that Cobain had the original concept of wanting to show a mother giving birth under water , " Elden said . "  but the compromise was to have a baby swimming under water . Or so that 's what I was told . " A dozen infants including Elden 's first-born son Spencer were signed up for the photo shoot in the pool that week . On that particular day only Spencer was scheduled to swim for Weddle . Read more about what Spencer Elden is doing now The boy was in good hands , said Elden , a certified lifeguard . And even at 4 months , Spencer was a good swimmer , he said . However , "  if you do n't pull them up , they will drown , " he joked . "  There 's tricks to it : You blow in the kid 's face and it creates a gag reflex . Infants have a gag reflex , as we all do . You hold him up really close to your face . You blow into him really hard . They gasp , and into the water they go . " Weddle then shot just 18 frames , according to Elden . "  We only had a half a second " before the shoot was over and little Spencer was plucked from the water . "  Boom , boom , boom . End of story , " he said . "  We got paid $ 200 . " Years later , Spencer Elden , now a 17-year-old high school graduate , returned to that same Pasadena pool complex to compete as a swimmer and water polo player on the club team . Read how Nirvana changed iReporters ' lives He said he 's still a pretty good swimmer . "  I have n't been swimming as much lately as I 'd like to , but I plan on starting swimming next summer , " he said .	Dad of underwater baby on Nirvana album dishes details on 1991 photo shoot "  If you do n't pull them up , they will drown , " joked dad , a certified lifeguard Photographer Kirk Weddle chose baby 's photo from pictures of 11 other kids Actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames , said dad . "  We got paid $ 200 "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Two men circle warily in the center of a colorful gym mat . Each holds a three-foot long wicker stick in one hand and a blunted aluminum knife in the other . A sudden rush and surge of adrenalin . Both are engaged in a swirl of weapons . The air rings to the sound of sticks striking each other and the duller whomp of sticks striking legs , arms and torsos . The battle is engaged at full speed and full power . Punches are n't pulled . When the grueling two-minute bout is over , both combatants display an angry array of bumps , bruises and welts . The fighters embrace and depart the battlefield . Neither has been declared the winner or the loser . The idea of winning or losing is not what the Dog Brothers are about . "  We do n't keep score , " says Marc "  Crafty Dog " Denny , one of the Dog Brothers ' founders . "  No judges , no referees , no trophies . That would be contrary to the way we do things . " In 1988 , Denny and 10 other martial arts enthusiasts formed the loose tribe they called the Dog Brothers . They were all drawn to an obscure form of the combat arts that originated during times of tribal warfare in the Philippines . This form of combat is primarily hand to hand using weapons that were available in the forests and jungles of the Philippines . It is a fighting discipline known in different parts of the world as Arnis , Escrima or Kali . "  In the past it had been a very , very secretive art , " Denny said , "  a weaponry art that originated in tribal warfare in the jungles . " Dog Brothers gatherings feature bouts of stick fighting , knife fighting , fighting staffs , even the occasional use of chains and other weapons . Punching , kicking and wrestling also come into play . Combatants wear a fencing mask to protect the eyes and gloves to protect hands , but there is no other padding . Their motto is , "  Higher consciousness through harder contact . " "  There was definitely a part of me that said , these guys are way out there , " Roan Kalani "  Poi Dog " Grimm said with a laugh . At the same time , Grimm found the Dog Brothers ' form of extreme martial arts exciting . "  They were applying it in real time and real speed and real power , " Grimm said . "  A part of myself said , I really want to do this . I want to test myself at this level . " There are perhaps 200 full-fledged members of the Dog Brothers pack . Members receive a "  Dog " nickname after they are voted into the pack . The nickname is meant to describe each member 's fighting style or personality . However , to become a full member , other members must reach a consensus that the individual has developed his skills and represents his true potential as a martial artist . There are many who have more than a passing interest in the extreme form of martial arts the group represents . That is what attracted Tobias Gibson to a recent Dog Brothers gathering in Los Angeles . Gibson is a 39-year-old political science professor from Missouri 's Westminster College . He is a studious looking guy with a scraggly goatee and more than a few extra pounds . Although he had trained for eight years in martial arts , Gibson had never engaged in this kind of all-out combat . "  It 's really scary , " Gibson confessed before his bout , "  I was trying to untie my shoes and I could n't . My hands were shaking . " Gibson 's bout lasted two minutes . He had been paired with a much more experienced fighter who took care to look after the newcomer 's safety . Even so , the professor emerged with a series of welts on his arm and back , a bleeding knot on his forehead and at least one broken finger . The injuries did not dampen his spirits . "  Once you get into the ring it 's all good , " Gibson said . "  I 'm in the moment . I was in the moment . " To Marc "  Crafty Dog " Denny , the idea is to push your fellow members to be their best but to also know when to stop . "  In a fight of this nature , things can go wrong too quickly to count on a referee to jump into it . And so fighters are within the code of the tribe , " Denny said . "  We could make this a padded pillow fight but then it would lose its meaning . The danger and risk are necessary to the transformative nature of the experience . " Denny said he realizes this form of fighting involves a concept that is not for everyone . He said it 's not something everybody understands . Grimm certainly understands the calm that can exist at the center of a storm . "  It 's never malicious . And people who display that kind of temperament are very quickly weeded out , " he said . "  I 'm completely aware of everything that is going on . Nothing beyond the exact moment exists . " Grimm laughed at the suggestion that it is a moment of Zen , with an added element of pain . "  A lot of pain if you find yourself a little too Zen and not paying attention to your opponent 's stick , " he said . Whatever the attraction is to this form of extreme fighting , Denny said safety is still paramount . "  The underlying rule is to be friends at the end of the day , " Denny said . "  Which means that our goal is that no one spends the night in the hospital . Our goal is that everyone leaves with the IQ that they came with . "	Dog Brothers fights feature stick fighting , knife fighting and using other weapons There are about 200 members of the Dog Brothers pack This form of combat arts originated in the Philippines
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly 200,000 U.S.-supplied rifles and pistols meant for Iraqi security forces are unaccounted for in Iraq , according to a report to Congress . Loose record-keeping caused the Pentagon and the U.S. command in Iraq to lose track of about 110,000 AK-47 rifles and 80,000 pistols provided to the new Iraqi national police and army , the Government Accountability Office told Congress . The investigative arm of Congress , the GAO also found that 250,000 pieces of body armor and helmets ca n't be accounted for . The report also says a review of the 2007 property books shows continuing problems with missing and incomplete records . The report , issued July 31 , follows an October accounting by the Defense Department 's special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , which put the number of weapons missing at close to 500,000 . Auditors were unable to determine whether the weapons -- which included heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers -- were stolen , being used by insurgents or still in the hands of Iraqi units . A Pentagon official in Baghdad , who asked not to be identified , said some of the weapons went back to Iraqi forces and some were destroyed . But he conceded some of them may be missing . Asked whether they ended up in the hands of insurgents , he said there was no hard data , but "  anything is possible . " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said Monday he is not aware of any reports that show U.S. weapons designated for Iraqi security forces have been found in the hands of insurgents . The missing weapons mostly dated back to former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's rule , and none had serial numbers , the official said . Coalition commanders have tightened procedures for tracking the weapons , including using biometric data from Iraqi soldiers and police -- and since June , Iraqi units have been issued U.S.-made M-16 and M-4 rifles , which are electronically tracked , the official said . Officials with the U.S. training command blamed insufficient staff and the lack of a "  fully operational distribution network " for the poor record-keeping , the GAO report states . Coalition trainers did not keep centralized records of the equipment they issued to Iraqi police and troops before December 2005 , and the coalition "  has not consistently collected supporting documents that confirm when the equipment was received , the quantities of equipment delivered , or the Iraqi units receiving the equipment . " The report said the U.S. commander in charge of training Iraqi forces reported about 185,000 AK-47 rifles , 170,000 pistols , 215,000 items of body armor , and 140,000 helmets were issued to Iraqi security forces as of September 2005 , while the accounting books from the U.S. military contained records for only about 75,000 AK-47 rifles , 90,000 pistols , 80,000 items of body armor , and 25,000 helmets . The GAO recommended the Pentagon set accountability standards for the training program and make sure it has adequate staff and technology to oversee the program . The GAO also recommended the Secretary of Defense determine what DOD accountability procedures should apply to the program and ensure sufficient staff , functioning distribution networks , and proper technology are available to meet the requirements . The Defense Department concurred with the recommendations and has begun a review "  to ensure proper accountability is in place for the Iraq train-and-equip program , " the report states . Pentagon officials said Monday the accounting systems should be "  continuously improved upon and refined . " According to the report the United States has provided $ 19.2 billion to develop the Iraqi security forces and the United States has asked for another $ 2 billion to continue training and equipping Iraqi troops . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Rivers in Baghdad contributed to this report	Pentagon : not aware of reports of insurgents with U.S.-issued weapons U.S. lost track of 110,000 AK-47 rifles , 80,000 pistols for Iraqi security forces Training command blames lack of staff for weapons problem Defense Department agrees to revise oversight procedures
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- It is the middle of the night of Egypt -- time not to sleep , but to hit the streets and rally , whether out of pride or defiance . Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the focal point of the 2011 popular revolution that led to the ouster of longtime President Hosni Mubarak , filled with protesters angry at the man elected to succeed him , Mohamed Morsy . They vented , too , at the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group shunted aside under Mubarak that 's now the most powerful political force in Egypt . A similarly spirited nighttime scene played out outside a Nasr City mosque about 13 kilometers  8 miles  to the east . The thousands of demonstrators gathered here , though , had a much different message : fervently backing Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood he once led . More such rallies , representing both sides of the political spectrum , are expected elsewhere around the North African nation later Sunday . The state-run Ahram news organization , for instance , noted that protests were in full swing early Sunday in Suez , Sharqia , Monofia and Gharbiya ; so many people came out in Alexandria that traffic almost came to a standstill . What authorities hope there wo n't be more of , is violence . Clashes in recent days have claimed a number of lives , most of them people associated with the Muslim Brotherhood after their offices came under attack . Bystanders were affected as well . One of them was Andrew Pochter , a 21-year-old American in Alexandria to teach children English , who was stabbed to death Friday while watching the demonstrations , his family said . An Egyptian man died of a gunshot wound to the head , the health ministry said . State media reported that dozens more were injured in Alexandria unrest that also saw protesters demanding Morsy 's ouster ransack the port city 's offices of his Freedom and Justice Party , the Brotherhood 's political wing . Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist former presidential candidate , said in a video message posted Saturday that he and others challenging the Egyptian government "  reject the violence ... and all the attacks on the  offices  of the Muslim Brotherhood or their party . " "  Peace is our weapon , " Sabahy said . He urged his followers to continue their demonstrations nationwide , saying , "  We are not fighting a rock , rather failing politics that do not meet the needs of the people . " "  We unite and know that strength is in the people , " he said in the video posted on his Facebook page . "  We will be victorious , God willing . " Accepted order vs. change Military security forces are patrolling streets around Egypt , in anticipation of rallies Sunday and fearful of looting , attacks on political or government offices , and violence generally . Morsy also met Saturday with his ministers of interior and defense to review security plans , state-run Ahram reported . Nearly a week ago , Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi said the army would , if necessary , "  prevent Egypt from slipping into a dark tunnel of civil unrest and killing , sectarianism and the collapse of state institutions , " raising the specter of a return to the powerful role it played in domestic politics under Mubarak . But Morsy is not Mubarak . He was democratically elected . Those results should be respected , say his supporters , who have taken to the streets by the thousands , many of them chanting their protest slogan : "  Democratic legitimacy is a red line . " Their show of support kicked off Friday in Nasr City , a Cairo neighborhood . Morsy 's opponents have responded with more large-scale rallies of their own , including a sit-in planned for in front of the presidential palace in Cairo . The president 's opponents have spent months collecting signatures on a petition calling for Morsy to step down and call new elections . The opposition includes a coalition of liberals , moderates and pro-democracy advocates who have joined those calling for the military to take over government and restore law and order . Muslim Brotherhood under fire Since Morsy took office , Egypt 's already sour economy has plummeted further as investors have pulled out of the country in droves and tourism has dropped . At the same time , crime in Egypt has shot up , and some are calling for a return to the law and order they knew under Mubarak 's autocratic rule , carried out with the iron hand of the military . Morsy gave a speech this week highlighting his achievements during his first year in office . But opposition members said he did not address his shortcomings and called for snap presidential polls , a new government and constitutional amendments . The Muslim Brotherhood , whose leaders included Morsy before his election , has lost four members to violence in recent days . Two people were shot dead Thursday when armed men attacked Muslim Brotherhood offices in Zagazig , Morsy 's hometown , spokesman Gihad Haddad said . The gunmen were shouting "  Down with Morsy " during the assault , he said . Amnesty International called on authorities to uphold Egyptians ' right to peaceful assembly and protect protesters and bystanders from violence . "  Given the appalling track record in policing demonstrations , it is absolutely imperative that the Egyptian authorities issue very clear instructions to security forces to uphold protesters ' right to freedom of assembly and refrain from unnecessary or excessive force , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  They should make clear that anyone responsible for arbitrary and abusive force will be brought to justice . " In the past year , about 80 people have been killed during protests and other political violence largely attributed to security forces , Amnesty said . "  We 're looking at the situation with concern , " President Barack Obama said Saturday in Johannesburg , South Africa . Those concerns extend to keeping U.S. embassies , consulates , diplomats and other personnel safe , he said . "  Everyone needs to denounce violence , " Obama said , adding he would favor talks between Morsy and the opposition . "  Nobody 's benefiting now . " About 200 U.S. Marines in Sigonella , Italy , and Moron , Spain , have been put on alert as a precaution , according to two administration officials . The U.S. State Department warned Americans to cancel all but essential travel to or within Egypt . The United States has approved the departure of embassy and consulate employees and their dependents because of the unrest , a senior State Department official said . Nonessential employees and their relatives can get help leaving , if they choose to do so . Pochter , the Kenyon College student from Maryland killed in Alexandria , wanted to improve his Arabic before returning to college in the United States . "  He cared profoundly about the Middle East , " his family said . He was planning a career in the region in hopes of forwarding the peace process . U.S. Marines told to be ready to go to Egypt CNN 's Slma Shelbayah , Elise Labott and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Pro- and anti-President Morsy rallies run late into the night in Egypt NEW : An opposition leader rejects violence targeting Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood NEW : He urges opposition protests to continue : "  We will be victorious " Egyptian troops are deployed nationwide to curb unrest , military says
Miami  CNN  -- An American Airlines plane was searched and cleared at Miami 's airport Monday after a "  suspicious item " was identified in its cargo hold , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . American Airlines Flight 930 from Sao Paulo , Brazil , landed in Miami at 8:46 a.m. , the agency said . "  In the process of unloading cargo , a suspicious item was identified , " it said . "  Out of an abundance of caution , local law enforcement and EOD  explosive ordnance disposal , or a bomb squad  arrived on scene to inspect . The item was cleared and declared safe at 10:37 a.m. , " according to the statement . The agency did not disclose details about the item . Earlier , American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith said that no explosive material or devices were found on board the plane . He said that empty fuse holders were found and described them as like a fuse but not an explosive device . The flight had 169 passengers and 11 crew members on board , Smith said . CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The item has been declared safe , the TSA says Authorities responded after the plane landed in Miami The flight was from Sao Paulo , Brazil
As vacation deals go this one is n't bad . The beautiful southern Spanish village of Genalguacil is offering free accommodation for more than two weeks during the summer peak season . There 's a catch of course . The offer is open only to artists who must produce sculptures or other work during their stay , and bequeath at least one to the village . Call it "  Artbnb . " Long before Airbnb began undercutting hotels with cheap deals in other people 's homes , this sleepy Andalucian community came up with it 's own version . The biennial "  art encounters " festival was dreamed up in the 1990s by a local mayor hunting for ways to turn Genalguacil from a dead-end village to a genuine tourist destination . Artists are offered cottages or other accommodation and all the materials they need to produce their work . Ambitious art festival It seems to have paid off . The Andalucian village 's immaculate streets of whitewashed houses -- and its contemporary art museum -- are now filled with dozens of works of art . And the idea has reportedly inspired proposals for a similar project in Canada . This August , to celebrate the festival 's 20th anniversary , Genalguacil is hosting its most ambitious edition to date , with 10 selected artists receiving a stipend of $ 1,000  $ 1,340  on top of their board and lodgings . Among those selected this year is Eugenio Merino , a controversial artist whose latest exhibitions have included mannequins of dead leaders -- including Spain 's General Francisco Franco -- stuffed inside refrigerators , and one of President George W. Bush in the shape of a punch bag . This year 's festival runs from July 31 to August 14 .	Spanish village of Genalguacil offers free two-week stays to artists in exchange for their work Biennial art festival celebrating its 12th edition this year Village 's streets and museum now host dozens of contemporary works
Washington  CNN  When Louisiana Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal recently finished a speech blasting the Common Core education standards , a room full of activists from the conservative American Principles Project jumped from their seats in applause . Less than a year ago , they might have rushed for the door . The scene of Jindal railing against Common Core -- the education standards embraced by more than 40 states -- stands in stark contrast to his enthusiastic approval of the program when it was first introduced . Jindal proclaimed to business leaders in 2012 that Common Core "  will raise expectations for every child . " In a short time , Jindal has gone from serving as a steward of the Common Core standards to one of the nation 's chief critics . But what 's more remarkable is that conservatives -- known for seeking ideological purity in their politicians -- are n't blasting Jindal as a flip-flopper as he considers a 2016 presidential run . Instead , they see him as uniquely positioned to be a leading advocate for their cause with the governor 's office to back up . Indeed , many on the right have accepted Jindal 's repentance and are propping him up as an unlikely model for the anti-Common Core movement . "  Of the governors , he 's been the most active in speaking out on the issue , " Emmett McGroarty , APP 's education policy director , told CNN . "  Quite frankly , he is the governor who has done the most to remove his state from Common Core . " This week , Jindal released an education proposal through his nonprofit advocacy network , "  America Next , " that in part recants his support . The paper seeks to absolve Jindal of his previous position by claiming he had been misled through "  deception . " "  It was a bait-and-switch , " Jindal told reporters Monday at a luncheon at the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank . "  It was n't what we 've been told . It was n't what we had been promised . " But how did Jindal go from championing the program to becoming one of its leading opponents ? In 2012 , after Jindal and other governors implemented the program , Common Core became a lightning rod issue among grassroots conservative activists who bemoaned it as a "  federal takeover of education . " In 2013 , Jindal began expressing concerns about the program after his staff held meetings with Common Core opponents in the state . While some of the most vocal opposition to Common Core came from conservatives worried about increasing federal control of local education , many parents also voiced concerns about the substance of the curriculum , particularly noting that their children found it confusing . Other savvy Republicans , particularly those with White House-sized ambitions , began to take note . At conservative gatherings over the next year , Common Core grew into one of the most talked-about issues . Suddenly , almost every conservative who had ever hinted at having presidential ambitions wanted to make it clear that they opposed the new standards . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who once supported Common Core , came out against it . The rallying cry "  repeal Common Core ! " became -- and remains -- a consistent crowd-pleaser in speeches by U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . In the context of the burgeoning presidential race , the opposition has one added bonus : It lets Jindal use Common Core as a proxy to outline a case against former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a consistent Common Core supporter who has also shown interest in running for president . Common Core fight a larger battle over the size of government Jindal did n't become one of the movement 's biggest proponents overnight . Activists cite his leadership and what they describe as tireless advocacy as handing the anti-Common Core movement new momentum . Anna Arthurs , a mother with school-aged children who has helped lead the grassroots push in Louisiana , said she first met with Jindal 's staff in September 2013 , bringing detailed information about the ills of Common Core . Over the next year , Arthurs and other activists lobbied legislators in Louisiana and the governor 's staff to gather support . Finally , frustrated with the lack of results , Arthurs reached out to her legislator and demanded a meeting with the governor  $ " and she got it early that summer . That first meeting came around the time when Jindal began to express his firmest opposition to Common Core . And when he flipped , Jindal flipped hard . By May 2014 , Jindal began comparing the way Common Core was being implemented to "  central planning " in Soviet Russia . Amid a separate education battle with the Department of Justice over the use of school vouchers in Louisiana , Jindal began to accuse Democrats of standing "  in the schoolhouse door to prevent minority kids , " comparing them to segregationists who fought against the civil rights movement in the 1960s and blocked black students from attending classes with white students . Arthurs , who sat next to the governor at the APP event last week , said that she believes Jindal 's conversion was "  genuine " and does n't blame Jindal for his initial opposition . Instead , activists claim that Republican governors were duped by a massive public relations campaign and pressure from the National Governors ' Association urging them to sign onto Common Core to secure funding for their cash-strapped states . "  I do n't really blame the governors , " Arthurs said . "  They heard an informercial ... and they were all picking up the phone and ordering the product before it really ended . ... They did n't stop to ask the question : has this been tested ? " Jeb Bush is n't saying ` Common Core '	Just a few years ago , the governor of Louisiana was an enthusiastic supporter of Common Core Now , Bobby Jindal is leading the charge against the program Why the switch ? "  It was n't what we had been promised "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The death of a four-year-old girl run over by a bulldozer in rural China has triggered outrage on Chinese social media , rekindling anger over the issue of forced evictions . The victim , named in reports as Hong Xiaorou , was struck by the bulldozer in Zhangpu County in the southern Chinese province of Fujian at about 11am local time Wednesday , a spokesperson for the county 's publicity department told CNN . The girl subsequently died in hospital , and the driver was arrested . The state-run China Daily reported that the girl 's grandmother , Chen Saijiao , of Linqian village , had attempted to stop a bulldozer she spotted pushing mud on one of her fields . It reported that she could not be understood by the driver , who spoke a different dialect , and he accidentally backed over the girl who was playing behind his vehicle . Pictures of the girl 's mourning family sparked an angry reaction on Chinese social media , where it was perceived as a result of a land grab by local officials . "  There are so many people killed or disabled because of land grabs in China , and  the officials  usually resolve these things with little compensation , " wrote somebody using the handle @yongbao_ai on the popular micro-blogging service Sina Weibo . "  This is no big deal , all demolitions in  this area  are forced . It will be fine once people get used to it , " another commenter using the handle @disanjihuasha remarked sarcastically . Land seizures , driven by soaring prices and Beijing 's push for urban expansion , has been a major source of popular discontent in China , often resulting in violent stand-offs between officials and the public . Farmers have little legal recourse when their land is earmarked for requisition , and compensation is typically slight . Amnesty International identified land grabs and forced evictions as a major human rights issue facing China 's leadership , saying the increasing volume of lawless forced evictions constitutes a breach of China 's human rights obligations "  on an enormous scale . " But some officials have defended the process as a necessary evil of modernization . Zhangpu County publicity department issued a statement Wednesday saying workers building a path near Chen 's fields had mistakenly pushed mud onto one of her fields . The department spokesperson said the death was an accident that had "  absolutely no relation " to the land grab issue . County officials had met with the girl 's parents and were in discussions with them about compensation , the spokesperson said .	Girl , 4 , dies after being run over by a bulldozer in Fujian Province , China Images of the girl 's grieving family circulated on social media , fueling outrage Many saw the incident as an consequence of land grabs by officials Local officials said it was an accident and had nothing to do with the issue
CNN  -- A massive rocket carrying a new U.S. spy satellite lifted off from California 's Vandenberg Air Force Base Wednesday . Details about the satellite , designated NROL-65 , are classified . But the three-booster Delta-IV rocket used to send it aloft Wednesday is the heaviest in the U.S. inventory , capable of putting a 25-ton payload into low Earth orbit . It 's one of two launches the top-secret National Reconnaissance Office has on the books for late 2013 , NRO Director Betty Sapp told a congressional committee in April . The payload in Wednesday 's launch is thought to be "  a $ 1-billion high-powered spy satellite capable of snapping pictures detailed enough to distinguish the make and model of an automobile hundreds of miles below , " the Los Angeles Times reported . The 232-foot-tall booster was developed by the U.S. Air Force and the United Launch Alliance , a joint venture between aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin . NROL-65 is the second launch from Vandenberg of the Delta IV Heavy . The first was in January 2011 .	NEW : The new National Reconnaissance Office satellite was launched Wednesday The satellite is thought to be capable of taking extremely detailed photos It 's being carried aloft by the biggest rocket in the U.S. inventory
CNN  -- A day after Sunday 's 35-minute power outage during the Super Bowl game in New Orleans , officials were vowing to fix whatever the cause may have been , but no one was saying just what that was . "  We 're going to work very closely with SMG to get to the root of the problem , " said Charles Rice , president of Entergy New Orleans Inc. , referring to the company that manages the dome . "  We both made excellent preparations for an event like this , and then the system worked the way it was supposed to work . " "  We 've spent millions of dollars upgrading our equipment , including our electrical feeders , and we 've never had this issue before , " said Doug Thornton , an SMG executive who was in NFL control at the time of the incident . The interruption in service occurred in a substation that supplies the stadium with power , he said . A piece of equipment in the substation "  detected some abnormalities and it did what it was supposed to do -- it opened a switch , basically a breaker , which shunted the power that we were receiving from Entergy and de-energized the building . " He noted that electricians and electrical consultants were on site and pitched in immediately . A fire alarm that was hit prior to halftime appears to have had nothing to do with the outage , nor did the halftime show , Thornton said . The halftime presentation was run on generated power , "  which means it was not on our power grid at all , " he said . Any electrical issues identified in the probe will be addressed , he promised . "  These are fixable problems , " he said . "  Obviously , for me , it 's a disappointing moment , but when you 're relying on systems , it 's not a human error , it 's an equipment error . We 'll get to the root cause of it and we 'll find out what it is . It 's very disappointing . " NFL Executive Vice President Eric Grubman praised the fans for remaining calm . "  They acted with the belief that the game was going to come back on , just as you or I would have acted in their seats , and that 's what you and I did . " Though the investigation has just begun , "  There is no indication at all that this was caused by the halftime show , absolutely none , " said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , referring to Beyonce 's power-packed performance . "  That is not the case from anything we have at this point . " The company completed upgrades to the stadium 's electrical equipment on December 21 , but that may have had nothing to do with Sunday night 's problem , said Entergy spokesman Philip Allison . "  Since then , we 've had three major events -- the New Orleans Bowl , the Panthers-Saints game and the Sugar Bowl -- "  with no issues . " On Monday , CBS aired video shot from inside a stadium control room as the outage occurred . "  All right , we lost lights , " says a man as the room darkened . Moments later , a man says , "  Frank , we lost the A feed . " "  What does that mean ? " he is asked . "  It means that we have to do the bus tie . " "  What does that mean ? " "  It means about a 20-minute delay . " The CEO and director of research for Zpryme , a market intelligence and analysis firm for the utility and smart grid industry , said someone appears to have made a mistake in their estimate of how much energy the building 's electrical infrastructure could handle . "  Someone made that decision not to invest , saying , ` We can handle this , ' " said Jason Rodriguez . "  Come to find out that their load was just much higher than anticipated . " He continued , "  You can say it 's the electrical infrastructure but , at the end of the day , there 's a human component to it , a decision that had to be made . " But Bill Squires , a sports facility consultant , was not persuaded anyone was to blame . "  I would be very reluctant to ever point a finger , knowing what I know now , at an individual ; I just think it was one of those things , " he said . "  I 've got to believe that those guys do the preventive maintenance . " Besides , Squires said , the outage was no more than an inconvenience . "  Nobody got hurt ; everybody was safe . " And James Fama , vice president for energy delivery at the Edison Electric Institute , said the system appears to have worked well , given that the lights came back on and the circuitry was not damaged . "  The bottom line for any utility or any electric planner would be -- protect your equipment so that you can re-energize it . And it appears to be exactly what happened . " CBS , citing ratings figures from The Nielsen Company , said Sunday 's game between the 49ers and the Ravens reached a total of 164.1 million viewers , making it the most-viewed show in U.S. history . Figures were tallied from 6:32 p.m. ET until 8:41 p.m. ET and from 9:11 p.m. until 10:47 p.m. . The average number of viewers was put at 108.4 million , which ranked it third .	"  These are fixable problems , " says management exec "  It 's not a human error , it 's an equipment error , " he adds Video from inside a control room shows the incident unfolding "  We do n't have a lot of details to share , " an Entergy spokesman says
Opponents of President Barack Obama 's plan , which makes sweeping changes to the nation 's immigration system by use of executive order , focused their criticism on the legal case , saying Obama has overstepped the boundaries of his authority and is ignoring the will of the people . Republicans started attacking the plan long before and soon after the President 's prime-time address to the nation Thursday night , as GOP activists and lawmakers took to TV , their emails and their Twitter accounts to call out the commander-in-chief . "  By ignoring the will of the American people , President Obama has cemented his legacy of lawlessness and squandered what little credibility he had left , " House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement after the speech . "  His ` my way or the highway ' approach makes it harder to build the trust with the American people that is necessary to get things done on behalf of the country . Republicans are left with the serious responsibility of upholding our oath of office . " RELATED : Democrats , Republicans take immigration fight to Twitter Across the right , high profile Republicans -- including potential 2016 White House hopefuls -- vented their rage at an executive branch they see as out of control and out of touch . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush called Obama 's action "  ill-advised " and said it "  undermines all efforts to forge a permanent solution to this crisis " that should come from Congress . "  President Obama has once again put divisive and manipulative politics before the sober leadership and sound laws required of an exceptional nation , " Bush said in a statement . "  It is time for Republican leaders in Congress to act . We must demonstrate to Americans we are the party that will tackle serious challenges and build broad-based consensus to achieve meaningful reforms for our citizens and our future . " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said he "  will not sit idly by and let the President bypass Congress and our Constitution . " "  President Obama is not above the law and has no right to issue executive amnesty . His actions blatantly ignore the Separations of Powers and the principles our country was founded on . The President has said 22 times previously that he does not have the power to legislate on immigration , " Paul said in a statement . The GOP seemed to take little comfort in Obama 's explanation that his actions were in line with other actions past presidents had made . "  His actions are not only unconstitutional and in defiance of the American people who said they did not want amnesty in the 2014 elections , but they are also unfair to every immigrant who has come to our nation legally , " Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas posted to his Facebook profile . Other Texas Republicans said that the President 's actions were not only lawless but also ineffectual . "  The president 's decision tonight will lead to more illegal immigration , not less , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement . "  It is time for the president and Congress to secure our border , followed by meaningful reforms . There is no more time for political grandstanding . " Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , the second-place finisher in the 2012 battle for the GOP presidential nod and a potential 2016 contender , called the executive order "  just another in a long line of power-grabs by this administration . Despite saying as recently as one year ago that he was not the 'em peror ' of the United States , this President simply does not believe that the Executive is a co-equal branch of government . " Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , though , offered a more muted reaction -- focusing his criticism on how Obama handled the changes he announced Thursday night . "  We need immigration reform . But the right way to do it is to first bring illegal immigration under control by securing the borders and enforcing the laws , then modernizing our legal immigration system , " Rubio said in a statement . "  After we do these things , we will eventually have to deal with those here illegally in a reasonable but responsible way . The President 's actions now make all of this harder and are unfair to people in our immigration system who are doing things the right way . " The attorneys general in Texas and Oklahoma both said they were planning lawsuits challenging Obama 's authority to overhaul immigration rules without the approval of Congress . In Texas , Attorney General Greg Abbott , who is weeks away from becoming governor , said in a statement he is "  prepared to immediately challenge President Obama in court , securing our state 's sovereignty and guaranteeing the rule of law as it was intended under the Constitution . " Some Republicans were working on ways to block Obama from implementing his immigration order . Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina posted on Youtube his case against the President 's proposal . "  I will try to defund the effort for him to go at it alone , " Graham said in a video post Thursday night . "  We will challenge him in court . " Others said they 'll look to government funding bills . Louisiana Sen. David Vitter pledged on Twitter that he will do "  everything I can " to stop Obama 's move , "  starting with removing any funding for amnesty . " Arizona Sen. John McCain said Obama 's "  executive fiat " hurts chances of working with a Republican-dominated Congress on an immigration reform bill . He said in a statement that Obama 's executive action "  not only lacks legal justification , but will set back important bipartisan efforts to reform our broken immigration system and secure our nation 's borders -- causes I have long supported . " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus -- who just two years ago , in the wake of the GOP 's 2012 electoral defeat , endorsed a report that called on his party to support an immigration overhaul -- blasted Obama for both his policies and for acting as a "  one-man legislature . " "  The last time the President issued a politically motivated executive order to change our immigration laws , he precipitated a crisis at our border , leaving thousands of children at risk and ripping apart the families he claims to want to protect , " Priebus said . "  Granting amnesty does not secure our borders . Sadly , rather than trying to solve our country 's immigration problems , the President 's actions are intended to poison the legislative process at a time when he should be working to bring Americans together .	Republicans focused their criticism on the legal case against Obama 's immigration proposal Republicans say the President is over stepping the legal boundaries of his authority Obama addressed the nation in a prime time speech Thursday night
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Stars and Stripes , the newspaper that receives U.S. military funding to help it cover and get distributed free to American forces in war zones , complained Tuesday of censorship by military authorities in Iraq . A soldier with the U.S. Army 's 1st Cavalry Division patrols the streets of eastern Mosul , Iraq , on June 16 . In a story on its Web site , the newspaper known as Stripes said the military violated a congressional mandate of editorial independence by rejecting a request to embed reporter Heath Druzin with the U.S. Army 's 1st Cavalry Division , which is attempting to secure the city of Mosul . The military cited various problems in Druzin 's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division , according to the story . One example noted by the military was a March 8 story that said many Mosul residents would like the American soldiers to leave and hand over security tasks to Iraqi forces , the Stripes Web site said . "  Despite the opportunity to visit areas of the city where Iraqi Army leaders , soldiers , national police and Iraqi police displayed commitment to partnership , Mr. Druzin refused to highlight any of this news , " Maj. Ramona Bellard , a public affairs officer , wrote in denying Druzin 's embed request , according to the Stripes story . A military official in Iraq defended the move to turn down the reporter 's request . "  U.S. Army units in Iraq remain committed to the media embed program and appreciate objective media reporting , " said Lt. Col. David H. Patterson Jr. , a spokesman for Multi-National Corps-Iraq . "  The relationship that Druzin established with the command during a previous embed did not facilitate being invited back . " Patterson added that Druzin was welcome to embed in another unit and that the 1st Cavalry Division was open to having a reporter other than Druzin . "  Accusations of censorship are without merit , " Patterson said . Other allegations against Druzin by the military included that he used quotes out of context , behaved unprofessionally and persisted in asking Army officials for permission to use a computer to file a story during a communications blackout period , the Stripes story said . Terry Leonard , editorial director at Stars and Stripes , denied the Army 's allegations , calling Druzin 's previous reporting on the division accurate and fair . "  To simply say ` you ca n't send him because we did n't like what he wrote ' is unacceptable , " Leonard said . He noted that Congress set up Stripes as an independent newspaper so that "  no commander can decide what news troops in the field receive . " Army officials have offered to allow a different Stripes reporter to embed with the division or to allow Druzin to embed with a different Army unit in Kirkuk , Leonard said . Stripes rejected those offers because the military has no right to deflect coverage from Mosul or decide which Stripes reporter covers its operations , Leonard said . "  To deny Mr. Druzin an embed under the reasons stated by Maj. Bellard is a direct challenge to the editorial independence of this newspaper , " Leonard wrote in his appeal to the decision , according to the Stripes story . "  That independence is mandated by Congress . The denial of the embed constitutes an attempt at censorship and it is also an illegal prior restraint under federal law . ... The military can not tell us what stories to write or not write . " Stripes receives close to $ 10 million a year from the Department of Defense to help defray the costs of covering "  contingency " operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , including the publishing and distribution of roughly 85,000 free newspapers a day , Leonard said . The newspaper receives additional government subsidies , with the total amounting to less than half of its budget , he said . Other revenue comes from ad sales and circulation at permanent U.S. military bases and elsewhere , Leonard said . CNN has been denied embed requests on occasion but never because of the past conduct of individual journalists . The reasons have almost always involved logistical details involving security and force coverage .	Newspaper says military 's rejection of embed request is censorship Paper wanted reporter Heath Druzin to be embedded with Army division in Iraq Army rejects request , cites Druzin 's previous interactions with division Army denies accusations , says different reporter may embed with division
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund restored their seven-point lead over Mainz at the top of the Bundesliga on Saturday after beating bottom-placed Borussia Moenchengladbach 4-1 . Dortmund went a goal down in the 33rd minute when Marco Reus scored for the visitors , but hit back with goals from Serbian defender Neven Subotic and Shinji Kagawa to open up a 2-1 lead . Two more goals from midfielder Kevin Grosskreutz and Lucas Barrios late in the game wrapped up another impressive win . Bayern Munich moved up to fifth place as they thrashed Eintracht Frankfurt 4-1 at the Allianz Arena . Anatoliy Tymoshchuk opened the scoring in the 29th minute for Bayern only for Frankfurt 's Theofanis Gekas to cancel it out four minutes later . But goals in the 59th minute by Thomas Mueller and Mario Gomez two minutes later ensured three points for the home side and Tymoshchuk claimed his second of the match shortly before the final whistle . The win means the reigning champions are now unbeaten in seven matches but still trail leaders Dortmund by 14 points . Bayer Leverkusen 's 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim sees them lose ground on Mainz -- who beat Nuremberg 3-0 on Friday night . Leverkusen were unlucky not to claim all three points . A penalty by Gylfi Thor Sigurdsson in the fourth minute of stoppage time added to Vedad Ibisevic 38th minute strike for Hoffenheim and cancelled out two goals from Leverkusen 's Sidney Sam and Arturo Vidal early in the first half . Leverkusen remain in third while Hoffenheim drop to sixth place . Goals from Jan Schlaudraff , Didier Ya Konen and Mike Hanke earned Hannover a 3-0 home win over Freiburg and leaves them in fourth with 25 points . Hamburg are seventh after a 4-2 victory over 10-man Stuttgart . Piotr Trochowski opened the scoring after three minutes for the home side only to see for Ciprian Marica -- who was sent off in the 16th minute -- equalize six minutes later . Jonathan Pitroipa and Mladen Petric gave Hamburg a two-goal cushion , before Christian Gentner pulled a goal back for Stuttgart . But Ruud van Nistelrooy scored the hosts ' fourth in the 60th minute to make sure of the victory . In the bottom half of the table , Schalke were beaten 5-0 at Kaiserslautern . The win moved them up to 11th place , while Schalke are 15th . On Sunday , Werder Bremen take on St Pauli . Wolfsburg travel to Cologne .	Borussia restore seven point lead over Mainz at top of Bundesliga with 4-1 victory Bayern Munich coast to 4-1 home win over Frankfurt to move up to fifth Third-place Bayer Leverkusen 's 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim sees them lose ground on Mainz
Washington  CNN  No deal is better than a bad deal , say critics of President Barack Obama 's nuclear talks with Iran . But what if Republican and Democratic opponents succeed in their intensifying effort to derail the diplomacy ? The price of failure could be an ugly blame game and cascade of political reprisals leading to nuclear chicken between Iran and the West -- potentially leading to war . "  We would have to deal with a resumption of Iran 's nuclear activities , which we do n't want to see take place . Iran would have to deal with the resumption of sanctions , which they do n't want , " said Gary Samore , a top nonproliferation official during Obama 's first term . For now , the grave consequences of a breakdown in talks are one reason the United States and Iran are still at the table , as a grueling diplomatic process reaches critical deadlines and painful political decisions beckon . Iran deal : A treaty or not a treaty , that is the question Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif are haggling over the remaining issues in Lausanne , Switzerland , ahead of an end-of-the-month deadline for a framework agreement , which then must be finalized by July 1 . But time may be running out for a deal in which six world powers would lift sanctions that have throttled Iran 's economy in return for assurances that Tehran will continue to stay a year or so away from developing a nuclear bomb . The White House puts the chances of a deal at only 50-50 : Disputes still rage over the scale of nuclear infrastructure Iran will be allowed to keep , the pace of sanctions relief and the extent of nuclear site inspections . Despite the controversy stoked last week in Washington when 47 GOP senators sent a letter to Iran 's leaders warning that the future of a deal was not guaranteed , many analysts believe that the talks will go on , even if the end-of-March deadline slips . "  Not because all sides are desperate to keep talking . But I think sufficient momentum has been created in the last month or so that they see real possibilities , " said Robert Einhorn , a former senior U.S. State Department arms control official . Obama may now have slightly more political leeway on the talks than before -- ironically because of attempts by U.S. and Israeli critics to pen him in . A few weeks ago , skeptical Democrats appeared to be lining up with Republicans and approaching a veto-proof Senate majority that could have forced Obama to submit a deal to Congress or accept the passage of new sanctions . Either move could have killed the agreement . But the Republicans ' letter and a fiercely critical speech to Congress by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the proposed deal prompted some skeptical Democrats to close ranks , at least temporarily . But Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN 's Dana Bash on "  State of the Union " that Obama was on the cusp of agreeing a "  very bad " deal that would allow Iran to keep its nuclear infrastructure intact . He said that if an agreement is reached , he would bring up legislation that would give Congress 60 days to back or reject a deal , despite fresh pleas from the White House for the GOP to hold off . If no deal is reached , McConnell said on Sunday that he would press ahead with toughening sanctions on Iran , he said . Republican sources , meanwhile , said that despite the furor over the letter from the senators , no Democrats had yet formally pulled support for legislation requiring the Senate to have a say on the deal . That leaves the real possibility of a pitched political showdown on Iran in the coming months . The opening for diplomacy is meanwhile not endless . And if no deal emerges by July , political pressure for a tougher administration stance towards Iran may be unstoppable . If diplomacy fails , how events unfold will be dictated by how the process collapses ; who gets the blame ; and the political pressures exerted on Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in Washington and Tehran . "  If , at the end of June , there is not a deal , and talks have broken off , I think that it is inevitable that the Congress will adopt new sanctions legislation , " said Einhorn , now with the Brookings Institution . "  What that will mean is the Iranians will reciprocate . " Iran could start up centrifuges halted during the nuclear negotiations , bring more advanced machinery online and enrich uranium to the potent 20 % level that would get it closer to a weapon . And if it bars international inspectors , the world would have no idea how far Iran is from making a bomb . What 's in the Iran nuclear deal The administration thinks that if the United States gets the blame for using hardball tactics that derail talks -- if , say , Congress imposes more sanctions , as administration critics want -- there is no way its international partners would keep existing sanctions in place , let alone double down and impose new ones . In addition to unilateral U.S. sanctions Congress has imposed , the United Nations , European Union and other countries have put in place their own sanctions cutting off Iran from international partners and not just the American economy . Cornelius Adebahr , a European security specialist at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , predicted Iran would reap a propaganda victory . "  It would give ammunition for Iran to say the U.S. is not reliable , " he said . Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Jim Walsh , a specialist on the talks , said the Iranian government would have little choice but to hit back at a tougher U.S. stance . "  The Iranians are just not going to take it . They are going to feel condemned to respond . Both sides will take their shovels and dig the holes deeper . " Walsh continued , "  We would be between a lame duck  U.S.  president for whom negotiations had just failed , a weakened Rouhani , for whom negotiations have just failed , and a coming U.S. presidential election -- not exactly the best environment to return to talks and accomplish a diplomatic settlement . " Aborted negotiations that leave Iran rededicated to its nuclear program raise the specter of Tehran with a bomb -- or some enemy country taking military action to stop it . Did 47 Republican senators break the law in plain sight ? But critics of the deal being worked out in Switzerland do n't agree that such an outcome is the likeliest scenario . GOP hawks and Israel believe Tehran is so desperate for sanctions relief , especially at a time of low oil prices , that it will have no choice but to offer a better deal than the one currently on the table and agree to the complete halt to uranium enrichment that Israel and conservatives demand . "  If Iran threatens to walk away from the table -- and this often happens in a Persian bazaar -- call their bluff . They 'll be back , because they need the deal a lot more than you do , " Netanyahu maintained in his Congress speech . Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney made the case in a USA Today op-ed Friday that Obama should "  walk away from a flimsy nuclear agreement . " Those opposed to the deal reject the administration that follow their advice would likely blow up the talks and set Washington on an inevitable path to war as the only remaining way to disable Iran 's nuclear infrastructure . Instead , GOP congressmen counter that several bills they are pushing , with significant Democratic support , do not forestall the possibility of continued diplomacy if talks fail . They say that extra sanctions would increase Obama 's leverage in diplomacy , not weaken it . Even if talks do succeed this year , the long-term future of an agreement still would n't be assured . The diplomatic effort has powerful critics among hardliners in Tehran who , whatever 's written on paper , could push to illicitly expand Iran 's nuclear program and close in on a bomb . It 's not just Republicans who fear Tehran may violate any deal or test the limits of compliance . Some people who back the talks admit that may be the case , too . In Washington , Congress will be required to lift the existing sanctions on Iran to sustain the agreement in years to come -- a step that is hardly a given . And the stiff Republican opposition means a deal is not assured of surviving the arrival of a new president in the White House come 2017 . A future Republican president could reverse Obama 's sanctions waivers fairly quickly , as the senators warned in their letter to Iran . Whether the new president would want to do so is another matter , however , especially if Iran lives up to the terms of a deal , which would include stringent verification by international inspectors . He or she would risk a heavy political price . A unilateral Washington pullout would likely infuriate U.S. partners and leave the rookie president facing a boiling crisis that could overwhelm the new administration 's nascent foreign policy . "  That 's what the administration is counting on -- if there is compliance and the deal is working well , " said Einhorn . Kerry reminded Congress this week that Britain , France , Germany , China and Russia would all be cosignatories of a deal . "  If all those countries have said this is good and it 's working ,  will a new president  just turn around and nullify it on behalf of the United States ? " he asked . "  That 's not going to happen . " Congress would face the same cost-benefit calculation when it comes to the sanctions only lawmakers can expunge . In the event of a Democratic White House victory in 2016 , the congressional math could also change in favor of a deal . And if Republicans keep their majorities , lawmakers who are bent on thwarting Obama may be less willing to handcuff a new GOP president .	Iran negotiations have large diplomatic and political implications Outcome could affect next president
CNN  -- While winter 's start remains more than a month away , much of Minnesota and Wisconsin were under a winter storm warning Saturday , with some areas seeing almost a foot of snow . As early as 10:30 a.m. , 11 inches of snow had fallen in Eden Prairie , Minnesota , the National Weather Service reported . Other Minnesota communities had seen 10 inches by midday , including New Hope , Amboy , Mankato and Montgomery , while parts of Minneapolis were blanketed by at least nine inches of snow . In some areas , an inch of snow was falling an hour . "  Even though we get this every single year , for whatever reason , the first snow of the year appears to make everyone forget how to drive in snow , " Drew Gordon , of Eagan , Minnesota , told CNN Radio . "  So it 's always a huge , huge mess . " Shortly after 5 p.m. , the Minnesota State Patrol reported on its Twitter page that officers had responded to at least 401 crashes on Saturday , 45 of them with injuries . The agency warned drivers that conditions could worsen in the evening , as roads turned icy . The storm also affected air travel , with dozens of flights to and from Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport delayed or canceled . The snow was accompanied by sustained winds blowing as high as 25 mph . The National Weather Service 's warning extends through noon Sunday , with just under a foot of snow predicted in the heaviest hit areas , including Minneapolis and St. Paul . The storm 's weekend timing muted its impact on traffic and the economy . Still , as the first big snow since last spring , it managed to jolt even Minnesota residents familiar with wintry weather . "  The reality hits when you need to dig out the shovels , and the snowsuits and the boots , " said Lisa Saline of Bloomington told CNN Radio . "  I 'm glad I do n't have kids in strollers anymore , and I can hand them a shovel and have them go do the driveway . " The snow was forecast to continue into Sunday , and more might come before long , according to the National Weather Service . Temperatures were forecast to be below freezing much of next week , with a 30 percent chance of additional snow on Tuesday . Minnesota and Wisconsin are n't the only U.S. locales experiencing wintry weather in mid-November . "  Near blizzard conditions " are forecast for Wyoming and parts of western Nebraska starting as early as Monday night , with persistent snow combining with sustained winds as high as 45 mph and gusts up to 60 mph . While the National Weather Service is predicting a break Thursday , another winter storm could barrel through that region next weekend .	NEW : Minnesota State Patrol has responded to 401 accidents , 45 with injuries NEW : Dozens of flights have been delayed or canceled As much as 11 inches of snow have fallen since Friday night in parts of Minnesota A winter storm warning is in effect in that state as well as portions of Wisconsin
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans unveiled a $ 1.5 billion border funding package Wednesday to address the situation on the southern border , almost $ 1 billion dollars smaller than the version introduced by Senate Democrats on Tuesday , and less than half of what President Barack Obama requested . But strong opposition from congressional Democrats to policy changes House and Senate GOP members want to attach to a bill combined with conservative pushback from those Republicans who do n't want to give Obama any more money means getting anything through Congress is an uphill battle . House Speaker John Boehner criticized the Obama administration for sending what he believes were mixed signals about its position on altering a 2008 immigration law that allows children from Central America to remain in the United States until they have a hearing . Immigration fast facts "  The administration ought to get their act together , " Boehner told reporters after the closed - door meeting with House Republicans . "  You know they made indications that they were for changes to the 2008 law that helped bring this problem on , and yet now they 're opposed to it . Without trying to fix the problem , I do n't know how we actually are in a position to give the President any more money . " Opinion : GOP , show you care about kids at the border Boehner sent Obama a letter on Wednesday pointing to recent public comments by the President and other administration officials in support of getting additional legal authority , but said that now congressional Democrats have "  backpedaled and voiced unswerving opposition to any changes at all . " "  Frankly , it is difficult to see how we can make progress on this issue without strong , public support from the White House for much-needed reforms , including changes to the 2008 law , " Boehner wrote . Prospects for border legislation in doubt Changing 2008 law at center of plan A House Border Working Group set up by Boehner released a series of policy recommendations it believes are needed to stem the influx of illegal crossings . The centerpiece of their plan was reversing the 2008 law to make it easier to deport unaccompanied children fleeing countries like Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador . Instead of children being allowed to remain in the United States until they receive a hearing -- something that can take months or more than a year -- most children will be returned home quickly . Those who maintain that they face threats of sexual abuse or violence will stay in U.S. custody and get a hearing within seven days . Immigration crisis a political conundrum That plan mirrors a bipartisan bill introduced last week by Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar and GOP Sen. John Cornyn , both of Texas . The working group also wants to deploy the National Guard to the border to assist border patrol agents dealing with humanitarian needs , establish a set of metrics to measure how well federal agencies are securing the border , and expand the number of judges who can more quickly determine whether claims of persecution from those coming into the U.S. from Central America are legitimate . Many of the recommendations from the group are expected to be added to the funding proposal outlined by House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers . The House plan uses left over funds from various federal programs to cover the price tag . Senate Democrats argue the emergency spending bill does n't need to be offset . Rogers insisted the change to the 2008 law is a critical component of Congress ' response , saying , "  If we do n't change the '08 law , the costs of dealing with the problem go up at least $ 1.3 billion that HHS -LSB- Department of Health and Human Services -RSB- would need to continue to house the people that continue to flood across . " The witches ' brew : Desperation , hope and children on the border Not much support from Democrats Senate Democrats released their border funding proposal on Tuesday -- a $ 2.7 billion package that does not include any policy changes . But it 's unclear that proposal can pass . House GOP leaders planned to huddle after meeting with their rank and file members to discuss what details they would put in a final legislative package . They recognize that their pared-down package wo n't get many Democratic votes . Besides Cuellar , only one House Democrat has signed onto the bill to change the 2008 law . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi has said she opposes it and argued any significant changes to immigration laws need to be handled separately . The No. 2 House Democrat , Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , told reporters that GOP leaders should n't expect much support for their plan . Hoyer said Cecilia Munoz , a top White House aide on domestic policy , told him the White House is pushing for a border bill without any policy provisions attached , but the administration is open to discussing changes to the 2008 law on a separate track . For Boehner getting the 218 votes needed to pass a border bill mostly with House Republican votes is proving to be a big lift . Republican Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama told reporters he opposed giving more than $ 1 billion to the administration and instead suggested spending $ 20-30 million to pay for one-way plane tickets to send all of the children crossing the border back to their home countries . Playing the blame game Blasting Obama 's handling of the crisis , an exasperated Brooks said the administration is giving families coming from Central America "  free goodies , free food , free clothing , free health care , free transportation , free entertainment . " He added , "  Right now the president of the United States is the world 's sugar daddy and that has to stop . " But North Carolina GOP Rep. Richard Hudson told reporters the growing problem means Congress should act , and he hoped something would pass before the recess . Referring to the short amount of time left before Congress leaves for its August break , Hudson said , "  I think we need to deal with this issue , we ca n't let it linger another five weeks . " Both parties acknowledge some federal agencies housing and providing medical care for the tens of thousands of children coming across the border are scheduled to run out of money next month . Since Congress controls the purse strings , House Republicans realize that if they do n't pass a bill they 'll get blamed for the situation getting worse . "  I think if you do n't do something the administration and the Democrats in the Senate are going to say -- well they 're going to try to offload this problem onto Republicans and say it 's due to our failure to act , " Oklahoma GOP Rep. Tom Cole said Wednesday . Boehner declined to commit to holding a House vote on a GOP bill before the end of the month , but said "  I 'd like to act , we 've got a humanitarian crisis on the border that has to be dealt with . " Texas GOP Rep. John Carter , a member of the border working group , warned that if the House and Senate failed to reach a deal on a border bill , "  another 50,000 unaccompanied minors will come across our border . "	House Republicans offer plan far less costly than Democrats , Obama Some in GOP caucus balk at spending any money except to send children home Number two Democrat in House tells Republicans not to expect much support from them House Speaker John Boehner wo n't commit to a vote before August recess
Ukraine is ground zero in a tense power play between Russia and the West , with U.S. officials saying they just want Ukrainians to be allowed to decide their own fate , and Russian officials saying they simply want to ensure that Russian-speaking Ukrainians have a fair say over how they are governed . Militants , army face off in Ukraine Officials from both sides say they do n't want to impose their influence on the former Soviet satellite , but they have given no indication they would object if the result of this dustup is closer ties : Ukraine is on Russia 's doorstep and , though short on cash , is awash in natural resources . 1 . What 's going on in eastern Ukraine ? Eastern Ukraine is home to a large number of pro-Russia , Russian-speaking Ukrainians , and is where the play-out of tensions has been most visible . On Tuesday , acting Ukraine President Oleksandr Turchynov announced an "  anti-terrorist operation " to restore order to the country 's east , saying its aim was to "  stop attempts to tear Ukraine to pieces . " The military then launched its first , formal action against the pro-Russian militants who have seized government and police buildings in at least 11 eastern towns and cities . On Wednesday , helicopters and a fighter jet circled over the city of Kramatorsk and a column of tanks rolled through the city , one with a Russian flag affixed . A similar convoy of armored personnel carriers also entered the city of Slaviansk , some 100 miles from the border with Russia . But there was little sign that the Ukrainian military presence was effective . In a village near Kramatorsk , pro-Russian militants surrounded the Ukrainian forces , took away their vehicles and forced them to surrender , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported . They were allowed to depart only after they disabled their weapons . Russian President Vladimir Putin warned earlier that the escalating tension "  essentially puts the nation on the brink of civil war . " 2 . What do the people in the east want ? They want more say in how their affairs are handled . Ukraine is currently a unitary state , where Kiev makes the major decisions that affect the rest of the country , according to Nicolai N. Petro , a professor of political science at the University of Rhode Island specializing in Russian affairs . "  What folks in the east are asking for is greater autonomy , local self-government , " he said . Were it to become enshrined in the constitution , that form of autonomy would become a new form of government -- federalism . 3 . What do Russian officials want ? They say they want to protect the rights of ethnic Russians , but some observers say Putin is wistful for the days of the Soviet Union . "  It 's just Russia trying to expand back into the borders of its old empire , " said Roman Popadiuk , the first U.S. ambassador to Ukraine under George H.W. Bush , from 1992-1993 . He is now a principal in Bingham Consulting LLC . 4 . How did this all start ? It all started with money , or lack thereof . When the Soviet satellite became independent in 1991 , hopes were high that it would succeed , given its rich human and natural resources : vast tracts of arable land and stores of coal , iron ore and titanium , said Popadiuk . At the time , the country was largely unified . "  When Ukraine held its independence referendum , almost 91 % voted for independence , including the majority of ethnic Russians in Ukraine , including Crimea , " Popadiuk said . That remained the case in the early to mid-1990s , when Russian nationalists in Russia 's parliament and in Crimea wanted Crimea to break away and become more independent . The efforts failed to gain traction . But years of massive corruption and economic stagnation took a toll . The hopes for a better future deflated , only to be renewed late last year , when Ukraine began negotiating an association agreement with the European Union . Then-President Viktor Yanukovych initially said he would sign it . But when he reversed course , deciding instead to sign a deal with Russia , fed up Ukrainians took to the streets . They filled not only Maidan Square in the capital city of Kiev , but protested in western Ukraine and , though to a much lesser extent , in eastern Ukraine . In February , after dozens of demonstrators had been killed , Yanukovych succumbed to the pressure , signing an agreement for a unity government . But he then fled to Russia . Back in Kiev , the Ukrainian government saw the unity government agreement as null and void and parliament took over , appointing an acting president and prime minister and calling for presidential elections to be held May 25 . 5 . What about Crimea ? But Russia , coming off the success of the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi , declared the new government illegal . "  With the Sochi Games over , Putin had a clear opening to move into Crimea , " Popadiuk said . "  He sent instigators , got the people riled up , introduced troops without insignia , claiming that they were local militia , local citizens . " Russia has said the uprisings have been the work of pro-Russian Ukrainians . In Crimea , where Russia 's Black Sea Fleet is based , a referendum was held March 16 . Voters were able to choose to become more independent but stay within Ukraine , or to join Russia . The latter option prevailed by an overwhelming margin . Putin then moved troops to near the border with Eastern Ukraine , "  and that 's where we are today , " Popadiuk said . 6 . Why did Putin move troops to the border with Eastern Ukraine ? "  He thought he would be able to foment a general uprising , " Popadiuk said . "  That did not happen ; Ukrainians stayed quiet . " Moscow said its forces are arrayed along the border to conduct military exercises . 7 . So then what happened ? Putin has been sending provocateurs and special forces masquerading as Ukrainians into the zone , Popadiuk said , citing news sources as well as sources he would not identify . "  He 's basically manufactured an environment of instability , " one that lends itself to rebellion , he said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking Tuesday in Beijing , rejected as "  nonsense " accusations that Russia is fomenting the unrest and supporting the militants . 8 . Is it true the country is on the brink of civil war ? Petro predicted the tensions will ease "  if Kiev waits them out , " but could escalate if Kiev resorts to force and there is significant loss of life . Popadiuk said he doubted a civil war would break out , but said that would depend on how hard the Russians push with instigators , whether they introduce troops and how the Ukrainians respond . He applauded the Ukrainians for having responded thus far "  in measured terms . " Rather than allowing themselves to be baited by pro-Russian demonstrators , Ukrainian forces could simply isolate them , he said . "  Let them sit there -- you could have a stand-down for weeks or months . Right now , the ones that are pushing the envelope are the Russians , not the Ukrainians . " Negotiations will prove key , he predicted . "  The Russians are trying to convince the West there is a civil war that could impact the region , and it 's necessary for the Ukrainian government to create a federalist structure , " he said . "  The great fear now is if the West buys that line . " 9 . And what if it does ? The drawbacks would be obvious , according to Popadiuk . "  By creating a federalist structure you would create regions that are almost autonomous , " he said , citing the educational system , trade practices and the use of language . That relative autonomy could undermine the strength of the central government in Kiev "  and is a step away from Russians being able to have a referendum along the lines of Crimea -- which could then lead to a breakaway , " he added . "  It 's kind of like taking Ukraine one slice at a time . "	What 's going on in eastern Ukraine ? What do the people in the east want ? What does Russia want ? Is it on the brink of civil war ?
CNN  -- Pfc. Bradley Manning , who provided classified government documents to WikiLeaks detailing , among other things , America 's undisclosed policies on torture , was found guilty of espionage on Tuesday . The verdict comes on the 235th anniversary of the passage of America 's first whistle-blower protection law , approved by the Continental Congress after two Navy officers were arrested and harassed for having reported the torture of British prisoners . How have we gotten to the place where the revelation of torture is no longer laudable whistle-blowing , but now counts as espionage ? The answer is that government has not yet come to terms with the persistence and transparency of the digital age . Information moves so fast and to so many places that controlling it is no longer an option . Every datapoint , whether a perverted tweet by an aspiring mayor or a classified video of Reuters news staffers being gunned down by an Apache helicopter , will somehow find the light of day . It 's enough to make any administration tremble , but it 's particularly traumatic for one with things to hide . That 's why they tried to throw the book , and then some , at Manning . Prosecutors cast simple Internet commands known to any halfway literate Internet user  or anyone who used the Internet back in the early '90s  as clandestine codes used only by hackers to steal data . That Osama bin Laden could download these files off the WikiLeaks website  along with millions of other people  became justification for classifying the whistle-blowing as espionage , an act of war . And Manning is just one of a record seven Americans charged with violating the Espionage Act in a single administration . But prosecuting those whose keyboards or USB sticks may have been technically responsible for the revelations is futile . The more networked we become and the more data we collect , the more likely something will eventually find its way out . After all , a security culture based on surveillance and big data cuts both ways . Moreover , harsh reaction to digital whistle-blowers only increases the greater population 's suspicions that more information is being hidden . In this one leaking incident , Manning exposed allegations of torture , undisclosed civilian death tolls in Afghanistan and Iraq , official orders not to investigate torture by nations holding our prisoners , accusations of the torture of Spanish prisoners at Guantanamo , the "  collateral murder " video of Reuters journalists and Iraqi civilians as U.S. soldiers cheered , U.S. State Department support of corporations opposing Haitian minimum wage , training of Egyptian torturers by the FBI in Quantico , Virginia , U.S. authorized stealing of U.N. Secretary General 's DNA -- the list goes on . These are not launch codes for nuclear strikes , operational secrets or even plans for future military missions . Rather , they are documentation of past activity and officially sanctioned military and state policy . These are not our secrets , but our ongoing actions and approaches . A thinking government -- a virtuous one , if we can still use such a word -- would treat this as a necessary intervention . Things have gone too far . But ours is a government in "  present shock " : an always-on , always-connected population puts the administration in a state of perpetual emergency interruption . It 's not the phone call at 2 a.m. for which a president has to be prepared , but the tweet at 3 , the Facebook update at 4 , the YouTube video at 5 , and on and on . In such a crisis-to-crisis landscape , there 's no time to implement or even articulate a "  grand narrative . " A real-time , digital world offers no sense of mission or opportunity to tell a story . There 's no Cold War to win . No moon shot to work toward . There are just emergent threats , one after the other after the other . Things just exist in the present , one tweet - or , actually , many tweets - at a time . This makes it exceedingly difficult to frame our policies and strategies with language and purpose . It 's no longer a matter of walking the talk . Without the talk , there 's only the walk . We have no way of judging the ethics and intentions of our government except by what it actually does . Combine this with the transparency that comes with digital technology and our leaders simply have no choice but to do the right thing . It takes more energy to prevent exposure than simply to behave consistently with the values we want to project . Just as corporations are learning that they can no longer maintain low prices through overseas slave labor without getting caught , a democratic government can no longer maintain security through torture and coercion without being exposed . Betraying our respect for human dignity only makes us less resolved as a people , and less trusted as a nation . We are just beginning to learn what makes a free people secure in a digital age . It really is different . The Cold War was an era of paper records , locked vaults and state secrets , for which a cloak-and-dagger mindset may have been appropriate . In a digital environment , our security comes not from our ability to keep our secrets but rather our ability to live our truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Manning found guilty of espionage . Why is whistle-blowing punishable ? He says U.S. government has n't faced it ca n't control info in digital age of easy access He says Manning exposed objectionable official actions of U.S. -- not secrets , but approaches Rushkoff : The transparency of a digital age means U.S. has no choice but to do right thing
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Opponents of California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriages launched a new court challenge Wednesday , led by lawyers who were on opposite sides of the case that settled the 2000 presidential race . A crowd protests the court ruling upholding Proposition 8 in Los Angeles , California , Tuesday . Attorneys Ted Olson and David Boies have asked a federal judge to block California from enforcing the ban , known as Proposition 8 . "  We are two lawyers from opposite ends of the political spectrum who have come together to support one of the most important issues of our time , " Olson told reporters . The case "  is not about liberal or conservative , Democrat or Republican . We 're here in part to symbolize that , " he added . Wednesday 's lawsuit was filed on behalf of two same-sex couples who have been denied marriage licenses under Proposition 8 . A federal judge in San Francisco has set a July 2 hearing on the matter . Watch the next fight about marriage " "  Our Constitution guarantees every American the right to be treated equally under the law , " Boies said . "  There is no right more fundamental than the right to marry the person you love and to raise a family . " Watch more on the same-sex marriage battle in California " Olson was the lead attorney for George W. Bush in the 2000 Florida recount . Boies , meanwhile , was the top legal strategist for former Vice President Al Gore , that year 's Democratic presidential nominee . California 's Supreme Court rejected a challenge to the marriage ban Tuesday , but left intact about 18,000 same-sex marriages conducted before voters approved the ban in November . The court rejected arguments that the measure improperly amended the state constitution . In another echo of past political battles , one of those who argued in favor of Proposition 8 was Kenneth Starr -- the special prosecutor who led the Whitewater investigation that led to the 1998 impeachment of President Bill Clinton . The lawsuit is backed by the American Foundation for Equal Rights , a newly formed organization based in Los Angeles . See iReporter photos of protests , celebrities " But a coalition of groups that fought the ban in California courts -- including the American Civil Liberties Union , the Human Rights Campaign and the Lambda Legal Foundation -- urged supporters Wednesday to turn their energy toward winning in the political arena rather than the courts . "  Pushing the federal government with multiple lawsuits before we have a critical mass of states recognizing same-sex relationships or suing in states where the courts are n't ready is likely to lead to bad rulings , " the coalition said . "  Bad rulings will make it much more difficult for us to win marriage , and will certainly make it take much longer . " Opponents of the ban are already planning to put a new initiative on California ballots in 2010 to repeal it . But Jim Garlow , senior pastor of Skyline Wesleyan Church in San Diego , said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that polls show same-sex marriage advocates losing ground . "  Right now , Californians support traditional , natural marriage 49 percent compared to 43 percent for same-sex marriage , " said Garlow , who supported Proposition 8 . "  That 's a reversal . It has just switched in recent months . As people get more familiar with the reality , the sanctity of marriage , how special marriage is , why a child should have a mom and dad , they shift to the traditional marriage view . " The suit filed by Boies and Olson cites heavyweight Supreme Court precedents such as Brown v. Board of Education , the 1954 decision that banned segregation in public schools , and Loving v. Virginia , the 1967 ruling that struck down state laws banning interracial marriage . It also cited Romer v. Evans , a 1996 decision that killed an amendment to Colorado 's constitution that rolled back gay rights ordinances . That measure , like Proposition 8 , had been approved by voters . "  We 're going to court because people should n't have to surrender their fundamental rights to a popular plebiscite , " Olson said . "  People should not have to beg to be treated equally or wait for decades for popular approval to be treated equally . " Four states -- Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and Iowa -- approve of same-sex marriages . Vermont 's Legislature passed a law making same-sex marriages legal that will take effect in September .	Ted Olson and David Boies appealing to federal court to block Prop 8 Voters approved ban on same-sex marriage in November Same-sex marriage is legal in four states , mostly in New England
CNN  -- A sweeping drug bust in Puerto Rico involving more than 500 U.S. drug agents and Puerto Rican police early Friday is being described by officials as the biggest drug trafficking arrest/operation ever conducted on the Caribbean island . "  This ... massive operation rid the west coast of Puerto Rico of the most hard-core and violent traffickers terrorizing this part of the Island , " said Javier F. Pena , special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration 's Caribbean Division , in a joint statement released by that agency and the Department of Justice . In the statement , authorities announced that a federal grand jury indicted 158 people -- including drug ring leaders , suppliers , supervisors , runners and sellers -- as a result of the joint investigation . The defendants are charged in three different indictments with conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin , crack , cocaine and marijuana , as well as conspiracy to possess firearms during and in relation to a drug trafficking crime , the statement said . If convicted , the defendants would face a minimum of 10 years in prison and a maximum of life imprisonment , with fines of up to $ 4 million . Many of the arrests were made at a public housing complex near schools and sport facilities where officials expect some 300,000 visitors and 600 athletes from about 33 countries for the Central American and Caribbean Games , according to the statement . The games start July 17 in Mayaguez .	Biggest drug trafficking arrest-operation ever conducted on Puerto Rico , officials say More than 500 U.S. drug agents and Puerto Rican police were involved 158 people are indicted on drug - and gun-related charges If convicted , defendants would face up to life in prison , $ 4 million in fines
Washington  CNN  -- The pictures told the story : Vice President Joe Biden looked solemn , patrician and in control as he sat at a long table in the White House , flanked by people on both sides of the gun control issue . The images conveyed a sense that the White House was in command on this issue . And that 's the point . Historically , presidential administrations have used symbolic imagery -- at times coupled with marginal actions -- to shift public opinion or affect larger political or social change . "  Politics is a risk taking project , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  They put together these commissions in response to some crisis . You try a hundred things and hope something works . " As Biden 's gun control task force recommendations land on the desk of President Barack Obama , political experts say it is important that his administration sends a clear signal that it has things in hand . Obama says gun lobby stokes fear of federal action That is especially critical in what will likely be an uphill battle to push specific changes , like an assault weapons ban , as part of a broader effort on gun control . The first move in the image battle will be to appear to move quickly and decisively . "  You have to give the Obama administration credit for one thing : They 've learned from history to do things quickly , " Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics , said of previous task force initiatives that fizzled . In 2010 , Obama appointed a bipartisan commission headed by former Republican Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming and Erskine Bowles , a former Democratic White House chief of staff , to come up with a proposal to balance the budget and cut the debt . Like the gun task force , Simpson-Bowles reviewed current regulations , gathered input from the public and engaged in tense internal conversations . But after months of working on a proposal -- a blend of steep revenue increases and spending cuts -- the group struggled to agree to a solution . The president did not take up the recommendations . Obama largely avoided the issue of gun control during his first term . He wrote an opinion piece two months after the 2011 assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , acknowledging the importance of the Second Amendment right to bear arms . In the piece he also called for a focus on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " Newtown searches for answers a month later But in the aftermath of that shooting and as the election season loomed , the Justice Department backed off from a list of recommendations that included a measure designed to help keep mentally ill people from getting guns . For now , at least , there is a sense in Washington that the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting where 26 people -- 20 of them young children -- were slaughtered could lead to meaningful legislative reform . Public opinion would seem to suggest that the White House efforts are well timed . In the month since the massacre , a new poll showed the percentage of Americans who said they were dissatisfied with America 's gun laws has spiked . The Gallup survey released on Monday showed 38 % of Americans were dissatisfied with current gun regulations , and wanted stricter laws . That represented 13-point jump from one year ago , when 25 % expressed that view . "  You want to strike while the iron is hot , " Sabato said . "  We Americans have short attention spans and , as horrible as the Newtown shooting was , will anyone be surprised if we moved along by spring ? " The White House has since worked overtime to show it considers gun control an urgent matter . The vice president has spent the last week meeting with what the White House calls "  stakeholders " in the gun control debate . On Monday , Biden was to meet with members of a House Democratic task force on guns , along with Attorney General Eric Holder , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , and Kathleen Sebelius , the secretary of Health and Human Services . Universal background check : What does it mean ? In a series of face to face discussions on Thursday , Biden sat down with the National Rifle Association and other gun owners groups before conferring with representatives from the film and television industry . In a sign the White House is prepared to move aggressively on its proposals , Biden made public comments just before meeting with the National Rifle Association , the country 's most powerful gun lobby . "  Putting the vice president in charge of  the task force  and having him meeting with these groups is intended to show seriousness and an effort to reach out and respond to concerns and wishes of various groups , " said Alan Abramowitz , a political science professor at Emory University . Still , the NRA expressed disappointment in its discussion with Biden and later released a statement that accused the administration of mounting "  an agenda to attack the Second Amendment . " Organizations seeking tougher gun control laws insist an assault weapons ban is critical to addressing the nation 's recent rash of mass shootings . However , such a ban could be difficult in a Congress mired in gridlock . "  The bully pulpit is limited . It 's hard for the president to sustain that momentum , " Zelizer said of the White House 's gun control efforts after the Newtown shootings . "  The thing about symbolism is , like the shock over Newtown , they fade quickly . " Newtown opens eyes to other gun violence against young people CNN 's Jim Acosta and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	Gun violence recommendations are expected from Vice President Biden on Tuesday The proposals are expected to contain substantive and symbolic ideas to curb gun violence Presidents use symbolism to shift public opinion or affect larger political or social change
CNN  -- Five Americans arrested this week in Pakistan were "  wholesome , " devout young men who participated in a youth program at a community mosque in suburban Virginia , representatives of the congregation said Friday . "  I have always known these kids as fun-loving , career-focused children that had a bright future for themselves , " said Mustafa Abu Maryam , youth coordinator at the I.C.N.A. Center , an affiliate of the the Islamic Circle of North America , in Alexandria , Virginia . "  As far as I know they were wholesome kids . Very goofy . You know , talked about girls . Very wholesome . " Portraits of Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan , and Ramy Zamzamand -- whom police say were transferred Saturday from the small town where they were seized to a more secure location in Lahore -- are slowly emerging . A sixth man -- the father of one of the five -- also was arrested , police said . Pakistani authorities described the men as college students who "  were of the opinion that a jihad must be waged against the infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world , " a report states . Abu Maryam said members of the community are struggling to come to terms with news of their arrests in Pakistan amid suspicions they were plotting terror attacks and seeking a way to fight American troops abroad . "  I hope all of this is not true . I hope it is not what it seems , " Abu Maryam said . Representatives of the mosque -- a modest , one-story brick house on a residential street -- expressed surprise over the arrests and described the community as a small , tight-knit , patriotic congregation . "  Our youth group has always focused on community service , community involvement and community oriented events . Our main focus is to be a positive force of good in our young men 's lives , Abu Maryam said Next to the mosque is a home surrounded by a tall white fence listed in the name of the mother of Umar Farooq , one of the men arrested . The accounting student at George Mason University was born in 1985 in Sargodha , Pakistan , the city where the five Americans were arrested on Wednesday , according to a report released by Pakistani authorities . His mother said she and her husband were already in Pakistan looking for a wife for their son when she received news that her son was in the country . She said she assumed that he was there to surprise her , but he was arrested before she could meet him . She defended her son 's innocence , insisting that he was in the country to visit her and to look for a wife . Down the street from the mosque is a house listed in the name of A. Minni , a 20-year-old American born in Virginia who is believed to be Ahmed Abdullah Minni , the focus of the Pakistan report . Minni regularly went online to watch attacks on the U.S. military in Afghanistan , leaving comments praising the actions , the report said . That caught the attention of militants and he was eventually contacted by a person named Saifullah , the report said . Without commenting directly on the arrests , Abu Maryam defended the mosque 's activities , saying discussion of jihad had no place in the congregation or the youth program . "  Our group discussions never talked about politics , never talked about fighting against anyone , indirectly or directly . On the contrary , we always promoted being compassionate toward others and good stewards for humanity . " A few blocks south of the mosque is the housing complex where Ramy Zamzam , 22 , rose from humble beginnings to Howard University 's College of Dentistry . On campus , Zamzam was known as a cheerful , engaging student who enthusiastically took part in Muslim student activities . He was a member of several Facebook groups , including the Muslim Doctor Network , Tooth , FASTING MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS and Every Substitute Teacher On Earth Has Butchered My Last Name . News of his arrest set Howard 's campus abuzz with speculation over why the student would leave campus before finals were set to begin . "  If Ramy was not here to take his exams it means he 's throwing away this academic year , " former university chaplain Imam Johari Abdul-Malik said . "  If he does not comes back not only does he risk this year but perhaps he 's thrown away his hopes of having the life , the American dream that his family sacrificed -LSB- for -RSB- . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Members of mosque describe five students as "  wholesome " kids Men arrested include Howard University dental student , George Mason accounting student Pakistani officials : 5 arrested Wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later Pakistani police say men were planning terrorist acts , official says
CNN  -- One of the lesser-known things done by Spain 's pre-Civil War left-wing government during its short rule was to legalize abortion . Banned under Franco , abortion was allowed again in 1985 , and in 2010 legal abortion was extended radically by the left-wing Zapatero government . In recent years , hundreds of thousands of Spaniards have taken to the streets to demand an end to Spain 's laissez-faire abortion culture . The current conservative government is now promoting a bill which restricts -- albeit with significant compromises -- legal abortion . Among protests against the bill , topless activists called "  Femen " threw bloodstained underwear at Madrid 's Cardinal-Archbishop as he visited a Madrid parish . Contrasting view : Spain ` heading for self-made mess ' with abortion ban If , as predicted , the bill is passed , abortion will no longer be regarded in law as a "  right " but as a crime . This classification is not a draconian throwback to a previous age : Today abortion remains part of the criminal law in many Western jurisdictions , even in places with high rates of legally-permitted abortion such as Britain . Two other elements of the proposed Spanish law which mirror the British abortion law relate to doctors : A requirement that two doctors are necessary to authorize an abortion in most cases , and a right of conscientious objection for those doctors who reject abortion . These three elements send a message that abortion is not merely a medical procedure but an act of grave moral significance for all involved : Doctors , mothers and unborn children . There is nothing in international human rights law which denies or downgrades a human being 's right to life based on physical development . If we recognize that unborn children are human beings , then we must recognize that abortion is Spain 's leading cause of death . Even advocates of legal abortion admit that unborn children are human beings . Those advocates , however , draw arbitrary lines on legal personhood and therefore the right to life : some at 12 weeks after conception , some at 24 weeks , some at birth and a few even years after birth . There is , however , no solid foundation for such lines . A human being has at the moment of conception the same genetic identity throughout life . This is why some pro-lifers like myself have reservations about the proposed law . The bill enshrines a compromise without a rational basis . Abortion would still be allowed when doctors diagnose a threat to the mother 's health or when following an allegation that the baby was conceived in a non-consensual act . When a danger is detected to the mother 's health , the correct way for doctors to proceed is to "  kill " the danger , not kill the child . Abortion does n't cure any illnesses or treat any conditions . Just as we do n't kill children after birth if caring for them may involve a danger to the mother 's health , we should n't kill them before birth either . When a woman has been made pregnant through rape , an abortion punishes an innocent person -- the child . It does n't unrape the mother . Studies and surveys suggest that many , if not most , women made pregnant through sexual assault do not choose abortion and are glad they did n't . There is evidence , albeit not yet conclusive , which suggests that legal abortion may pose an additional health risk for women . A recent meta-analysis of 36 studies of Chinese women suggests a link between abortion and breast cancer . The research of New Zealand 's Professor David Fergusson , who supports a legal right to abortion , suggests a significant link between abortion and negative mental health outcomes . Today Spain is an aging nation with one of the world 's lowest birth-rates . Estimates suggest that in a few years deaths  of born people  will outnumber births . The Spanish can not afford to continue to regard children as burdensome optional extras . In the United States , the Hispanic population continues to grow in size and significance . It is an absurd irony that Spain 's native population has been declining just as their ethnic brethren have been advancing in the world 's richest nation . Despite the new bill 's compromises , I welcome its recognition of the equality of disabled human beings through the proposed deletion of disability as a ground for abortion . The revival of eugenics has been one of the most retrograde trends in recent decades , a sinister shadow of those dark pre-1945 years in which science was abused to justify eliminating so-called "  lives unworthy of life . " No unborn child is unworthy of legal protection against abortion : for we were all unborn children once . Read more : 2009 -- Spanish Parliament approves abortion bill The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Ozimic .	Spain 's proposed abortion law would restrict abortion to rape victims or women who would suffer lasting harm Anthony Ozimic says no unborn child is unworthy of legal protection against abortion Having an abortion does not "  unrape " a rape victim , he says , or cure an illness Ozimic says if unborn children are human beings , then abortion is Spain 's leading cause of death
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Britain condemned Iran for allowing protesters to storm its embassy and a separate diplomatic compound in Tehran on Tuesday , warning there will be "  serious consequences " as a result . The incursion happened after about 1,000 people gathered near the embassy to demand that the British ambassador be sent home immediately . The rally began quietly , but some participants then stormed the building , breaking down the door , throwing around papers and replacing the British flag with an Iranian one . A CNN producer saw protesters -- identified as students in state news outlets -- throwing stones at the embassy 's windows . They scuffled with and overwhelmed police at the embassy gate and around the compound . British Prime Minister David Cameron described the incursion as "  outrageous and indefensible " and demanded that Iran immediately ensure the safety of all British Embassy personnel . Iranian security forces are responsible for guarding the embassy under international law , he said . "  The failure of the Iranian government to defend British staff and property was a disgrace , " he said . He called on Iran 's government to guarantee the safety of embassy staff , return property seized in the fracas and prosecute those responsible . "  The Iranian government must recognize that there will be serious consequences for failing to protect our staff , " Cameron said . "  We will consider what these measures should be in the coming days . " By Tuesday evening , the protesters had been cleared from both sites by police , the semi-official Fars news agency reported . Police arrested 12 students as they left the diplomatic compound , called Gholhak Garden , the news agency said . British diplomats and their families and Iranian families who work for the British Embassy live at Gholak Garden , in northern Tehran . Foreign Secretary William Hague said the "  irresponsible action " had put the safety of diplomats and their families at risk and caused extensive damage to embassy property . He had spoken to his Iranian counterpart , Ali Akbar Salehi , Tuesday to "  protest in the strongest terms , " he said . "  While he said that he was sorry for what had happened and that action would be taken in response , this remains a very serious failure by the Iranian government , " Hague said . "  Clearly there will be other , further , and serious consequences . " Hague will address the British Parliament Wednesday , he said . Iran 's Foreign Ministry expressed its regret for the student protest , "  which turned into an out of control demonstration , " in a statement on its website . The ministry said it would "  take action through legal channels " against those who stormed the embassy building . The Foreign Office said it had asked the Iranian charge d'affaires in London "  to urge the Iranian authorities to act with utmost urgency to ensure the situation is brought under control . " It is now advising British nationals in Iran "  to stay indoors , keep a low profile and await further advice . " "  There has been an incursion by a significant number of demonstrators into our embassy premises , including vandalism to our property , " the Foreign Office said earlier . "  We are outraged by this . It is utterly unacceptable and we condemn it . " The U.N. Security Council condemned the incursion "  in the strongest terms " in New York . Its statement called on Iran "  to protect diplomatic and consular property and personnel , and to respect fully their international obligations in this regard . " The White House condemned the incident and "  urged Iran to fully respect its international obligations , to condemn the incident , to prosecute the offenders , and to ensure that no further such incidents take place either at the British Embassy or any other mission in Iran . " "  Our State Department is in close contact with the British government and we stand ready to support our allies at this difficult time , " the White House said . The Russian Foreign Ministry also condemned the protesters ' actions . "  We are expressing our support for the British diplomats . We hope that the Iranian authorities will take necessary measures to immediately restore order , investigate the incident and prevent a repeat of such incidents , " the ministry said in a written statement . The demonstration followed a vote Sunday by the Iranian Parliament to expel the ambassador and reduce diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom in retaliation for newly imposed Western sanctions , according to Iran 's official Islamic Republic News Agency , or IRNA . Alaedi Boroujerd , the member of Parliament who introduced the measure , was quoted by IRNA as saying the students ' protest was "  the crystallization of their pure inner feelings . " "  As declared many times before , because of its behavior , Britain is hated by the Iranian nation throughout history , " he said , according to IRNA . However , he also was quoted as saying Iran respects all international rules and the Vienna Convention , and no country or their embassies should have any further worries , including the British . The British Foreign Office called the Iranian Parliament 's vote Sunday "  regrettable . " "  This unwarranted move will do nothing to help the regime address their growing isolation or international concerns about their nuclear program and human rights record , " the office said in a written statement . "  If the Iranian government acts on this , we will respond robustly in consultation with our international partners . " Britain cut all financial ties with Iran last week over concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , the first time it has cut an entire country 's banking sector off from British finance , the British Treasury announced . All British credit and financial institutions were ordered to end their business relationships and transactions with all Iranian banks , their branches and subsidiaries by Monday . The move came after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about "  the possible military dimensions of Iran 's nuclear program , " the Treasury statement said Monday . "  The IAEA 's report last week provided further credible and detailed evidence about the possible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program , " Hague said in a statement last Monday . "  Today we have responded resolutely by introducing a set of new sanctions that prohibit all business with Iranian banks . " Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " The British sanctions underline "  the severity of the government 's concerns about Iran 's activities , " Britain 's chancellor of the exchequer said . The chancellor 's statement said other "  partner countries " will make similar announcements about banking sanctions against Iran . Iran 's proposal mandates the Foreign Ministry to adopt similar positions against any other countries that impose the same policies as Britain , IRNA reported . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Claudia Rebaza , Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Cameron : The embassy incursion was "  outrageous and indefensible " "  Clearly there will be other , further , and serious consequences , " Hague says The Iranian students have now left the British Embassy compound , local media say Iran 's Foreign Ministry expresses regret for the embassy incursion
MentalFloss.com  -- 1 . The oldest documented bikinis -- haute , bandeau-style little numbers -- show up in a 1,700 year old Roman mosaic entitled Chamber of the Ten Maidens . A bevy of ancient , bikini-clad babes are depicted playing sports . 2 . Earlier this year , Brooklyn-based designer Andrew Schneider invented the first solar powered bikini -- the "  iKini " -- which produces enough electricity to power an iPod during a sunny day at the beach . Just remember to unplug it , the inventor says , before taking a dip . 3 . The famous white belted bikini worn by Ursula Andress in the 1962 James Bond hit "  Dr. No " sold for $ 61,500 at Christie 's in London in 2001 . Halle Barry modeled a redux of a similar suit in the 2002 Bond flick , "  Die Another Day . " 4 . French designer Jacques Heim 's first itsy-bitsy bathing suit hit the fashion scene in 1946 . Tapping into the worldwide obsession with nuclear physics , he named his tiny invention the "  atom . " A few months later , another French designer , Louis Reard , one-upped Heim , revealing an even tinier suit , which he dubbed the "  bikini " after Bikini Atoll , the island in the Pacific where the U.S. had tested the atom bomb . The new swimsuit , it was said , was as small as an atom and just as powerful . 5 . Reard said a two-piece bathing suit could n't be called a bikini "  unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring . " Mental Floss : Waitresses , bridesmaids , compulsory plastic surgery 6 . In 2009 , Americans spent $ 4.3 billion -- roughly $ 400 million more than the GDP of Barbados -- on swimwear alone . 7 . The 19th-century version of a bikini was made out of either heavy flannel or wool -- fabrics that would not be transparent when wet -- and covered the entire body from neck to toe . The suits were so heavy that women had to hold onto ropes strung from the beach to offshore buoys to keep from sinking . 8 . The bikini rocketed to fame in 1960 with Brian Hyland 's hit single , "  Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . " The famous 30 inches of fabric did n't debut on the cover of Sports Illustrated until 1964 . Mental Floss : 25 brand names mistakenly used as generic terms 9 . At the 1964 International Beauty Pageant in Long Beach , California , Miss Austria stormed out of a photoshoot after being told she could not wear her homemade bikini . "  Americans are rude , " she said . "  I 'm tanned all over , so I wanted the suntan to show . " 10 . In 2009 , a group of vegetarian ladies campaigned in international cities wearing bikinis made only of lettuce leaves . The "  Lettuce Ladies " as they were called , were sponsored by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , and hoped to convince people to adopt a meatless diet . Mental Floss : When did women start shaving their armpits ? 11 . In 1993 , the Olympic Committee decreed the bikini the official uniform for women 's beach volleyball , partly because of the functionality of the suit . Athletes complain that when wearing more conventional uniform -- the one-piece , for instance -- "  sand goes down the top and collects in the bottom , " Holly McPeak , a three-time Olympic vollyballer told ABC News . With the bikini 's built-in sand-release system , Reard , it seems , was ahead of his time . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Bikinis first appeared in Roman mosaics , depicted on women playing sports The 19th-century version of a bikini was made out of either heavy flannel or wool Brian Hyland 's 1960 hit single was ode to "  Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini "
CNN  -- Social problems are now so prevalent in South Korea that , for the first time , an insurance company is set to offer cover for the victims of societal "  evils . " Dubbed "  four evils " insurance , the new policy will compensate victims of the four biggest social problems of South Korean society today -- bullying in school , low-quality or "  adulterated " food products , domestic violence and rape -- as defined by the Park Geun-hye government . An independent panel , composed of different interested parties including women 's organizations and advocate groups , has been advising the insurance sector . The country 's second largest non-life insurance company , Hyundai Marine & Fire , is currently ironing out the details of the new policy with the government , and will begin offering the product in March . Rooting out these societal evils has been a key initiative of Park 's administration since the president came into office last year . While local media have reported that the monthly premium will be approximately    10,000  $ 9  to    20,000  $ 19  and there will be a payout limit of    1 million  $ 930  for psychological damage claims , both the company and the Financial Supervisory Service  FSS  said the details are still under negotiation . "  We are not focusing on profit as we develop this new policy , but rather the social aspect of providing help to those who have been unable to receive -LSB- it -RSB- until now , " Hyundai Marine & Life spokesperson Byung-ju Lee told CNN . While the idea was proposed to many insurance companies by the advisory panel , which isl dedicated to the eradication of the "  four evils , " Hyundai is the only one currently developing the product . "  Municipalities would be able to take out insurance on behalf of its citizens , and schools would be able to do so on behalf of students , " FSS non-life insurance division director Yoo Byung-soon told CNN . "  This insurance comes out of voiced needs to rescue those who can not pay for insurance themselves , " said Yoo . Instead of payouts being customized on a case-by-case basis , a predetermined compensation will be given once the insured meet the necessary criteria , as laid out by the company and the government . The new policy will also cover psychological damage to some extent -- a landmark move as insurance coverage for psychological services have been notoriously difficult to obtain in the past , to the point where it is widely believed that seeking psychological help will hurt insurance premiums and have a crippling impact on any future coverage . Rooting out evil Far from being a sales gimmick , the new insurance policy is a studied reflection of the issues facing modern South Korean society . Domestic violence and rape carries a heavy social stigma , and the police and other law authorities are known to pressure women into dropping charges of sexual assault , resulting in only one in ten of cases being reported . Women 's rights advocates say rapists who do get convicted serve little time and can easily avoid their sentences or fines . The Wall Street Journal reported that the number of people charged for sex crimes rose 38 % in 2012 , compared to four years earlier . Last July , Yonhap news agency reported that sexual assault cases had more than doubled within the past decade , but the arrest rate of perpetrators had declined by more than 8 % . Along with stress from school grades , bullying is one of the causes known to contribute to South Korea 's extremely high youth suicide rate . A report last year showed that the number of teen suicides in South Korea had risen 57 % in 2011 compared to 2001 figures . South Korea 's suicide rate among youth increased by 57 % in 2011 , compared to 2001 , and was the biggest cause of death among teenagers in the nation . New policy The new insurance is sure to be watched closely by other companies in addition to watchdogs and researchers . "  If the new policy is successful , out then it will give new business chances to insurance companies as well as benefits to consumers , " Korea Insurance Research Institute vice president Ahn Chul-kyung told CNN . "  I may recommend it to consumers because it covers victims we really worry about , but to businesses , personally I 'd say that in terms of risk management , other insurance companies need to see how it goes . "	Victims of school bullying , rape and other social problems will be covered under new insurance policy Park Geun-hye government focusing on eradicating "  four evils " from Korean society Details are still being ironed out , but the policy will be offered from March
Washington  CNN  -- A day after the head of the General Services Administration resigned because of a procurement scandal at the federal agency , officials vowed Tuesday to implement spending reforms and disciplinary action she announced on the way out the door . A letter Monday from now-former GSA Administrator Martha Johnson agreed with the recommendations of the GSA inspector general in a report that documented massive overspending , questionable expenditures and a cavalier attitude toward procurement rules surrounding a regional training conference held in Las Vegas in 2010 . The inspector general 's report on the GSA "  Western Regions " training conference showed the government spent more than $ 822,000 for the 300 attendees , including $ 75,000 on team-building exercises , $ 6,000 on commemorative coins and $ 6,000 on canteens , keychains and T-shirts . Johnson said the details in the report are "  egregious , " and "  absolutely unacceptable , " and she announced measures that include "  disciplinary action against several senior management officials . " Johnson 's letter to the inspector general did not name names , but a congressional panel late Tuesday said the agency 's Public Buildings Service Commissioner Robert Peck was fired . Before she resigned Monday , Johnson canceled certain GSA regional training conferences in the future , put others under the oversight of different agency officials and announced tighter controls and review over GSA 's procurement and contract spending . U.S. House lawmakers now plan a hearing to review the findings and potentially call for additional steps . Florida Republican Rep. John Mica issued a statement saying "  the tab even included a clown for entertainment . This is just the tip of the iceberg . " Mica is chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , the panel that will hold a hearing on the matter within weeks . The misconduct allegedly started during planning for the Las Vegas event about two years ago . After Johnson 's resignation Monday , the administration named as acting administrator Dan Tangherlini , who was brought over from the U.S. Treasury Department . Tangherlini said in a letter of introduction to GSA employees that the agency was taking some immediate action "  to ensure that our customers maintain their faith in our services . " Those measure include a review of planned conferences and meetings that involve travel or substantial expenditures of public funds and the cancellation of a number of conferences that only or primarily involved staff , he said in the letter . Tangherlini also the agency would evaluate its conference and travel policy and business justification . Among the items cited in the inspector general 's report was a $ 12,000 finder 's fee paid to an outside company to book the "  M Resort " complex and hotel for the convention , despite the fact the GSA has event planners on staff who are supposed to do that on the agency 's behalf . Then there was the food bill . The inspector general 's report hit GSA for catering events portrayed as "  awards " ceremonies , apparently as a pretext to having the expense covered . The "  awards " were for entertainment , in what the investigation said was a talent show among participants . In its findings , the report said : "  The proper purpose of an awards ceremony is to give out awards recognizing significant contributions to the efficiency and effectiveness of government operations , rather than holding an event and giving out awards as an ancillary purpose to justify food . " The investigation was prompted by a GSA deputy administrator , according to the report , who asked for a probe of "  employee misconduct " and questionable spending on activity surrounding the Western Regions conference held at a resort hotel in October , 2010 . GSA employs nearly 13,000 people across the country , and is the federal agency that buys and manages goods and services for the government ranging from envelopes to real estate and office buildings . As staffers got word of the 16-page report , reaction Tuesday was described as grim . GSA press secretary Gregory Mecher told CNN , "  I think there 's a general feeling of being disturbed , and that people are appalled by the report . " Also Tuesday , the watchdog group Common Cause called the report "  mind-boggling , " and praised the GSA official who came forward to make the allegations . In a statement obtained by CNN , Common Cause president Bob Edgar said , "  Every federal employee should be looking at every expenditure with a critical eye and asking : ` Is this necessary ? Does it serve the public interest ? ' " Another group , Public Notice , which urges a policy of fiscal restraint , issued a statement Tuesday that said "  GSA 's boondoggle is a small symptom of a much larger problem " of government overspending . Executive Director Gretchen Hamel called on congressional lawmakers to cross party lines , negotiate and craft a sustainable federal budget .	NEW : Acting GSA head promises immediate action to maintain "  faith in our services " GSA head Martha Johnson resigned Monday over agency spending A government report cited GSA 's spending $ 822,000 on a training conference A House panel plans hearings ; its chairman says , "  This is just the tip of the iceberg "
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A court in Dubai has sentenced two Britons to three months in prison for having sex on a public beach in the Muslim country . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . After they complete their sentence , the pair will be deported . They also have to pay a 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  fine for public indecency . Police charged Michelle Palmer , 36 , and Vincent Acors , 34 , with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication after their arrest at a beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Both denied that they had intercourse . "  The public  prosecutor  failed to produce corroborative evidence against my clients concerning having consensual sex and committing indecent gestures in public , " said the pair 's lawyer , Hasan Mattar . He said the pair will appeal the verdict . Watch how case stirs up Dubai 's bar scene " The United Arab Emirates  UAE  -- where Dubai is located -- is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich Gulf kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world . -- CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	The two Britons will be deported after they complete their sentence The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
CNN  -- Russian football has been blighted by a series of high-profile incidents of racial abuse in recent times , an issue the country 's soccer administrators are eager to address ahead of the FIFA World Cup arriving in 2018 . Global attention was drawn to the issue when veteran Anzhi Makhachkala full-back Roberto Carlos , a World Cup winner with Brazil in 2002 , was subjected to abuse by both Zenit St. Petersburg and Krylya Sovetov fans . As a result of the abuse , which included the former Real Madrid star having a banana thrown at him , both clubs were fined $ 10,000 . And racism in the Russian Premier League has been brought back into focus by events on Sunday , when Carlos ' Congolese teammate Christopher Samba was subjected to the same form of abuse . Samba , who moved to Anzhi from English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers last month , had a banana thrown at him from the VIP box of Lokomotiv Moscow 's Lokomotiv Stadium . "  We are deeply disappointed with the idiotic episode that happened to our player Christopher Samba after the match at Lokomotiv , " read a statement from the Dagestan-based team . "  We are assured that the representatives of the football authorities , the security service of Lokomotiv , will settle this issue and the guilty will be identified and punished . " An investigation into the incident was launched on Tuesday and the Russian Football Union  RFU  have now gone one step further by launching a dedicated anti-racism taskforce . "  The RFU 's ethics committee has decided to create a special working group made up of members of the committee , " the organization said on its website . The group will be tasked with battling "  racism , xenophobia and extremism . " France-born defender Samba was upset by the incident and slammed the action as a poor example to young fans . "  I ` m very upset that such misconduct took place in view of children who were sitting in those very stands . It can serve as a bad example for them . "  I try not to think about racism . I just want to believe that such problems do not exist on a global basis . Maybe I am mistaken but I do want to believe in it . "  As a rule any scandal of this kind is a result of a misconduct committed by one silly person . I do n`t want to react to this . " The Russian Premier League vowed to hunt down the fan who had hurled the banana at the 27-year-old . "  Our aim is to find the man who threw banana at Samba , " the league 's security Alexander Meitin was reported to have said by AFP .	Russian Football Union to launch a group aimed at tackling racism in the sport Anzhi Makhachkala defender Christopher Samba had a banana throw at him on Sunday Anzhi 's Roberto Carlos also had a banana thrown at him while playing for the club Russia are to host the FIFA World Cup finals for the first time in 2018
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A group of 60 interfaith leaders in California called for Americans "  to rise above the rancorous shouting match " as they spoke out Friday in favor of a controversial Islamic center near "  ground zero " in New York . They called for understanding and tolerance and said religious freedom , one of America 's most cherished values , is at stake in the controversy that has gathered steam in the past few weeks . "  Such intolerance , in this country of all places , breaks my heart and I believe it breaks the heart of God , " said the Rev. Anne Felton Hines of the Unitarian Universalist Church . She joined voices with Roman Catholics , Jews , Seventh Day Adventists , Muslims and leaders of other faiths at a news conference held at the Islamic Center of Southern California . Among them was Maher Hathout , chairman of the Islamic Shura Council of Southern California . "  I 'd like to emphasize this is not an issue for the Muslims , " Hathout said . "  It is an issue for Americans who want America to be the way it was dreamed by its founders . " The New York Islamic center 's leaders say they plan to build the $ 100 million , 13-story facility called Park51 -- formerly known as Cordoba House -- on property it already owns two blocks from the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks on the World Trade Center . Developer Sharif El-Gamal describes the project as an "  Islamic community center " that would include a 500-seat performing arts center , a lecture hall , a swimming pool , a gym , a culinary school , a restaurant and a prayer space for Muslims . But some New Yorkers oppose the project , saying that an Islamic center near the site of the attack by Islamic extremists that killed more than 2,700 people is a painful affront . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released August 11 showed nationwide opposition to the proposed facility at 68 percent . The controversy swirling around the proposed center has pitted survivors and families of September 11 victims against each other . Current New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is for it , but a past mayor , Rudy Giuliani is against . Radio talk shows are abuzz with the topic and blogs have been filled with venomous comments about Muslims . A new Time magazine cover story on the topic highlights how the controversy has brought new scrutiny to other examples of anti-Muslim protests happening around the country . It also discusses a new poll that shows that a growing number of Americans believe President Barack Obama is Muslim . The poll was taken before Obama voiced support for the Islamic center . "  The rhetoric against Muslim Americans -- namely , that they are a suspect community , or worse , enemies of the state ; their religion is uncivilized and anti-American ; they are deceitful ; and they aim to destroy our culture and our constitution -- are replicas of attacks against other religious minorities in the past as well as current attacks against ethnic and racial minorities , " the interfaith coalition said Friday . "  We Americans , whether Muslim or Christian , whether Jew or Hindu , whether of faith or no faith , were all attacked on 9/11 by terrorists who can only be described as criminals , " it said . "  We oppose the exploitation of the pain and suffering of 9/11 by political opportunists . They only divide our country and undermine the principles of pluralism , religious freedom , and security by fostering hate based on fear . "	A group of Christian , Jewish and Muslim leaders urge Americans to rise above the shouting match This "  breaks the heart of God , " says a Unitarian Universalist minister Opponents say the new center is an affront to the victims of 9/11 Nationwide opposition to the proposed New York Islamic center is 68 percent
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Shootouts between drug suspects and the military in the Mexican northeastern border state of Tamaulipas have left seven dead and 11 wounded , the government reported . One of the dead and the 11 wounded were Mexican military who were ambushed while on patrol late Thursday night in the cities of Miguel Aleman , Mier and Valadeces , the Notimex news agency reported , citing the nation 's National Defense Department . The cities are along the U.S. border , near McAllen , Texas . The cities also are near Reynosa , Mexico , where the United States closed its consulate Thursday because of recent increased drug violence . The U.S. Consulate also issued a warning "  to advise U.S. citizens of recent gun battles in Reynosa , Mexico , and cities surrounding Reynosa in the last week . " Thursday night 's firefights were the latest in a string of confrontations that some residents say have been going on for at least 10 days . Earlier this week , local news reports said , gunmen in as many as 20 vehicles clashed with members of the Mexican military and municipal police in Ciudad Mier , just west of Reynosa . The daytime gun battle Tuesday reportedly resulted in the abduction of 10 municipal police officers . Video from the scene showed abandoned police sport utility vehicles with bullet holes and broken windows . Shattered glass covered the street against a backdrop of palm trees . A damaged red truck with the insignia CDG -- the Spanish acronym for the Gulf Cartel -- was shown being towed from the shooting scene . In Reynosa , residents told CNN on Thursday that banners purportedly placed throughout the city by the rival Los Zetas drug cartel announced there would be a gunfight at 8 p.m. Residents reported hearing gunshots as early as 7:30 p.m. . After Thursday night 's gunfire , officials say they confiscated 14 vehicles , 29 firearms , 10 hand grenades and more than 1,700 rounds of ammunition of various caliber . On a tour of the border cities , Tamaulipas Gov. Eugenio Hernandez Flores sought to reassure residents that the government is committed to controlling the mayhem . Violence throughout Mexico has exploded since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after assuming office in December 2006 . More than 16,000 people have been killed in drug violence since then . Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , is the most violent city in Mexico and one of the deadliest on earth . The rival Juarez and Sinaloa cartels are fighting for control of the lucrative drug routes into the United States as well street sales within Ciudad Juarez . The cartels also are fighting the Mexican army and federal , state and local police . Mexican officials point out that most of the deaths involve criminals ; few civilians have been killed . In Juarez earlier this month , however , 10 teenagers and five other people were gunned down at a party . Officials said the gunmen belonged to the Juarez cartel and mistakenly believed the partygoers were members of a gang affiliated with the Sinaloa cartel . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefights have been going on for 10 days , residents say One Mexico soldier among the dead Drug suspects ambushed military patrol U.S. closed nearby consulate on Thursday
CNN  -- Recent developments off the coast of Sweden raise many questions , and we do not as yet have answers . Last week , Swedish media reported that the country 's military was searching for an underwater vessel , possibly a Russian submarine , after an emergency radio transmission allegedly made in Russian  although Russia has denied it has any vessels in Swedish waters  . Now , as the Swedish Navy continues to search for the unidentified undersea vessel that may have penetrated the country 's territorial waters , it 's worth keeping in mind some key facts to help place the issue in perspective . For a start , anti-submarine warfare is complex and very difficult to execute properly . Especially in the close confines of territorial waters , the advantages tend to accrue to the submarine . The rocky floor of an inland sea like the Baltic can mask acoustic signatures that give watching ships , helicopters and maritime patrol aircraft the ability to track and identify a subsurface contact . Second , this is happening against the backdrop of the Swedish Navy and Air Force having suffered significant budget cuts over the past decades . As a general proposition , the Swedes have a capable and professional force . But since the end of the Cold War , they have not invested heavily in anti-submarine warfare capability . They are not alone in this regard -- many of the other European nations have likewise cut back in this area given a sense that anti-submarine warfare was something they would have needed against the USSR during the Cold War but less so during pre-Ukrainian crisis days with Russia . And although Sweden is not a NATO member , meaning this operation is a national effort , it is a very strong partner to NATO and has been involved deeply in positive ways in Afghanistan , the Balkans , Libya and other operations . Yet the fact remains that there is no treaty obligation on the part of NATO to be involved . If the Swedes ask for help , it is likely that NATO would respond , but to date they have not done so . Ultimately , though , we may never know exactly what has happened . It is entirely possible that a Russian submarine was performing an intelligence-gathering operation , and that it had a period of distress that alerted Swedish authorities to its presence . It may have sorted out its challenges and slipped away . Or it may be still operating in close while Russia sorts out a plan of action . The most recent volley from Russia , that it might be a Dutch submarine , seems highly unlikely . If it was any other nation 's boat , they would have likely worked with the Swedes immediately if their vessel was in distress . The Swedes , who are capable and professional , seem insistent on their concern about an unknown undersea vessel . And the reality is that they have no reason to make any of this up , instead forthrightly reporting what they are seeing . With this in mind , NATO should offer to assist with other assets and help sort out the situation , especially if there is any possibility of a vessel in distress -- no matter what the circumstances of its presence in the Baltic .	James Stavridis : Swedish media reported undersea vessel , possibly Russian , off coast Russia denies this , he says . Swedish Navy searching , but rocky coast floor can hide signals He says Sweden not NATO member , but may seek help . Navy , Air Force had budget cuts Stavridis : NATO should offer to assist , especially if it turns out a vessel is in distress
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Suraya Pakzad still receives death threats for teaching women how to read and write in Taliban-controlled parts of Afghanistan . Suraya Pakzad tells CNN any deal between the U.S. and Taliban moderates should consider women 's concerns . " -LSB- When -RSB- I go to the office I do n't use the same way ... every day , " she told CNN 's Carol Costello . "  I can not share my schedule even with my friends , with my staff and even sometimes I 'm not secure talking on phone . " Pakzad is one of several Afghan women 's rights advocates who are in the U.S. capital this week to address a move the Obama administration is considering : reaching out to Taliban moderates in an effort to bring peace to Afghanistan . She took part in a hearing on Capitol Hill -- sponsored by Sens. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , and Richard Lugar , R-Indiana -- titled "  Women Shaping Afghanistan 's Future . " Last weekend , President Obama told The New York Times that he is willing to talk to some members of the Taliban . Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday that he agreed with a recent assessment by Special Envoy Richard Holbrooke that only about 5 percent of the Taliban is "  incorrigible , not susceptible to anything other than being defeated . " "  It is worth engaging and determining whether or not there are those -LSB- in the Taliban -RSB- who are willing to participate in a secure and stable Afghan state , " he said . But Pakzad wants U.S. lawmakers to put women 's rights at the forefront of any deal with Taliban moderates . She warned that the negotiations described by Obama and Biden could threaten the hard-won gains in women 's rights in Afghanistan over the past seven years . "  It makes me scared and everybody has the fear that one day -LSB- the Taliban -RSB- will be back again , " Pakzad said . Watch Pakzad describe what females face in Afghanistan " Pakzad , a mother of six , founded a secret organization in 1988 to provide Afghan women with shelter from domestic violence and to teach them to read . The Taliban advocate a strict interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia , that denies women basic rights , including an education . When the Taliban were driven from power in 2001 , Pakzad 's Voice of Women Organization emerged from secrecy to expand its efforts to give women rights in the home , schools , the workplace , and the legislature . She was recognized for her efforts last year when she was awarded the 2008 International Women of Courage Award . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will bestow the honor on eight other women on Wednesday , including Wazhma Frogh , an Afghan woman who heads Global Rights , which fights against domestic violence , marital and child rape , and sexual abuse in Afghanistan . By one measure , Pakzad and other women 's rights groups have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams : The government in Kabul says 2 million girls now attend school in Afghanistan . But even now , women are still targets of domestic violence , and Afghan girls have been attacked for attending school . During her confirmation hearings , Clinton condemned one brutal attack in which men on motorcycles threw acid on two schoolgirls in November . "  This is not culture , " Clinton said . "  This is not custom . This is criminal . " Pakzad expresses hope that Clinton and other members of the Obama administration will raise those concerns when moving forward with any policy of negotiating with the Taliban . She said she hopes that one day , Afghan women will secure the same rights that American women have achieved . "  My hope for my daughters , for the next generation ... is that they should enjoy their freedom , " she said . " -LSB- I -RSB- hope they have a country free of inequality , free of violence against women , and hopefully they will get that opportunity . " CNN 's Bob Ruff contributed to this report .	Suraya Pakzad and other Afghan women 's rights advocates visit Washington They 're urging the U.S. to be careful in making any deal with Taliban moderates Pakzad says a U.S.-Taliban deal could threaten Afghan women 's hard-won rights "  It makes me scared " that Taliban might regain strength , Pakzad says
CNN  -- Five , maybe 10 minutes was all it took . Shortly before midnight Monday , three inmates at the Butler County , Missouri , jail -- two of them accused killers -- slipped into a shower stall , through a shifted ceiling tile and eventually outside to the rural Ozark Foothills region of southeast Missouri . "  There are some things that you have to scratch your head about in the  jail 's  design and construction , " Butler County Sheriff Mark Dobbs said . "  And there 's also the  fact there  are two people watching 95 inmates . " The men -- Joe Green , jailed on numerous assault charges , as well as accused killers Matthew Brandon Cook and Kade Reaves Stringfellow -- remained at large until Tuesday afternoon . Around 3:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  , they were found hiding in a vehicle in a salvage yard about five miles east of Poplar Bluff , said Trooper Clark Parrott of the Missouri Highway Patrol . Video later showed all three men being taken out of police cars and led back into the jail . "  It 's been a very long night and a very long day , " Dobbs told reporters after the men 's capture . The part of the shower stall where the men escaped was out of sight of cameras , as well as the two guards , according to the sheriff . He noted that there was n't any noise to indicate anything was awry . The inmates crawled up through about a 10-inch by 10-inch hole above the ductwork , before eventually making their way outside -- an escape made easier because the walls "  did n't extend completely up to the concrete ceiling , " Dobbs said . "  They were in and out in what we feel like was a relatively short amount of time , " he said . Numerous law enforcement agencies -- from as far away as Little Rock , Arkansas , as well as helicopters from the Missouri Highway Patrol -- assisted in the search for the three men . The inmates traveled together alongside a flat , exposed and elevated railroad track , Dobbs said , pointing to an analysis of their tracks and preliminary interviews with the men . They were wearing bright orange jumpsuits . The fact they were so visible , especially in broad daylight and in an area where many citizens own guns , appeared to weigh on the three men 's minds , Dobbs said . " ` If I 'd have been a citizen , I 'd have shot me , too , ' " one of the escapees said , according to Dobbs . "  You 're down in southeast Missouri , the gun belt , and people will protect themselves . " A tracking dog eventually led authorities to the salvage yard in a rural part of Butler County . The sheriff said he still believes the inmates intended to leave the area , but a combination of factors -- including the fact they were exposed and a large law enforcement team looking for them -- contributed to their capture . "  Luck was on our side this time , as well as a lot of good teamwork , " Dobbs said .	NEW : One inmate feared he 'd be shot by residents , a local sheriff says 2 accused murderers and 1 other escape from a southeastern Missouri jail They get out through a ceiling in a shower stall out of sight of cameras , guards They were found hiding in a vehicle in a salvage yard , a state trooper says
CNN  -- Marvel is the gift that just keeps on giving . Fresh on the heels of the announcement that Benedict Cumberbatch has been officially cast as Doctor Strange , there is news that Mike Colter will portray Luke Cage in the Netflix series "  Marvel 's A.K.A. Jessica Jones . " Colter , best known for starring in the Xbox original series "  Halo : Nightfall " and appearances on "  The Good Wife " and "  American Horror Story : Coven , " will join actress Krysten Ritter , who will play Jessica Jones . The fictional character of Cage first appeared in the Marvel comics and is a superhero also known as "  Power Man . " According to Marvel.com : "  After a tragic ending to her short-lived super hero stint , Jessica Jones is rebuilding her personal life and career as a detective who gets pulled into cases involving people with extraordinary abilities in New York City . " "  Fans have longed to see Luke Cage and in Mike we 've found the perfect actor , " Jeph Loeb , executive producer and Marvel 's head of television , is quoted as saying on the site . "  Viewers will get to meet Luke Cage in ` Marvel 's A.K.A. Jessica Jones , ' and experience why he is such an important super hero in the Marvel mythos . " Meanwhile , "  Doctor Strange " director Scott Derrickson teased fans of that film by tweeting an image of Cumberbatch as the character with the Talking Heads lyric "  Strange but not a stranger . " The Netflix series "  Marvel 's A.K.A. Jessica Jones " is set to premiere in 2015 .	Mike Coulter is best known for "  Halo : Nightfall " He will star in "  Marvel 's A.K.A. Jessica Jones " Krysten Ritter will play Jessica Jones
CNN  -- President Obama 's remarks Monday on Hurricane Sandy were in some ways the most significant of his presidency . They were , at their core , about the role of government -- all governments -- and the responsibility of citizens to take care of themselves and each other when times are tough . By embracing self-reliance and resiliency -- "  take care of yourselves " and "  we will get through this " were themes -- Obama did more to defend and explain the role of government than any presidential debate ever could . The message was political , but not in the partisan sense . It was more akin to the debates at America 's founding on the role of government , and included an appropriate sense of tough love . It was a statement to the nation that reality is sometimes cruel and challenging . It was not filled with a "  We got this " bravado . It would have been a lie for Obama to say so ; as he noted , this is a massive storm , and -- by meteorologists ' accounts -- of a different nature from what responders have seen before . He did not promise instantaneous response , explaining that first responders and utility company workers should not put themselves at risk until conditions are safer . Nor did he claim that all would be back to normal immediately . Politics : Looking presidential -- The optics of leadership during a disaster That messaging was not an accident , nor was it partisan . In the statements from the White House to statehouses both Republican and Democratic , there 's a hint that Sandy may help engender a new discussion about our resiliency . The measure of our success has as much to do with our initial response to a crisis as it does with restoring the mechanisms that support our commerce and transportation and all other aspects of our infrastructure . The value of a stronger infrastructure is not just that it does n't fall apart when the winds howl , but that if operations are interrupted , it gets running again as soon as possible . It is not too early to think about Hurricane Sandy as a key point in policy discussions about our aging infrastructure and our lack of commitment to it . For the last several years , infrastructure enhancements have often been tied to the economic debate . The stimulus package had a dual purpose : Get roads fixed , bridges modernized , transportation systems upgraded , and all while putting people back to work . It was an important effort , but its public message referred primarily to jobs and the economy , not public safety . That we have to hunker down for the next few days is a basic -- and correct -- safety response to the wrath of such a storm . But Obama also noted an obvious fact : Our ability to bounce back -- to get the power lines restored , the transportation systems running -- is no small feat . When a storm puts 60 million people in danger , sends tens of thousands across the Eastern seaboard fleeing to the high ground to escape a surge made more threatening by a century of rising sea level ; when it essentially shuts down New York City , bringing the transportation system to a halt and even shutting down the stock exchange -- it is not just a matter of safety in this storm . When we talk about upgrading and improving our infrastructure , we are talking about maintaining our resiliency as nature serves up ever more complicated , unpredictable weather in our new era of climate change . Politics : 5 things to watch in hurricane-wracked campaign How to do this ? There are plenty of solutions , many with bipartisan support . One involves creating an infrastructure bank , where the private sector directly invests in infrastructure projects , as is the case in many countries , with the promise that toll fees will bring in the financial gains . Architects embrace a concept of resilient design : For example , a new bridge across San Francisco Bay will sway with an earthquake rather than resist it . Public policy planners from New York City to New Orleans are grappling with how to make investments and drive activity , even as big weather puts much of the last century 's infrastructure at risk , and sometimes under water . Electric companies that have fought government requirements to submerge power lines will face criticism about why so many lines are vulnerable . If storms like Sandy are likely in the future , we will begin to see a move toward a more resilient infrastructure , starting with projects that are already under way . Local and state governments are likely to require that primary power cables are underground and protected . Design competitions are just beginning to make resiliency a priority for public projects . Anticipate much more of this in the future ; and , after the election , expect the infrastructure bank idea to gain momentum as legislators recognize that it might be better for the private sector to pay for projects that benefit their communities . Shutting down , as we all are doing this week , makes sense . But afterward , the real focus has to be on getting better at starting back up . No nation is immune to harm , but prepared nations are quicker at getting back to normal . Sandy has caused a lot of damage and suffering , but there are many emergency managers , architects , city planners and politicians who hope that it may also refocus a political effort to invest and upgrade . It is good for the economy , yes , but more important , it is good for our safety . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Juliette Kayyem .	Juliette Kayyem : Obama pointed out roles of self-reliance and government in crisis Kayyem : Success in dealing with emergency is measured in what we do after We need to improve our ability to get the power restored , transportation running , she says Kayyem : We need commitment from private sector , creative efforts to improve infrastructure
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Worldwide tributes for U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy , who has died after a long battle with brain cancer , poured in Wednesday , led by politicians hailing his role in securing a lasting peace in Northern Ireland . Senator Edward Kennedy , right , pictured with Northern Irish politician Gerry Adams in 1996 Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , whose administration presided over the 1998 Good Friday Agreement which led to an end to decades of sectarian violence in the province and established a united ruling Assembly , praised Kennedy 's commitment to the process . "  I saw his focus and determination first hand in Northern Ireland where his passionate commitment was matched with a practical understanding of what needed to be done to bring about peace and to sustain it , " Blair said . Kennedy , of Irish Catholic ancestry , was initially an outspoken opponent of British military deployment to the province during the violence of the 1970s and 80s in which more than 3,600 people were killed , but later moderated his views to support negotiations that brought all sides to the table . The senator is credited with getting an American visa for Gerry Adams -- leader of the pro-Irish nationalism Sinn Fein party accused of links to Irish Republican Army militants -- allowing him to attend a pivotal U.S. conference on Northern Ireland 's future . Sound off : Your reactions to Sen. Kennedy 's death Kennedy was awarded an honorary knighthood in March 2009 , for his contribution to Northern Irish peace , which included a landmark speech in the province in 1998 urging mainly pro-British Protestants and mainly pro-Irish Catholics to work together . Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen described Kennedy "  a great friend of Ireland . " "  He has used his considerable influence in the world 's most powerful parliament for the betterment of this island , " he said . "  In good days and bad , Ted Kennedy worked valiantly for the cause of peace on this island . He played a particularly important role in the formative days of the Northern Ireland peace process in the early to mid-1990s . " iReport.com : Share your tributes Irish President Mary McAleese added : "  He will be remembered here in Ireland as a hugely important friend to this country during the very difficult times . "  His death will be greeted with a great sense of sadness here because of his long-standing affection for this country , not just with the peace process , but on many other issues , including emigration , " McAleese said . "  His outstanding and remarkable personal contribution was made , despite the sacrifice and sorrow that was part of the overall contribution of the entire Kennedy family . " Sinn Fein president Adams greeted Kennedy 's death with great sadness , according to the UK Press Asscociation . "  He has served the American people with courage and commitment for nearly 50 years . His service to Ireland through his role in the peace process was exceptional and contributed significantly to its progress . " Irish former policitician John Hume , a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in ending Northern Irish violence , described Kennedy as a close personal friend who took the Northern Ireland issue onto the world state . "  Ted Kennedy was at the forefront of persuading the British government to talk to the Irish government , " he told CNN . Shaun Woodward , the British government 's Northern Ireland minister , said he was "  deeply saddened " to hear of Kennedy 's death . "  Ted Kennedy was a true and constant friend of the peace process in Northern Ireland whose huge influence in engaging the United States in that process can not be over estimated , " he said . "  In every sense he was an immense figure whose part in transforming Northern Ireland will be a lasting memorial . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown paid tribute to Kennedy 's achievements on the wider world stage , describing him as the "  senator of senators . " "  He led the world in championing children 's education and health care , and believed that every single child should have the chance to realize their potential to the full , " Brown said . "  Even facing illness and death he never stopped fighting for the causes which were his life 's work . I am proud to have counted him as a friend and proud that the United Kingdom recognized his service earlier this year with the award of an honorary knighthood . " In Israel , Foreign Minister Avigdor Leiberman hailed Kennedy as a "  great friend of Israel and the Jewish people a defender of human rights and member of a family that through the years at the Senate was always at the side of Israel , in bad times and good and contributed to the deep and special relationship between Israel and the United States . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel described Kennedy as a "  towering figure in U.S. politics . " "  His battle for justice and equality was defined by persistence and resoluteness . In Senator Kennedy both Germany and Europe have lost a great and dear friend , " she said . Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd described Kennedy as a "  great American , a great Democrat and also a great friend of Australia . " "  He has made an extraordinary contribution to American politics , an extraordinary contribution to America 's role in the world , " Rudd said in a statement , according to Agence France-Presse .	Sen. Edward Kennedy praised as influential in Northern Ireland peace process Former UK prime minister Tony Blair says Kennedy "  committed " to peace Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen : Kennedy "  a great friend of Ireland "
U.S. President Barack Obama spoke by telephone Friday with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani -- the first direct conversation between leaders in Washington and Tehran since 1979 -- raising the possibility a deal can be reached over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Describing the conversation as a starting point , Obama said he believes an agreement is possible regarding Iran 's nuclear ambitions that could lead to better relations . "  While there will surely be important obstacles to moving forward and success is by no means guaranteed , I believe we can reach a comprehensive solution , " Obama told reporters during a White House briefing . Western leaders have expressed cautious optimism about Iran 's more moderate tone under Rouhani , whose recent comments have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . Obama said he reiterated to Rouhani statements he made earlier in the week during the United Nations General Assembly , where he signaled the United States was open to negotiations with Iran provided real action is taken . Report : Shoe thrown at Rouhani "  So the test will be meaningful , transparent , and verifiable actions , which can also bring relief from the comprehensive international sanctions that are currently in place , " he said Friday . The conversation between the two men came at the end of the General Assembly , where conjecture abounded over whether Obama and Rouhani would meet in person and what that might mean for U.S.-Iranian relations . Rouhani told reporters Friday that there was n't enough time to plan such a face-to-face meeting . The last time a U.S. president spoke with an Iranian leader was in 1979 , when Jimmy Carter talked by telephone with Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi before Pahlavi was overthrown . National Security Advisor Susan Rice told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that the administration was contacted by the Iranian delegation . "  Today , somewhat surprisingly , we were contacted by them to say that President Rouhani would like to speak to President Obama on the telephone on his way out of town , and we were able to make that call come together and it was a constructive conversation , " she said . The call lasted about 15 minutes , with translation , Rice said . Rice characterized the call as "  cordial and constructive . " 2,700-year-old Persian artifact heads back to Iran The news of the conversation played out on Twitter in posts by Rouhani , who recounted his conversation with Obama just minutes before the American president spoke with reporters at a White House briefing . A senior Obama administration official said Rouhani 's tweets reflected the tone of the telepone conversation between the two leaders . "  We 'll continue to watch his Twitter feed , " the official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said . According to Rouhani 's posts , Obama told the Iranian president that he was "  convinced relations between Iran and US will greatly affect the region . " " @BarackObama to @HassanRouhani If we can make progress on #nuclear file , other issues such as #Syria will certainly be positively affected , " the president said in a follow-up message . Rouhani responded , according to his tweet : "  In regards to #nuclear issue , with political #will , there is a way to rapidly solve the matter . " Opinion : Why Rouhani deserves praise He also told Obama , according to his Twitter post , he was hopeful about upcoming meetings on the issue between representatives of Iran and the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the U.S. , China , Russia , Britain and France -- as well as Germany . " @HassanRouhani to @BarackObama : I express my gratitude for your #hospitality and your phone call . Have a good day Mr President , " Rouhani said in post on Twitter . Earlier , Rouhani told reporters he was heartened by Thursday 's meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif as part of a meeting between Iran and the six countries trying to tackle international concerns about Iran 's nuclear program . It was the first face-to-face meeting between such high-level officials of the two countries in more than 30 years . Obama and Rouhani both indicated that the talks between Kerry and Zarif will continue at the so-called P5 +1 meeting , which brings together representatives of the five permanent member states of the United Nations and Germany with emissaries from Iran over Tehran 's nuclear program . U.S. official : Obama , Rouhani discussed fate of three Americans "  Throughout this process , we will stay in close touch with our friends and allies in the region , including Israel , " Obama told reporters , acknowledging concerns such talks are likely to raise with Israeli leaders . Obama acknowledged that after 35 years of mistrust , "  a path to a meaningful agreement will be difficult and at this point both sides have significant concerns that will have to be overcome . " "  But I believe we have a responsibility to pursue diplomacy , and that we have a unique opportunity to make progress with the new leadership in Tehran , " he said . Western leaders have said Iran seems to sound different under the leadership of Rouhani , who replaced Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president this summer . On Friday , it was Rouhani 's turn to return the compliment , saying European Union officials and Obama sound "  different compared to the past . " Rouhani told reporters Friday his election helped pave the way for better relations between the Iran and the West , which has imposed heavy sanctions on the country . He also said Iran wants quick resolution to the nuclear issue . Western leaders believe the country 's nuclear program is designed to produce weapons . Iranian leaders have said it is purely peaceful . "  I assure you that on the Iranian side , this will is there fully , 100 % , that within a very short period of time , there will be a settlement on the nuclear issue , " he told reporters .	The call lasted 15 minutes , Susan Rice tells CNN She characterized it as "  cordial and constructive " Rouhani 's tweets reflected tone of conversation , White House official says Rouhani tweets the conversation about nuclear negotiations
CNN  -- It may have made the biggest splash , with the usual tech-world buzz that arises around any Apple product announcement . But the iPad Air was n't the only new tablet rolled out on Tuesday . Both Microsoft and Nokia unveiled entries they hope will compete with Apple , Amazon 's Kindle Fires , Google 's Nexus tablets and a slew of other tabs running Google 's Android operating system . Nokia 's first full-size tablet , the Lumia 2520 , has a 10-inch display screen and runs a version of the the Windows 8 operating system . It sells for $ 499 , with 4G LTE and a 6.7-megapixel back-facing camera . It was introduced Tuesday , the same day Microsoft rolled out its next generation of tablet-laptop hybrids for sale . The Surface 2 starts at $ 449 for a 32GB model . It 's thinner and more powerful than its predecessor and drops the confusing "  RT " from the end of its name . The souped-up Surface Pro 2 starts at $ 899 and runs all the way up to a whopping 512GB version  for $ 1,799  that puts that model closer to the laptop end of the spectrum . That 's just two more names jumping into the tablet fray as the holiday shopping season approaches . On Tuesday , Apple CEO Tim Cook said that iPads account for 81 % of all the world 's tablet usage , suggesting sales and customer satisfaction combine to make it the hands-down leader in the field . That may well be true . It 's certainly hard to argue with the 170 million sales figure Cook announced for all iPads since they were introduced in 2010 . But just two years ago , that usage number would have been closer to 100 % , meaning the rest of the field has started chipping away at Apple 's lead . Samsung 's Galaxy Tabs , in 10-and-7-inch varieties , have made a relatively strong run and Google 's Nexus 7 has gotten almost unanimously positive reviews , with some critics declaring it superior to Apple 's smaller iPad Mini . All of which is to say that , when holiday shoppers are looking to shell out cash for a tablet this year , they 'll have more options than ever . In the gallery above , we take a closer look at some of the top tablets on the market , as well as some of their newest competitors .	iPad Air is n't the only new tablet hitting the market this week Apple still leads the field , but competitors are chipping away Microsoft , Nokia both rolled out tablets the same day Apple did
Changzhou , China  CNN  -- This is a bustling , modern Chinese city . Shoppers decked out in the last fashions prowl shining new shopping malls . It 's about two hours drive from the glamorous metropolis of Shanghai , yet it 's fair to say very few people outside of China have heard of it . But now , Changzhou has landed right in the middle of a U.S political firestorm . It 's all about jobs : American jobs shipped to China . And it goes all the way to Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney . In a thriving industrial area on the outskirts of Changzhou is a factory run by Sensata Technologies . It makes sensors for cars . Sensata is controlled by the private equity firm Bain Capital , and that is where Romney comes in . Romney is one of the founders of Bain Capital . And although he left the company years before it bought Sensata , he ca n't escape the political fallout . Outside the Sensata factory gates , we managed to catch a group of workers on their lunch hour . We talked with them quickly to avoid drawing the attention of company security guards . I asked one worker whether he knows who Mitt Romney is . "  No , " he said . "  You do n't know who he is ? He 's running for president of the United States , " I explained . "  Really ? I do n't know , " he said . They may not be up to speed on U.S. politics here , but they know a lot about the economy , about how incomes are rising even if it is at the expense of American workers . "  It 's determined by the market : Jobs go wherever labor is cheaper . It makes sense , " one worker said . "  Do you like America ? " I asked another . "  So-so , " he said . The American flag flew proudly at the gates of the Sensata plant , but the facility is also a symbol of Chinese economic power . Workers in Freeport , Illinois , say this is where their jobs are going , to factories just like this one in Changzhou . Angry American workers are camping in tents outside the Sensata plant in Freeport , protesting the planned closure of a place where they have worked for decades . The closure in December is set to wipe out 170 jobs . The workers say they suffer while the company profits from cheap Chinese labor . "  November 5 is scheduled to be my last day after 33 years , " said one despondent employee . On Wednesday , the Rev. Jesse Jackson was one of 16 people arrested and charged with criminal trespass after they marched onto the Sensata property in Freeport . Jackson and the 15 other protesters were quickly released after being served with citations for trespassing . Workers at the Freeport facility have erected posters and placards putting the blame for the shutdown directly on Romney . The Republican candidate has pledged to play hard ball with China during his campaign . Time and again , he 's criticized the ruling Communist Party , saying it deliberately keeps China 's currency low to gain an advantage in exports . If elected , he says he will declare China a currency manipulator on day one of his presidency , raising the prospect of a trade war . But with an eye on events at Sensata , President Barack Obama has scoffed at Romney 's claims of getting tough on China . Back in Changzhou , workers say America 's loss is their gain . They say they enjoy good conditions and regular eight-hour shifts . But they wo n't reveal how much they are paid . "  That 's a secret , " one of them said as others laughed loudly . Among the Chinese workers , we see two Americans . They tell us they are in China on rotation . They say they are fully aware of the controversy over jobs at the company and concede that it is a complicated issue . Right now , they 're just happy to be working themselves . "  I enjoy my job , " one of them said .	Sensata , a subsidiary of Mitt Romney 's former company Bain Capital , has a factory in China The group is shifting jobs from the United States to the Chinese plant Workers there say this is simple economics at work One of the employees says he does n't know who Romney is
Time.com  -- On August 5 , when a gunman drove to a Sikh temple outside Milwaukee and started shooting his 9mm handgun , some ran and some leapt to stop him . One of the six who died was temple president Santwat Singh Kaleka , who has been hailed as a hero by witnesses who say he tried to disarm the shooter . The first cop on the scene , Brian Murphy , took nine bullets as he also tried to help . Miraculously , Murphy was n't killed . Why do some people confront danger while most scamper for the exits ? Altruism emerges in many disasters . A few weeks ago , three women came forward to say they survived the cinema shooting in Aurora , Colorado , because their boyfriends shielded them . All three men are dead . In January , when the colossal cruiser Costa Concordia foundered on the western coast of Italy , a 57-year-old crewmember stayed aboard and helped others even as his captain -- and thousands of passengers -- abandoned ship . Thirty-two people died . Time.com : Sikh temple shooting : Wisconsin community reacts to shocking attack The difficult thing about studying those who are altruistic during calamities is that most of them die . Also , we like to create heroes . As researchers Selwyn Becker and Alice Eagly pointed out in the journal American Psychologist in 2004 , the idea of heroism exists in virtually every human culture ever recorded -- from cave paintings and folklore to the dawn of literature and right up to , say , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " President shares story of hero who tended to friend in theater shooting Because heroism is so deeply valued , Becker and Eagly define it as not only noble risk taking but also something selfish , a way to ensure status . Earlier this year , the journal Evolutionary Psychology published a study by two psychologists who found that participants who were willing to endure pain -- having to put their hands into a tub of ice for 40 seconds , or being dunked into a tank of water -- were not only judged to be more likable , but also given significantly more money from an $ 1,170 pot that could be divvied up any way the other student volunteers wanted . The study was small -- 78 participants -- and none were threatened with death . But the authors concluded that "  engaging in ` self-sacrificial behavior ' is a profitable long-term strategy . " In short , heroic and egotistical impulses can arrive at the same moment . But can we choose between them ? Time.com : Colorado movie theater shooting : Remembering the victims The U.S. Department of Defense has funded studies at Yale designed to examine the difference between service members who are steely during and after combat and those who break . Psychiatrist Deane Aikins , who supervises some of those studies , discourages the idea that heroism is a choice . "  The hard part for many people to understand is that the man even being alive is a miracle , " he says , referring to Murphy , the cop in Wisconsin . "  It may be that some people have stress hormones that run cooler in dangerous situations . " Look to the good in humankind -- look to heroes , says grieving father But after studying hundreds of veterans who served in Afghanistan and Iraq , Aikins believes that most tried to run but could n't . "  Random luck and surviving , " he says , defines many who survive to be called heroes . Aikins does offer one idea about those who help others and then live to be called heroes : they cultivate social bonds before and after the crisis . Service to the military or to a police department pays little in wages , but it can offer the remuneration of social ease and acceptance . In 2005 , the Journal of Personality published a study that examined why some non-Jews helped rescue people from the Nazis and why others did nothing . They found that those who had helped were more likely to report risk-taking behavior -- but the strongest correlation was with those who said they interact with friends and family on a regular basis . Defining a hero is harder than defining a coward -- the latter of whom Ambrose Bierce got right : "  One who , in a perilous emergency , thinks with his legs . " Those who saved people in Colorado and Wisconsin probably acted impulsively , unthinkingly , randomly -- but they did not run for the exits . This story was originally published on Time.com . The psychology of heroism : Why some leap in front of bullets	A Wisconsin temple president and a policeman emerge as heroes Heroes also emerged in the Colorado movie theater shooting Research shoes heroic and egotistical impulses can emerge simultaneously One psychiatrist discounts the idea that heroism is a choice
CNN  -- It has the curves of a Lamborghini , looks like something an astronaut might take into space and weighs only 10.3 ounces . Amazon 's Kindle e-reader is wireless and can hold about 200 books , plus newspapers and magazines . Amazon.com 's electronic Kindle reader -- a device meant to remove the paper from the page and make reading both more convenient and eco-friendly -- is celebrating its first birthday . Released in November 2007 , the Kindle has sold more than a quarter million units . Its texts account for 10 percent of Amazon 's book sales despite the fact that 200,000 titles -- a tiny fraction of the books offered on the site -- are available in digital form . While exact sales figures are hard to come by , recent estimates have put the Kindle 's sales on par with other high-profile mobile devices in their first year . Amazon.com says that the Kindle is currently sold out due to heavy demand . So what has spurred its success ? After all , electronic books have been around , in small numbers , for about a decade . Even Jeff Bezos , Amazon 's founder and CEO , has admitted that the book is "  elegantly suited to its purpose . It 's hard to improve on . " One thing that 's helped the Kindle is marketing . Where other readers failed to connect with consumers , the Kindle has excelled . The media-savvy Bezos has hardly been publicity shy , gaining his electronic toy a level of exposure most CEOs could n't begin to fathom . "  You ca n't discount the prominence of having Amazon behind this , " says Paul Reynolds , technology editor at Consumer Reports . "  Jeff Bezos is respected for what he 's done with Amazon , and if he feels this is a future product in media , people are willing to trust him . " Second , the gadget has been heralded by Oprah Winfrey , whose influence in the publishing world is immense . It 's also been embraced by some prominent writers , including Nobel laureate Toni Morrison and best-selling thriller author James Patterson . Third , with more and more consumers accustomed to reading text on their cell phones and BlackBerrys , the world finally may be ready for an electronic version of a book . "  I checked it out on Amazon and thought it was an intriguing idea , a great way to have a lot of books that do n't take up a lot of space , " says Emily Branch of Florida , who was moved to buy a Kindle after seeing the hosts of "  The View " chatting about it . "  I figured if I did n't like it I could return it within 30 days , " Branch says . "  There was n't a chance of that happening once I got it in my hands though . " One clutter-killing Kindle can hold about 200 books . And while other e-readers such as Sony 's Reader must connect through a USB port to upload content , the Kindle is a wireless device , thanks to Whispernet , which is powered by Sprint 's high-speed data network . "  I think the Whispernet is what sets the Kindle apart from all the other e-readers on the market , " says Leslie Nicoll of Portland , Maine , who co-authored "  The Amazon Kindle F.A.Q. " book after her tech-loving teenage daughter urged her to get a Kindle . Like Branch , Nicoll says she likes the Kindle 's low-impact effect on her bookshelves . "  I do n't have to worry about giving it to someone else , reselling it on Amazon or finding a place to store it in my house , " she says . "  For the enjoyment and convenience , it has given me in the past seven months , I consider that it has paid for itself already . " Readers can visit Amazon 's online store and upload a new book right to their Kindle . Subscribers also can have electronic versions of The New York Times and other newspapers and magazines delivered automatically to their Kindles in time for reading with their morning cup of coffee . "  The large and tightly interacting collection of Kindle features , that go far beyond those of any other previous e-Book attempt , will cause the Kindle to be the first e-Book to succeed , " wrote one reviewer on an Amazon discussion board . But not everything in Kindle world is roses and gumdrops . There 's a difference between modest early success and making a centuries-old print format obsolete . The Kindle sells for $ 359 , a steep price for the average reader in the current economic climate . "  I 'm not going to pay $ 360 for that . I can get books for free , " says Nikki Johnson , a college student in Atlanta , Georgia , speaking for traditionalists who are wary of giving up their bound paper volumes . "  There 's nothing like reading a nice paperback , " she says . "  There 's nothing like holding or carrying a book , having that tangible quality and it being more than just a piece of data . " So in an unforgiving economy and in a stubbornly old-fashioned medium , will the Kindle ever expand from a tech novelty to a mainstream accessory ? It might be too soon to tell . Blockbuster writers such as J.K. Rowling , author of the "  Harry Potter " series , have said they 'll never allow their books to appear on the market in electronic form . Yet future , better versions of e-readers may seduce younger consumers who grew up on PSPs and iPhones . A next-generation model of the Kindle is due in 2009 . Early reports indicate the new device will be thinner and will have fixed some current design bugs , such as poorly placed buttons that cause readers to turn pages accidentally . "  I think it 's certainly a ways away from hitting the mainstream ... because of the price and the experience a reader gets from long-form reading , " says Reynolds of Consumer Reports . "  Whether these ... are successful , stand-alone devices remains to be seen . From what I 've seen and heard , I think the technology is here to stay . "	Amazon.com 's electronic Kindle reader celebrates its first birthday Device holds about 200 digital books and can reduce bookshelf clutter Sales have been steady , but the device so far remains mostly a tech novelty Oprah Winfrey has praised it , but J.K. Rowling vows no e-versions of "  Harry Potter "
CNN  -- Use of tobacco in flavors like Dreamsicle and chocolate mint may be a growing problem among teenagers , according to a Centers for Disease Control report . More than two out of every five middle - and high-school students who smoke report using flavored little cigars or flavored cigarettes , according to the report . And the bigger concern may be that the majority of the kids who smoke the flavored cigars -- some 60 % -- say they do n't plan to quit anytime soon  compared to 49 % of all cigar smokers  . Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable disease and death in the United States . The report was the CDC 's first attempt to measure flavored little cigar and flavored cigarette use among kids . The data come from the 2011 National Youth Tobacco Survey . "  Historically what we know from other studies is that flavors can mask the harshness and taste of tobacco , particularly for a new person who has not smoked regularly and finds it difficult to handle , " said the CDC 's Dr. Tim McAfee , director of the Office on Smoking and Health . "  Flavoring makes it easier to use and more appealing to youth . " Cigars have become increasingly popular in the last couple of decades . Sales were up 240 % from 1997 to 2007 , according to the CDC . Flavored cigars account for 80 % of those sales . Doctors support raising the smoking age The problem is , studies show , kids ' experimentation with tobacco often turns into a lifelong habit . Some 88 % of adults who smoke say they started smoking by the age of 18 , according to the CDC . Tobacco use overall among kids has declined over the past few decades . Some 18 % of high school students said they smoked one or more cigarettes in the previous month , and 13.1 % said they smoked cigars , according to 2011 data . "  Things were looking and have been looking good in terms of the decline in youth smoking , " McAfee said . "  So we are particularly worried about little cigar use not declining . " In 2009 , President Obama signed the Family Smoking Prevention and Control Act banning the sale of flavored cigarettes . The law did not , however , ban flavored cigars . The little cigars are really "  kissing cousins " to cigarettes , McAfee said , and they resemble cigarettes when sold in a pack . They are similar in size and shape and have filters like cigarettes . The difference is little cigars are wrapped in leaf tobacco or another tobacco product . Cigarettes are wrapped in paper or some other non-tobacco substance . Little cigars may have already been more attractive to kids -- they are often taxed at a lower rate than cigarettes , which makes them more affordable . And unlike cigarettes , they can be sold individually . "  This allows kids to get little cigars for pocket change , " McAfee said . "  You can go into a convenience store and buy some variation on little cigars for under a dollar . " E-cigarettes : Healthy tool or gateway device ? Concerned about this issue , Rep. Harry Waxman , D-California , and the ranking member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , sent a letter to the Food and Drug Administration in 2012 asking the FDA to stop tobacco companies from "  exploiting loopholes and continuing to addict youth . " Waxman 's letter cited internal documents from tobacco companies that showed the companies were specifically trying to develop and market new products the letter characterized as taking "  advantage of tax and regulatory loopholes . " A memo from National Tobacco mentioned in the Waxman letter describes adding "  six explosive fruit flavors " including "  Apple Blitz " and "  Purple Thunder " to Zig Zag cigar wraps . The Waxman letter warns "  tobacco companies are succeeding in developing a new market by selling flavored cigars to young smokers . " But "  we do n't want kids to smoke , " said Mark Smith , spokesman for Commonwealth-Altadis , a company that has a line of flavored cigars . He says the company does n't make products for children . "  We do n't have a clue what young people like , because we do n't study anyone under 21 , " Smith said . The company makes cigars with flavors because adults like them , he said . "  Think about how many adults like flavored coffees and vodkas and other spirits . Americans like new products , and they especially like flavored products . " Commonwealth-Altadis is also a big supporter of the "  we card program , " which encourages retailers to verify the age of people buying tobacco , Smith said . CDC : Second ` Tips ' anti-smoking campaign	More than 2 out of 5 teens who smoke use flavored little cigars Almost 60 % of the kids who do "  are not thinking about quitting " Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the U.S.
CNN  -- A driver 's best bet is to stay home when wintry weather coats the roads in snow and ice , particularly in areas such as the Southeast where motorists and road crews are n't in the habit of dealing with icy conditions . The Georgia Department of Transportation is urging travelers to avoid all but absolutely necessary driving until at least Tuesday as a storm that arrived Sunday night continues to cause treacherous traveling . For those who must go out , it 's important to plan ahead . AAA recommends motorists pack a winter driving kit made up of the following : a bag of abrasive material  sand , salt or cat litter  , a snow shovel and brush , traction mats , an ice scraper , booster cables , a flashlight , window washing liquid , cloth , warning flares or triangles , a cell phone , gloves and a blanket . Try to ease your vehicle out of parking spaces without spinning the wheels . Drive back and forth for several feet in either direction to clear a path . Spread sand or salt near the wheels if additional traction is needed . If you do get stuck , you can contact AAA via phone , iPhone app or at AAA.com . De-ice vehicles before driving , urges the Mississippi Department of Transportation . Iced-over vehicles can limit driver visibility , and ice flying off cars can be hazardous to fellow drivers . If you have to drive in conditions with low visibility , go slowly , with your headlights on low beam , AAA advises . Allow at least double the usual following distance between cars . Never use cruise control on a slick surface . Steering around an obstruction is often safer than braking suddenly at speeds above 25 mph on a slippery surface , according to AAA 's pamphlet "  How to Go on Ice and Snow "  PDF  . When you do brake , do n't remove your foot from the brake or pump the pedal if you have antilock brakes , AAA advises . Drivers of cars that do n't have antilock brakes should keep their heel on the floor and apply firm pressure to the brake pedal to the threshold of locking . In case of skidding , steer in the direction you want the front of the car to go , keeping your eyes on your travel path . And do n't slam on the brakes ; you 're likely to make it harder to get back in control .	Georgia officials urging drivers to avoid travel until at least Tuesday If you have to go out on icy roads , AAA recommends essential winter driving tools Do n't slam on your brakes in a skid ; steer in the direction you want the front of the car to go
CNN  -- They 're on display at cash registers all across America : Candy bars , packs of gum -- and little cigars . In some cases , those cigars are n't tucked away behind the counter where only the attendant can get to them but right in front for anyone to pick up . Traditional fat cigars are a small part of today 's cigar industry . Newer types of cancer sticks include cigarette-sized cigars , or little cigars , designed to look like a typical cigarette but which evade cigarette taxes and regulations . Flavored little cigars can be sold virtually anywhere , and kids are a prime target of these new products . Unlike cigarettes , many are sold singly or in small , low-priced packs , at a fraction of the cost of a cigarette in most states . These little cigars have names like "  Da Bomb Blueberry " and "  Swagberry . " The flavors themselves -- chocolate mint , watermelon , wild cherry and more -- can mask the harsh taste of tobacco and are clearly attractive to children . The Food and Drug Administration banned candy and fruit flavors in cigarettes so young people would not be enticed . But cigars were n't covered . The tobacco industry claims that its marketing efforts are solely aimed at adults . It has long argued that its marketing does n't increase demand or cause young people to smoke but instead is intended to increase brand appeal and market share among existing adult smokers . How many grown-ups do you know who smoke grape-flavored cigars ? CDC : More teens smoking flavored tobacco Little cigars have become more popular in recent years . Flavored brands have almost 80 % of the market share . In 2011 , among middle school and high school students who currently smoke cigars , more than one in three reported using flavored little cigars . Six states -- Florida , Georgia , Maryland , Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Wisconsin -- have youth cigar smoking rates the same as or higher than those of youth cigarette smoking . Despite industry statements to the contrary , the link between marketing and youth tobacco use is clear . Some legislative and regulatory actions that tackle elements of tax discrepancies , youth appeal and marketing are in place or under consideration . New York and Providence , Rhode Island , have enacted city-wide ordinances prohibiting the sale of flavored tobacco products , including flavored little cigars . Both ordinances have been challenged and upheld in U.S. District Court . In April , the Tobacco Tax and Enforcement Reform Act was introduced in the Senate . This bill aims to eliminate tax disparities between different tobacco products , reduce illegal tobacco trade and increase the federal excise tax on tobacco products . Based on decades of evidence , the 2012 surgeon general 's report on tobacco use among youth and young adults concluded that tobacco industry marketing causes youths to smoke , and nicotine addiction keeps them smoking . This sobering fact holds true in spite of bans on advertising and promotions that target children and youths , and restrictions on certain other marketing activities . Nearly 90 % of smokers started before they were 18 years old , and almost no one starts smoking after age 25 . To prevent the needless death , disability and illness caused by smoking , we must stop young people from even starting to smoke . A key part of prevention efforts must be action that will eliminate loopholes in restrictions on tobacco marketing , pricing and products that encourage children and youth to smoke . I do n't think it 's too much to expect of our society that we protect our kids so they can reach adulthood without an addiction that can harm or kill them . 'Em erging ' tobacco products gaining traction among young , CDC survey finds The opinions expressed are solely those of Dr. Tom Frieden .	Little cigars look like cigarettes but evade cigarette taxes and regulations They come in flavors like "  Da Bomb Blueberry " or "  Swagberry " These are growing in popularity among young adults
Minamisoma , Japan  CNN  -- The scene of sheer devastation left by powerful tsunami waves looked sadly familiar : trucks slammed into houses , uprooted trees and downed power lines soaked in muddy water , while time stood still inside abandoned homes with unmade beds and scattered stuffed toys . It was the eerie combination of sounds that stood out as I surveyed a deserted village on this chilly Wednesday morning : Rustling of dangling tin sheets in gusty wind , my own breathing behind a face mask and the constant beeping of my Geiger counter . My colleagues and I had just entered the 20-kilometer exclusion zone , a radius Japanese authorities drew around the Fukushima Daiichi power plant and ordered some 78,000 residents evacuated in the early days of the crisis , now the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . The March 11 twin disasters of a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and the ensuing tsunami in northeastern Japan have resulted in the plant belching radioactive particles into the surrounding environment . Driving for two hours on winding highways from the Fukushima train station , we had passed through rural Japan 's alternating scenes of snow-covered mountains and green valleys in full bloom -- until we reached a checkpoint with a big "  no-entry " sign and flashing red lights . A friendly police officer , however , waved us through , after emphasizing the need to don face masks despite the relatively low reading on radiation . Our shoes tightly wrapped in paper booties , we finally stepped onto the soil inside the so-called hot zone , some 18 kilometers north of the stricken nuclear plant . With parts of the ground still wet from days of rain , we avoided murky puddles to minimize the risk of cross-contamination . The numbers on our Geiger counters fluctuated while the alarms -- with base level set low -- kept going off . Still , we faced no danger of being exposed to anything that would harm human health . Cars zipped by occasionally as residents were allowed in to check on homes and businesses , but the only other sign of life appeared to be farm animals -- a few cows , horses and chickens -- left behind that have grown gaunt . We noticed a lone young man in a blue jacket and jeans standing by a large pool of muddy water . Declining to reveal his name , the 34-year-old farmer told us , before the tsunami hit , the pool was a fertile rice field that his family had tilled for 150 years . "  I have lost my work and my home , " he said , adding he had come back to retrieve some personal belongings . "  And I am scared about my health . " He said he does n't trust government officials who say risks from radiation are low for local residents . His father wants to return , but he has other plans for the future . "  I may have to face the prospect of leaving my father behind and live faraway from here to start a family , " he said . We wished the young farmer good luck and did n't linger long inside the exclusion zone as it started drizzling from the gloomy sky . As we exited the checkpoint , a news headline flashed on my phone : "  Japan to enforce nuclear evacuation zone . " After removing face masks and paper booties , we drove past a line of shuttered storefronts and stopped at the centuries-old Senryu temple just outside the 20-kilometer perimeter . Sweeping its immaculately kept ground -- complete with a sand garden and a fish pond -- was Shinkoh Ishikawa , a 58-year-old Buddhist monk who offers a rare sanctuary to a community ravaged by a succession of disasters . The government had advised residents between the 20 - and 30-kilometer zones to move away or remain indoors . "  Religion is not something distant , it stays next to you , " Ishikawa explained his decision to stay after seeing hundreds of bodies of tsunami victims cremated at the local funeral home without a proper Buddhist ritual . "  I hope people understand that death is not the end of one 's life , but a revolving step where lives meet again . " Lighting a candle in the temple 's main hall where eight boxes of cremated remains lay on a table , Ishikawa chanted prayers for the dead . But it 's the tough and cheerful nature of the locals , he said , that has given him the best hope even as the nuclear fallout continues to unfold . "  We will rebuild , " he said . "  I 'm confident about that because we had done the same after the second world war . "	There is a 20-kilometer exclusion zone around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility A 9.0-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami hit northeastern Japan March 11 The twin disasters devastate the nuclear power plant
