WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A spending bill that funds the U.S. government for the rest of the budget year passed the Senate on Tuesday despite complaints about nearly $ 8 billion in what critics called "  pork-barrel " projects . The Senate passes a bill to fund the government through the end of the fiscal year . Senators voted 62-35 to cut off debate on the $ 410 billion measure and passed it on a voice vote immediately afterward . The omnibus spending bill includes more than 8,000 congressional "  earmarks , " which total almost $ 8 billion . The earmarks have caused critics to question President Obama 's pledge to end wasteful spending , but Obama administration officials said the bill is a holdover from the previous Congress . "  It is in America 's best interest to close the book on the last administration and let the new one hit the ground running , " said Sen. Daniel Inouye , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee . See where the money is going " But Sen. John McCain , a longtime critic of congressional spending and Obama 's Republican opponent in the 2008 election , said the vote shows "  business as usual " remained the order of the day . "  If the president were serious about his pledge for change , he would veto this bill . He wo n't , " McCain said . The bill funds the U.S. government through September , when the 2008 budget year ends . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , postponed the vote last week because he was n't sure supporters had the 60 votes needed to break a potential GOP filibuster . Republican critics , led by House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio , have urged Obama to veto the bill because of the earmarks , targeted spending provisions inserted by Democratic and Republican lawmakers . The measure passed the House of Representatives last week . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday called the bill a "  missed opportunity . " "  In the midst of a serious economic downturn , the Senate had a chance to show it can impose the same kind of restraint on itself that millions of Americans are being forced to impose on themselves at the moment . ... If the president is looking for a first bill to veto , this is it , " he said . McConnell has requested 36 "  solo " earmarks -- those without cosponsors -- totaling $ 51 million in the bill , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense . The group said five senators have not requested any earmarks : Sens. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma ; Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina ; Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin ; John McCain , R-Arizona ; and Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri . Some other senators have not requested any solo earmarks , but they have jointly requested funds with other lawmakers . Lawmakers on Monday night defeated an amendment from McCain that would have stripped the bill of most of its earmarks . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president is planning to unveil new guidelines Wednesday aimed at cutting down on the number of earmarks that make their way into future appropriations bills . Gibbs said Obama may sign the spending bill into law behind closed doors rather than make a public show of it . He said the president will lay out the new guidelines on earmarks as a not-so-subtle threat that he could veto future spending bills that do not comply with his objectives . "  Although it 's not perfect , the president will sign the legislation but demonstrate for all involved rules moving forward that he thinks can make this process work a little bit better , " Gibbs said . Gibbs added that "  over the course of the president 's tenure in Washington , dozens of those bills will come to his desk " and Obama wants to make clear "  that there will be some new rules of the road " for lawmakers to follow . Top Democrats , including House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland , have suggested lawmakers do not appreciate being dictated to on an issue that is a Congressional prerogative . Given the sensitivity of the issue with fellow Democrats , senior White House aides were reluctant Tuesday evening to preview any of the new rules the president will lay out for lawmakers . Aides would not specify whether the president would make public remarks about the new guidelines or release a written statement . CNN 's Ed Henry , Sandra Endo , Ed Hornick , Kristi Keck and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama will unveil new guidelines Wednesday to cut down on earmarks Spending bill including more than $ 8 billion in earmarks passes Critics blast White House for earmarks ; Obama staff says they inherited bill McCain : Vote shows "  business as usual " remained order of the day
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , We are under attack . We are denied education . We are bought and sold like cattle . We are threatened and killed for voicing our dreams . We are all suffering . When one girl in the world suffers for being born female , every girl in the world is made vulnerable . Gender-based hate in the most remote corner of the Earth threatens the very core of our dignity . How can any of us be free while our sisters are slaves in this very instant ? To turn a blind eye to a single girl living in sub-human status is to accept that status for each and every one of us . If the girls of the world stay silent , we will protect hate . Only our collective voice can carry our stories far and wide enough to drive out the oppression of girls everywhere . Until the day we all have the opportunity to speak up for ourselves , we have to bear witness for one another . Lift your voice for those who ca n't ! Write an open letter about what girls ' education means to you . - America Ferrera More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes Photos : The girls ' stories from "  Girl Rising " How to help | Take action with 10x10	Actress America Ferrera writes an open letter to girls of the world
CNET  -- Well , here 's what we 've all been waiting for . Apple put out a couple of announcements on Tuesday related to its desktop computers . Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor . The company unveiled a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor , a new and more graphics-intensive Mac Mini machine , and updated iMacs that include the lowest price point yet for the consumer desktops . Let 's look at the new Mac Pro first : priced at $ 2,499 for the quad-core version and $ 3,299 for the eight-core version , those Intel "  Nehalem " Xeon processors run at 2.93 GHz , and the interior of the machine has been cleaned up to make physical expansions easier . On the green front , it meets the new Energy Star 5.0 requirements that will go into effect later this year . The new iMac desktop is a 24 " machine that is priced at $ 1,499 , the cost of Apple 's previous 20 " iMac . The 20-inch is now $ 1,199 . The 20 " is powered by a 2.66 GHz processor ; the 24 " has processor speed options of 2.66 GHz , 2.93 GHz  for $ 1,799  , or 3.02 GHz  for $ 2,199  . The 24 " comes with a 640GB hard drive and 4GB of RAM expandable to 8GB ; the 20 " comes with a 320GB hard drive and 2GB of RAM expandable to 8GB . "  Our flagship 24-inch iMac with twice the memory and twice the storage is now available for just $ 1,499 , " Apple chief operating officer Tim Cook , currently standing in at the helm of the company in place of iconic CEO Steve Jobs , said in a release . "  The Mac mini is not only our most affordable Mac , it 's also the world 's most energy efficient desktop computer . " As for the new Mac Mini , the big upgrade is NVIDIA GeForce 9400M integrated graphics that Apple says will improve its graphics performance as much as fivefold . The monitor-free machine costs either $ 599 for a lower-end edition  1GB RAM , 120GB hard drive  or $ 799 for the higher-end  2GB RAM , 320GB hard drive  . All these machines , like the new Mac Pro , meet Energy Star 5.0 requirements . Rumors of new Apple desktop computers were first reported at AppleInsider . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop Powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor , they 're priced at $ 2,499 and $ 3,299 Apple also unveilved a new and more graphics-intensive Mac Mini machine Updated 24-inch iMacs have twice the memory and twice the storage
New York  CNN  -- When a Goldman Sachs employee unexpectedly wrote a scathing op-ed in the New York Times in March 2012 about why he was leaving the investment bank , he painted a picture of a "  toxic " workplace that embraced morally corrupt practices at the expense of their clients . Edith Cooper 's reaction was n't rooted in damage control . Instead , as the firm 's global head of human capital management -- overseeing more than 30,000 employees -- she wanted to know why . "  It was to figure out why it was that there was an individual who worked at Goldman Sachs who felt that the only way they could voice their experience was to write an op-ed in the New York Times , " she recalls to CNN 's Poppy Harlow . "  We 've emerged from what was one of the most challenging periods of financial services history , and we 've come into a better , more normalized position ... We 've been able to take a step back and really think about the future , " says Cooper . As one of Wall Street 's most sought after investment banks , named one of Fortune 's 100 Best Companies to work for this year , Cooper has led the human capital management department for the past six years and is responsible for recruiting the best and brightest talent for the firm . "  We continue to be amazed by the extraordinary talents of this generation . They are smart . They get information instantly . And they ask really tough questions . As a result we 've got to stay on our toes . Data drives performance To find the best candidates , she explains , Goldman Sachs uses employee performance metrics . "  Value add is being able to mine all the data that 's out there . Think about the people landscape right now ... We develop , we invest , we compensate thousands of people every year . How are we using that data to inform our decisions going forward ? "  If you had asked me 30 years ago , ` would I be on the management committee at Goldman Sachs and be the influence of our success through our people ? ' Oh no way . And so , I think that I 've come to expect the unexpected , " she says . As one of the most powerful people on Wall Street , surprisingly Cooper never planned for a career in finance . As a young woman , her ambition was to own her own clothing boutique in New York City . To make her dream a reality , after graduating from Harvard College Cooper decided she needed to go to business school . She took a job at a Chicago bank while attending business school at the same time at Northwestern 's Kellogg School of Management . Three decades later , she 's still in finance and the clothing store is a fond but distant memory . Broadening horizons Looking back over her career , Cooper credits much of her rise at Goldman Sachs to her time spent working overseas in the firm 's London office . "  I think in today 's economy , operating outside of your comfort zone is really , really important . I ca n't think of any industry where it 's not important to be able to take that risk of stepping forward into the unfamiliar . " She describes moving abroad as an "  extraordinary experience " where she reveled in learning how to work with people from all over the world . With some 30,000 employees around the globe , the management skills she honed in London continue to help Cooper in her role today . "  I 'm responsible for them -- the good , the bad and the not so perfect , " says Cooper . " -LSB- I -RSB- need to make sure that we are continuing to be viewed as a terrific place to work . " Cooper is also one of four women on Goldman Sachs ' 29-member executive committee . It 's a number she says needs to rise and notes diversity in all areas -- not just gender -- is key to success . "  There are four women , but I also see that there 's other types of diversity as well and we need more of everything . " We ca n't be the great firm that we need to be , to be relevant to our clients , if we do n't have diversity at every level . " Corporate confidants As she has risen up the ranks , Cooper is well aware of the help she has received from peers along the way . She recalls when she joined the management committee and was pulled aside after the first Monday morning meeting by the bank 's president and COO Gary Cohn . "  He said , ` You know what ? You did not represent what you do and what you know at the management committee this morning . Going forward , every Sunday ... we have a call -- you 're going to go through with me what you 're going to talk about . " Had she failed ? Had Goldman Sachs made the wrong decision in promoting her ? These questions raced through Cooper 's mind . But in retrospect she says it was the guidance she needed . In the end , she had only two calls with Cohn . It was all she needed . "  It meant that I was n't alone in the experience . "  A lot of times , mentoring is listening and feeding back to people that they can actually figure it out but they just need the confidence boost to do that , " she explains . "  I 'm successful because other people have gotten behind me . It 's my passion to be there for other people as well . " CNN 's Poppy Harlow contributed to this piece .	Edith Cooper is executive vice president of investment banking firm Goldman Sachs Since joining in 1996 , Cooper has worked her way up the ranks She is also global head of human capital management in charge of finding new talent
CNN  -- TP Mazembe from the Democratic Republic of Congo defeated Tunisian team Esperance 6-1 on aggregate to retain their African Champion 's League title on Saturday . Having won the first leg 5-0 , Mazembe were overwhelming favorites ahead of the clash in Rades but fell behind to an early goal from Esperance 's Ghanaian defender Harrison Afful . The team from Tunis ' celebrations were cut short moments later when Ben Amor was sent off for spitting at an opposition player . Mazembe sealed a second successive triumph with just over 20 minutes remaining , when Mukok Kanda equalized and ended any hopes of an Esperance comeback . The Congolese-league winners have created history by becoming the first team to retain African-club football 's top honor twice , having previously won back-to-back crowns in 1967-68 . Lamine N'Diaye -- Mazembe head coach -- was delighted to have captured the African Champion 's League in his first season with the team . "  It was a big challenge , and I feel proud to have achieved the ultimate in African club football , " N'Diaye told the website of football 's world governing body , FIFA . "  I 've had great joy in football , but this victory is a lot of happiness . At club level you always try to do better , but this is formidable . "	TP Mazembe have won the African Champion 's League for a second successive year The Congolese team drew 1-1 with Esperance of Tunisia to seal a 6-1 aggregate win Mazembe are the first time to retain the trophy on two seperate occasions
Moscow  CNN  Ukraine 's latest allegations that Russian troops have been deployed into Ukraine are "  complete rubbish , " the Russian Defense Ministry said Tuesday . A day earlier , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Russian troops had crossed the border to support pro-Russian rebels . Ukraine and the West for months have accused Russia of supporting rebels in eastern Ukraine by sending in Russian troops , weapons and supplies . The United States and European countries have imposed economic sanctions on Russia over its involvement in Ukraine , while Russian officials have frequently denied claims their military has sent forces to bolster the rebels . On Tuesday , Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Monday 's allegations were designed to attract sympathy and investment for Ukraine at this week 's gathering of political and business leaders in Davos , Switzerland . Yatsenyuk , according to Ukraine 's state-run media , said Monday that his country 's military "  confirmed the fact military personnel and equipment have been transferred from Russia to Ukraine . " "  Tanks , GRAD multiple rocket systems , BUK and SMERCH systems , radio electronic intelligence systems are not sold at local Donetsk street markets . Only the Russian army and Defense Ministry have them , " Yatsenyuk said . The prime minister 's spokeswoman , Olga Lappo , confirmed to CNN the quotes attributed to Yatsenyuk are accurate . Unrest in Ukraine began with protests in the country 's capital last year after pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych , favoring closer ties to Russia , dropped plans to sign a political and economic agreement with the European Union . After months of protests and days of deadly clashes between demonstrators and security personnel in Kiev , Parliament ousted Yanukovych in February . Weeks later , Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula . In April , violence broke out in two Ukrainian regions that border Russia -- Donetsk and Luhansk -- as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Pro-Russian separatists have claimed control of parts of Donetsk and Luhansk since the spring , despite a push by Ukrainian forces to defeat them . From mid-April to September 16 alone , at least 3,500 people were killed and at least 8,100 others were wounded in the conflict , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Russian Defense Ministry spokesman : Allegations designed to attract sympathy Ukraine , West have long accused Russia of sending troops , supplies into eastern Ukraine Ukraine 's Prime Minister made latest such allegation on Monday
CNN  -- One of this week 's most astounding stories is Facebook 's acquisition of WhatsApp , a mobile messaging service that has more than 450 million monthly active users globally . The $ 19 billion that Facebook will spend on buying WhatsApp created a collective jaw-drop in the tech world . Sure , the price tag is getting a lot of buzz -- $ 19 billion is a historically big number for a venture funded company . But what exactly is Facebook getting out of it ? A company just a few years old with less than a billion dollars in revenue and a service that is nearly  but not quite  free . Is all of that worth so much money ? Just as with the acquisition of YouTube by Google for $ 1.65 billion or Facebook 's purchase of Instagram for $ 1 billion , many people simply have a hard time wrapping their mind around an acquisition of a service that does n't fit with traditional valuation principles . In the old world , company valuations were based on a multiple of revenue or free cash flow , while also factoring growth over time . But in the new world of Internet and social media , revenue is often something that will come later as the result of hyper growth , and traditional valuation techniques do n't apply . Still , because of the eye-popping price , many are naturally asking if this acquisition is a sign of a tech bubble . After all , prices for social media and Internet service startups seem to be getting bigger by the day and , well , $ 19 billion is a mind-blowing number . To which I would say that while the price seems enormous - mainly because it is - the price per user is actually in line with acquisitions in the past decade . When looking at price-per-user from acquisitions over the past decade and throwing out outliers like Yahoo 's acquisition of Broadcast.com for nearly $ 11,000 per user  nice job , Mark Cuban  , what Facebook paid for each WhatsApp user is solidly in the middle of the pack at $ 42 , above Instagram 's $ 28 cost per user and Tumblr 's $ 33 per user , but below the $ 48 or so Google paid for each YouTube user back in 2006 . So while other acquisitions have been much cheaper in total price paid by Facebook , that 's because the total user base of these other services has been much lower . And that 's the thing that makes WhatsApp such an attractive prize for Facebook : 450 million active users . Not only is that a massive number , but the number is also growing very quickly , having doubled in just the past year . In short , with this acquisition , Facebook is getting the most popular mobile social messaging app in the whole world . The importance of this ca n't be understated . Facebook has been trying over the past few years to adapt to the mobile world with mixed results , and now with WhatsApp , Mark Zuckerberg is not only getting a massively popular mobile social messaging service , but one that is also enormously popular in emerging markets . As others have aptly noted , because Facebook does n't control a mobile platform itself  unlike Google with Android  , and with its stock rising , Zuckerberg likely felt it had to make this move now to add fuel to its transition to the world of mobile computing . If Facebook did n't make this move , Google , which reportedly offered $ 10 billlion for WhatsApp , likely would have . Facebook is showing that it is willing to bet big chunks of the company  the WhatsApp acquisition will cost them roughly 10 % of outstanding Facebook shares  to disrupt themselves and remain relevant . A high price to be sure , but judging by recent history , the price it paid is about right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolf .	Facebook bought WhatsApp , a mobile messaging service , for $ 19 billion Michael Wolf : Yes , the acquisition is worth the money , even though company is young He says WhatsApp 's 450 million active users make it attractive in terms of growth Wolf : Facebook is showing that it is willing to disrupt itself and remain relevant
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Yet another passenger ship could be about to anchor in Hong Kong 's popular waters , but berths aboard this particular vessel will be more permanent . New sketches from a company in the city on China 's southern coast have proposed the creation of a floating cemetery . Designed as a possible solution to Hong Kong 's shortage building space -- particularly for graveyards - Bread Studio has come up with "  Floating Eternity . " The structure would hold a rotating wall of 370,000 niches which are compartments allotted for people to place their urn containing the remains of their loved ones . Designed like a cruise ship , the floating cemetery would anchor along Hong Kong 's coastline , docking at a designated pier for visitors who want to visit their deceased relatives . "  Architects are always made to think about life when designing buildings but not many think about death , " said Benny Lee , a designer at Bread Studio . "  I was watching TV and saw a group of people encouraged by the government to scatter their loved ones ' ashes in the sea and noticed that the boat they were using to transport people out was really small . I thought why not make that boat bigger , better and more enjoyable for families . " "  Floating Eternity " would also offer amenities for its visitors . Complementing Chinese rituals that involve bringing food during cemetery visits , the floating cemetery plans to have a grass deck for people to set up picnics or a restaurant onboard . This would be particularly popular during the city 's Cheung Yeung and Ching Ming Festival , where many Hong Kong residents pay homage to their deceased ancestors by spending their day at cemeteries . "  The design also focuses on plenty of greenery with bamboo gardens ; something you do n't see in the stony graveyards in Hong Kong despite them being chiseled into hills because there 's simply no space , " said Lee . The structure is also eco-conscious -- its columbarium wall , which would sit on a rail track , would be powered by tidal energy . This allows the walls to travel around the track giving all niches an equal chance for the best position on the cruise ; an important aspect of feng shui - the art of placement prominent in Chinese culture - where the position of the lot affects the price for it . The concept is bizarre yet , it gives Hong Kong a glimpse into its near future . With its bay of glitzy skyscrapers and a population of over 7.1 million , space to build is increasingly scarce , and developers are being pushed out of packed central locations . Recently , a CBRE Global Research and Consulting survey named Hong Kong the world 's most expensive retail space at US$ 3,863 per sf annum , topping New York . Hong Kong also has an aging population . According to the Hong Kong Consensus and Statistics Department in late July , the number of deaths is expected to rise from about 42,700 per year currently to about 82,400 at the end of the next 20 years . A shortage of space coupled with a rise in death rates has caused a shortage of plot space for the deceased and a subsequent rise in costs for it . "  A floating cemetery is the next natural step in Hong Kong 's history of graveyards , " said Lee . Cemetery sites have been evolving since the 1940s where the dead were buried in graves on flat land to the 1960s where feng shui dictated that some graves should be positioned on high hillsides near villages . Towards the 1980s , columbarium became the preferred place for the dead . Traditionally housed in temples , they offer locker-style compartments for people to place the ashes of their loved ones . Columbarium also took the form of buildings however , in recent years , people have objected to living in such close proximity to them and their rising prices  private columbaria costs in Hong Kong range between US$ 645 to US$ 25,604  . As a result , illegal columbaria have mushroomed in various areas around Hong Kong . A maritime mortuary is yet to set sail along a coastline in any part of the world . However , there have been other unusual options for storing the dead . In Sweden , it is legal to freeze bodies in a posthumous bath of liquid nitrogen before blasting them and reducing them to powder . In Tokyo , Japan , mechanical tombs are used where families swipe smart cards to lift the urns from an underground vault and access the ashes of their loved ones ; a solution Hong Kong was reportedly looking into three years ago . "  We 're aware that the wall of columbarium on the floating cemetery will also , at some point , reach its limit so we suggest stacking up additional storeys on top of the wall , " said Lee . "  But most importantly , it 's a short-term alternative . Who knows , we could be seeing a sea of floating cemeteries in a few years from now . " World 's ` most delightful commute ' hit by ferry disaster	New sketches from a company have proposed the creation of a floating cemetery This will be popular during the city 's Cheung Yeung and Ching Ming Festival A shortage of space and a rise in death rates has caused a shortage of cemetery space A maritime mortuary does not exist but other unusual storing options for the dead do
Hong Kong  CNN  When she was growing up , Mui Thomas , wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl . But Mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection . "  I really do n't think I knew that I did n't look like everybody else , " she says . She was born with Harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales . She ca n't sweat but she can shed tears . On the day we speak , her appearance raises few eyebrows at her local Starbucks in Sai Kung -- she 's a familiar and well-known presence in the waterfront Hong Kong town where she grew up . Mui 's struggle to come to terms with her condition and other people 's reactions to it has , at times , left her on the brink of suicide . But , now 22 , she refuses to let it get in the way of her life -- she has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker -- educating and inspiring others about the challenges of looking "  visibly different . " After she was abandoned at birth , long-time Hong Kong expats Tina and Rog Thomas began fostering Mui , when she was just one and a half years old . They were told she did n't have long to live . "  We wanted to give her a family life in the time she had , " says Tina . However , Mui began to thrive in a loving family environment and Tina and Rog formally adopted Mui when she was three years old . Together they gradually learned how to manage her skin condition . Each day she bathes twice , ideally for two hours each time , and everywhere she goes she carries a backpack with three or four tubs of cream that she must apply throughout the day to stop her skin from drying out . She 's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis . The oldest is 31 . But while Mui 's unusual appearance made little difference during her early years , that changed when she started secondary school . The school she attended required that she be accompanied by a educational assistant , which put up a barrier between her and the other children and made it difficult for her to make friends . Things got worse when she became a victim of cyberbullying . She began to deny her appearance , stopped bathing , taking her medication and applying the cream . At times , she considered jumping from the balcony of her home . "  They 'd say things like ` You should n't have been born ' -- and very personal things that only people who knew me would know , " she says . "  It made me very wary of everybody . Even when people tried to be nice , I did n't repay it . I did n't trust them . " The worst episode lasted for 10 months and only stopped after police became involved and found the bully -- someone whom Mui thought was her friend . Mui left school with no qualifications . She says the school did n't push her to study and made too many allowances for her skin disorder . "  I still wish I had got a very hard kick up the backside from the teachers when I was n't doing work , " says Mui . Since leaving school , Mui has found a full-time job working with people with special needs and at weekends can be found running around a rugby pitch with a whistle -- she 's a referee for kids ' matches . Along with her parents , she 's also begun speaking about her experiences of living with a "  visible difference " and cyberbullying at schools around Hong Kong . Her father has also written a family memoir called "  The Girl Behind the Face . " Many have found her story inspirational -- a real life version of the young adult novel "  Wonder " by R.J. Palacio about a young boy with a deformed face who enters middle school . On Saturday , she will graduate from school assemblies and speak in front of a paying audience at a TEDx talk in the city . Her father is both protective and proud . He thinks public speaking will help Mui come to terms with her condition but he 's also wary that she could be portrayed as a "  modern freak show . " "  It 's difficult for her because she spent so long denying it . The more she confronts it , the more she is aware of it -- it will build confidence , " he says . There 's even talk she might take part in a fashion show for people with visible difference , realizing a childhood dream . In person , Mui comes across as articulate , poised and confident -- something her mom says comes out of spending so much time with adults while growing up -- and it 's easy to see how she could command an audience of hundreds . But after two hours of chatting in a coffee shop , she 's a little bored and keen to get back to her job . She flings her backpack over her shoulder and dashes off into Hong Kong 's crowded streets .	Mui Thomas has a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin raw and open to infection Abandoned at birth , Tina and Rog Thomas adopted Mui She 's now 22 , a rugby referee and an inspirational speaker
While winter is a distant memory for most Americans , it continues unabated in Anchorage , Alaska -- where a new bout of precipitation this weekend helped the city break its record for seasonal snowfall , at more than 133 inches  3.38 meters  . Some 3.4 inches of snow -- and counting -- had fallen as of 4 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  Saturday in Anchorage , according to the National Weather Service . That brought the seasonal total for the city to 133.6 inches -- breaking the record of 132.6 inches , set in 1954-1955 . And with snow continuing to fall into early Sunday morning , the figure promises to get even larger . "  Okay ... now the records broken , could you please make the snow go away ??!! " wrote one commenter of the Facebook page of the weather service 's Alaska division . Another said , "  Oh , it 's not chilly . I 'm wearing a tee-shirt and shorts while cooking outside and enjoying this beautiful springtime weather @ 35 degrees . " While snow is nothing new to Alaskans , this year 's record haul in Anchorage is notable given that the average seasonal snowfall is 74.5 inches . And it 's also striking considering that , elsewhere in the United States , this past winter was known more for its warmth than its white stuff . Across the United States , the 2011-2012 winter season was the fourth warmest ever recorded , according to the National Climatic Data Center . The agency 's report , issued in March , found that a relative dearth of snow throughout the contiguous United States contributed to snow cover levels in North America being the fourth lowest since such records were first kept . Still , as much as Anchorage residents can revel in being standouts when it comes to snow in their country , they hardly merit top billing in their own state . Other record-setters in the state include Haines , a community about 92 miles north of Juneau that saw about 360 inches of snow for the 2011-2012 season -- smashing the previous record of 309 inches set five years ago , according to the weather service .	Anchorage has had more than 133 inches of snow for the 2011-2012 season This breaks the previous snowfall record for a season , set 57 years ago The U.S. overall saw less snow , with the 4th least snow cover recorded
New Delhi  CNN  -- Narendra Modi , the leader of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , claimed victory as India 's next Prime Minister on Friday , bringing to power a man whose controversial past at one point led the United States to deny him a visa . Official results show his party winning at least 275 of 543 parliamentary seats , bringing a clear majority , according to the India Election Commission . It 's the first time in three decades that India 's 540 million voters delivered a resounding mandate to a single party to rule the world 's second-most populous nation . Fractured electoral verdicts leading to coalition governments had been common in India since 1989 . Manmohan Singh , India 's outgoing Prime Minister , called Modi to congratulate him on his "  party 's victory , " said Singh 's Twitter page . Viewed as pro-business , Modi , 63 , has pledged reforms to revive the nation 's flagging economy . But his past is not without controversy . Throughout his campaign , his relationship with the country 's huge Muslim minority came under scrutiny . In 2002 , Gujarat state was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1,000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Modi , the state 's chief minister , was criticized for not doing enough to halt the violence , but a Supreme Court-ordered investigation absolved him of blame last year . Analysts predict his arrival in India 's top office will bring a marked change in direction for the world 's most populous democracy , a nation whose modern character has been defined by the defeated Indian National Congress Party , which has been dominant since the country 's independence in 1947 . Modi 's victory had long been anticipated , as polls indicated a slump in support for the ruling Congress Party , which has been dogged by high-profile corruption scandals amid stubborn inflation and a slowed economy . Congress Party spokesman Randeep Surjewala told CNN , "  We bow before the wishes of the people of India with all humility . We will continue to play the role assigned to us . We will try with greater vigor and determination to work with the large populace of this country . " Modi 's relationship with the rest of the world The United States denied Modi a visa over the anti-Muslim violence in 2005 , suggesting a strained relationship between the United States and India 's next Prime Minister . But President Barack Obama called Modi to congratulate him on winning the election and to invite him to Washington , according to the White House . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also congratulated Modi , saying in a tweet that he looks forward to "  growing shared prosperity . " State Department officials told CNN that Modi will be given a visa to the United States once he takes office and forms a government . The tensions between Modi and the United States in the past could have an impact on relations during his term , said Arati Jerath , an analyst and journalist in India . "  There is a feeling that Narendra Modi will be much more pro-China than pro-U.S. , and that could be rooted to the fact that he 's had this tension with the United States over his visa , whereas the Chinese laid out the red carpet for him , " Jerath said . Modi 's ascent to the national stage Celebrations broke out as updates from the five-week-long election were released throughout the day . Modi 's supporters sang , danced , played music , threw flowers and even brought elephants into the mix as initial results indicated a huge lead for the BJP . Supporters celebrated outside the party 's office and in the streets in Gujarat , where Modi has served as chief minister since 2001 . He tweeted : "  Good days are here to come . " At a news conference , BJP chief Rajnath Singh declared , "  Till some time ago , it was said India 's success story is over . Now , the time has come to rewrite India 's success story . " India 's potential for growth was once mentioned in the same breath as that of China . But the world 's second-most populous nation has not delivered . Modi , a former tea seller , sprang into the national spotlight for his work in Gujarat , where he cultivated an image of a man who gets things done . Gujarat , a state of some 60 million people , has seen China-like rates of growth in recent years , which have been eyed enviously by the rest of the country . The "  Gujarat model " of development means a focus on infrastructure , urbanization and eradicating red tape . India 's stock market surged Friday as initial results suggested a huge lead for Modi and his party . UK Foreign Minister William Hague congratulated Modi and his party , saying Britain looked "  forward to forging an even closer partnership with India . " CNN 's Mallika Kapur , Sumnima Udas and Tim Hume contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama congratulates Narendra Modi and invites him to Washington . Official results show a clear majority for one party , a first in three decades for India Narendra Modi is a Hindu nationalist who was viewed as a pro-business candidate But controversies in his past have led to strained relations with the United States
CNN  -- Toby Keith opened his seventh Toby Keith 's I Love This Bar & Grill in suburban Detroit earlier this month as the latest in a long line of celebrities who 've tried to sell a meal with their A - , B - or C-list name . Many celebrities invest in restaurants -- Ashton Kutcher , Britney Spears , Justin Timberlake , to name a few -- they just do n't always put their name above the door . The celebrity moniker can be both a blessing and a curse when it comes to starting a restaurant . For every Kenny Rogers Roasters -- which at one point boasted 350 franchises -- there is a Mickey Rooney 's Delicious , Mickey Rooney 's Weenie World or Mickey Rooney 's Star-B-Q . Remember them ? Neither does anyone else . "  There 's definitely value in a popular celebrity 's name , " Laurie Jacobson , author of "  Dishing Hollywood , " tells CNN . "  So if someone is well-liked by the fans , seeing the celebrity 's name above the door of a restaurant just might make you go in . " The eponymous celebrity restaurant has its roots at the beginning of the Hollywood movie industry . In the 1920s and '30s , stars such as Frances X. Bushman , Clara Bow and Selma Todd lent their names to eateries . "  It " girl Bow was so famous , she called her restaurant simply "  It Café . " "  Most people did n't have to be told who the ` It ' girl was , " Jacobson says . And just like today , scandal could destroy a celebrity 's restaurant . Fatty Arbuckle 's Plantation Restaurant crashed and burned along with his acting career following allegations of rape and murder by the portly comedian . He "  was eventually acquitted , but not in time to save his career , " Jacobson says . In those early days , the star who had his or her name on the menu was often in the joint , available to sit and have a drink with other famous pals . By the 1950s and '60s , though , celebrity restaurants became more business ventures than vanity vehicles . Dean Martin licensed his name for Dino 's Lodge on the Sunset Strip . "  Celebrities ' names were slapped up on signs but they were rarely seen in those establishments and it was simply the name value that they hoped would draw in that celebrity 's fans or tourists who hoped to see other celebrities there , " Jacobson says . Then there are those celebrities who 've extended their time in the limelight with an eatery . The skipper from "  Gilligan 's Island " greeted guests at Alan Hale 's Lobster Barrel and Steak House , and vaudevillian Dave Chasen 's chili recipe launched his career as a restaurateur in Beverly Hills , Jacobson says . The allure continues to reel in diners , hungry for a star sighting , be it fans of Toby Keith or Carlos Mencia . "  Sometimes it 's just the thrill of grabbing that ashtray , that book of matches , " Jacobson says . "  And is n't it more fun to go back to Iowa and say I ate at -LSB- so-and-so 's -RSB- restaurant instead of saying I ate at an Italian restaurant ? It just gives it a little more oomph . "	Celebrities and restaurants are a good business mix Stars like Ashton Kutcher , Britney Spears , Justin Timberlake invest in restaurants Others put their names on restaurant , like Michael Jordan 's Steak House Author : Tourists love to go home and say they ate at celebrity 's restaurant
CNN  -- Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard hid in a "  panic room " inside his home as a man wielding an ax and knife cracked the glass in the home 's front door , Danish police said Saturday . Police said a home alarm alerted them to the scene in Aarhus at 10 p.m. Friday , and they were attacked by the suspect when they responded . Police shot the suspect . Westergaard took his 5-year-old granddaughter into the "  panic room " when he realized what was happening , Chief Superintendent Ole Madsen said . Westergaard , who has been threatened for drawing cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad , is ordinarily accompanied by bodyguards when he leaves his home , but nobody was on guard at the house Friday , the Security and Intelligence Service told CNN . Police said Westergaard was "  being taken care of " after the break-in , but would n't reveal his new location . The suspect , meanwhile , appeared in court Saturday , charged with attempted assassination , the Danish Intelligence and Security Service said . The suspect was shot in the right leg and left hand and hospitalized after the incident , police said . Video showed him appearing in court Saturday strapped onto a stretcher . Authorities did not identify the suspect because the judge decided it would be illegal to disclose his name , said Madsen , with the East Jutland Police . Authorities said he was a 28-year-old Somali who has legal residency in Denmark and lives in Sjaelland , near Copenhagen . The suspect was charged with the attempted assassination of Westergaard and a police officer on duty , the intelligence service said . The judge ordered the suspect held for four weeks while the investigation proceeds . Madsen said the man is the only suspect in the case , and he would not say whether police were investigating anyone else . Police had no indication that an attack was being planned on Westergaard , Madsen said , though the intelligence service said the suspect had been under surveillance because of his terrorist links . Danish intelligence officials said the suspect is connected to al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's ally in east Africa . Al-Shabaab , the militant organization with alleged ties to the suspect , is waging a bloody battle against Somalia 's transitional government and is currently on a U.S. government list of terrorist organizations . At a news conference in the Somali capital of Mogadishu , al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage said , "  We are very happy with the Somali national who attacked the house of the Danish cartoonist who previously insulted our prophet Mohammed . This is an honor for the Somali people . We are telling that we are glad that anyone who insults Islam should be attacked wherever they are . " The incident "  once again confirms the terrorist threat that is directed against Denmark and against cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , in particular , " said Jakob Scharf , spokesman for the Danish Security and Intelligence Service . Westergaard 's caricature of Muhammad -- showing the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse -- sparked an uproar among Muslims in early 2006 after newspapers reprinted the images months later as a matter of free speech . The cartoon was first published by the Danish newspaper Morgenavisen Jyllands-Posten in September 2005 . At the time , Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terrorism . However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist . Over the years , Danish authorities have arrested other suspects who allegedly plotted against Westergaard 's life . After three such arrests in February 2008 , Westergaard issued a statement , saying , "  Of course I fear for my life after the Danish Security and Intelligence Service informed me of the concrete plans of certain people to kill me . However , I have turned fear into anger and indignation . It has made me angry that a perfectly normal everyday activity which I used to do by the thousand was abused to set off such madness . " Scharf said authorities have taken measures to ensure Westergaard 's safety , and that the protection has "  proven effective . " CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Somali man attacked home of political cartoonist , police say Police say they shot suspect outside home of Kurt Westergaard Westergaard known for controversial cartoons of Prophet Muhammad Danish officials say suspect connected to al Qaeda ally in Africa
CNN  -- Belgian police are now confident that a shooter who killed three people at the Jewish Museum of Belgium was carrying a camera to record the attack , a senior Belgian law enforcement official told CNN Tuesday . Initial analysis of the surveillance footage from Saturday 's attack in Brussels had not conclusively shown he was carrying a video camera . However , the police still do not have leads on the identity or the whereabouts of the shooter , nor on the gunman 's specific motivation or ideological background , the official said . The official told CNN that investigators do not believe the attack was a "  hit " targeting an Israeli couple who were two of those killed . There has been media speculation in the past several days in Israel and Belgium that the couple had ties to Israeli intelligence agencies . "  It 's clear from the surveillance video that the Israeli couple were not specifically targeted by the gunman . We believe they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time , " the official said . "  If they had been the specific target , the gunman would not have continued with his attack by entering the museum . " The two Israelis killed were a couple in their 50s from Tel Aviv , Israel 's Foreign Ministry said . The third victim was a French woman . A fourth person shot , a Belgian national who works at the museum , remains in critical condition , deputy public prosecutor Ine Van Wymersch said Monday . That contradicted museum spokeswoman Chouna Lomponda , who said Sunday that the fourth person had died . AK-47 assault rifle Images from the museum in Brussels show the gunman behind Saturday 's deadly attack approaching the building , opening fire , and walking away . He used an AK-47 assault rifle to carry out the shooting , police said Sunday . Photographs and video released by Belgian police show the man wearing a cap and blue shirt , carrying two bags over his shoulder . The images do not show his face clearly . The shooter left on foot after the attack and headed toward a different part of downtown Brussels before he disappeared , according to police . Authorities are hunting the suspect , who is believed to have acted alone , Van Wymersch said . Investigators hope the public will help to identify the suspect . Terrorism has not been ruled out , Van Wymersch said Monday . Could the killer attack again ? It has been challenging to identify the killer because he was wearing a baseball cap , the senior Belgian law enforcement official told CNN on Monday . There is concern that the gunman could strike again , the official said , and that authorities could be dealing with a "  Mohammed Merah " type of killer . Merah , a French-Algerian Islamist radical who received terror training with al Qaeda-linked militants in Pakistan , shot and killed three French paratroopers in two attacks in March 2012 before killing three schoolchildren and their teacher at a Jewish school in Toulouse , France , during a 10-day shooting rampage which he filmed with a camera attached to his torso . But the official stressed that no evidence has emerged in Saturday 's attack in pointing to any link to Islamist terrorism . The official said the killer shot the Israeli couple first in the museum entryway with one of his weapons . The couple had been consulting the wall display . He then pulled out a Kalashnikov assault rifle and shot the others inside the museum . Surveillance cameras picked up the killer walking on two or three streets before he disappeared . The official said the killer appeared to be skilled in using weapons and likely planned the attack meticulously . The official stressed Belgian authorities are investigating all possible angles , including Islamist terrorism , neo-Nazi attack , and other categories . With regard to the threat from Islamist terrorism , he noted there has been longstanding concern over the 100 or so Belgian Islamist extremists who received training in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region over the years , and high current concern over several hundred who have more recently traveled to fight in Syria . The concern is they might be able to use skills acquired there to launch attacks back home . Belgium 's Interior Ministry raised its terror alert level in the wake of the attack . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Police think gunman was carrying a camera , a Belgian law enforcement official says Investigators do not believe the attack was a "  hit " targeting an Israeli couple who were killed "  We believe they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time , " says official Police are struggling to identify the shooter from footage because he wore a baseball cap
CNN  -- For 35 years , the Cato Institute has been a nonpartisan and independent source of libertarian views on key policy issues in America . We stand for limited government , individual liberty and peace . No matter who is in the White House or has control of Congress , scholars at Cato have consistently argued that the federal government should treat every person as an individual , regardless of background and lifestyle choices . We have advocated for limiting military engagement in foreign conflicts that have no bearing on the safety of our country . And we have opposed legislation that would involve more government control , even when that legislation is supported by some free-market organizations . Over the years , these beliefs have put us at odds with elected officials on all sides of the political spectrum . We have been critical of Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama for what we believe to be overreaching of executive authority . We were among the first to question the Bush administration 's war in Iraq , and we aggressively opposed President Obama 's economic stimulus plan . However , we eagerly work with officials when we find areas of agreement , as we did with the Clinton administration on trade policies and the Bush administration on Social Security reform . But , if Charles Koch , the CEO of Koch Industries , gets his way , the independence that has allowed Cato scholars to focus on smart policies rather than electoral politics will come to an end . Koch , along with current CEO Ed Crane , was a co-founder of Cato and provided nearly all of the seed capital and early funding that established the institute in 1977 . Koch 's interests have taken him on different paths since ; he left Cato 's board in 1991 and has provided no funding to the institute for many years . Opinion : Koch believes in an independent Cato Koch has recently increased his funding for more partisan advocacy groups , such as the Americans for Prosperity . His brother , David , told me in a meeting in November of 2011 that he and Charles wanted Cato to coordinate more closely with their political organizations in their efforts to defeat President Obama in the fall election . Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity , left little doubt as to what their plans are when he spoke with the New York Times that same month : "  From an operational standpoint , we 're going to have a field effort in targeted states that is doing phones , door to door , and integrated with direct mail and social media . It is going to look very similar to what party committees would be doing . " That 's fine for them , but not for Cato . The court will ultimately decide who is in control at Cato : A board of independent directors who have , over 30 years , provided financial and management support to the institute while upholding its libertarian principles , or two individuals who seek to restructure the board with people beholden to their political agendas . The Koch brothers are shareholders of Cato through an unusual but legal arrangement . Because one of the shareholders passed away , the Kochs believe they can take control of Cato . Indeed , Charles Koch 's first step when he thought he had gained control of Cato 's stock was to nominate 12 people to fill board seats of Cato directors whose terms of service had expired . None of the nominees had supported Cato financially or indicated any interest in the institute 's governance . Three nominees are Koch employees , two are lawyers for Koch Industries , two had long careers at Koch-controlled organizations , one is a third-generation major shareholder in Koch Industries and one is a Republican political operative . However accomplished the nominees may be , they are not appropriate for Cato 's board if the institute is to preserve its international reputation as a leading vanguard for libertarian principles . The stakes are high . Would transforming Cato from a libertarian research center into a policy shop for the Kochs ' political operations make any sense ? The answer from Cato 's fiercely independent donors , scholars and stakeholders worldwide has been unequivocal : No . As partisan wrangling threatens to polarize Washington to the point of paralysis , there should be at least one organization to which elected leaders and the public can turn for credible , consistent , free-market policy prescriptions . Any imagined benefits from a takeover of Cato will be more than offset by the flight of its greatest assets -- its scholars . Similarly , any attempt to direct or influence Cato initiatives will result in quick devaluation of the Cato brand . This would be devastating -- not just for Cato , but for the libertarian movement that Koch conspicuously supports . The Kochs can easily work through their activist grassroots organizations to advance their political goals . But the Cato Institute can not be just another tool to promote their interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert A. Levy .	Cato Institute has been an independent source of libertarian views for 35 years Robert Levy : If Charles Koch takes control of Cato , he 'll turn it into a partisan policy shop He says any attempt to direct Cato initiatives will result in quick devaluation of the Cato brand Levy : Cato can not be just another tool to promote the politcal agendas of Koch
London  CNN  -- A new coat of arms to represent Prince William and his wife , Catherine , as a married couple was unveiled Friday , more than two years after their televised wedding was watched by people around the globe . The new conjugal coat of arms will "  represent them in heraldic terms as a married couple , " Kensington Palace said in a news release . The coat of arms was approved by William 's grandmother , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , earlier this year but was shown publicly for the first time Friday . It follows the tradition for conjugal arms in showing the separate shields for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge side-by-side , the palace said . Prince William 's shield was given to him on his 18th birthday by the queen and shows various royal emblems from different parts of the United Kingdom , while Catherine 's shield is from the Middleton family 's coat of arms . That coat of arms was granted to Catherine 's father , Michael Middleton , in March 2011 , ahead of the couple 's April wedding , the palace said . According to the College of Arms , its three sprigs of oak , or acorns , refer to Michael Middleton 's three children and echo the oak trees that ring the area where they grew up . After her marriage , Catherine was granted her own coat of arms by the Queen -- made by placing her father 's arms beside those of her husband in what is known as an "  impaled " coat of arms . If any British citizens living in England , Northern Ireland or Wales want to follow in the Middleton family 's footsteps , they can also apply to the College of Arms in London for their own coat of arms , according to the body 's website , while Scots can apply in Edinburgh . The heraldic records held by the College of Arms stretch all the way back to the 12th century , it says .	William and Catherine have a new coat of arms to represent them as a married couple The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were married in 2011 Catherine 's father , Michael Middleton , was granted a coat of arms ahead of the wedding The new coat of arms places William and Catherine 's respective shields side by side
CNET  -- At a hacker conference no one is safe . Demographic of Defcon conference for hackers is older , wiser and employed . When I first went to Defcon in 1995 , the halls were mobbed with teenagers and attendees seemed more concerned with freeing Kevin Mitnick and seeing strippers than hacking each others ' computers . Jump forward to Defcon 17 this year , which was held over the weekend in Las Vegas , things certainly have changed . The attendees are older and wiser and employed , most of the feds are n't in stealth mode , and even the most savvy of hackers is justifiably paranoid . "  Welcome to the hacker world , " said Defcon founder Jeff Moss . The evolving demographic of Defcon attendees shows that the hacker community , like all of us , is aging . But it 's also a reflection of how the threat landscape has changed . Web site defacements have given way to much more serious risks like financial fraud and unaddressed critical infrastructure weaknesses . It 's a cornucopia of phishing e-mails , cross-site scripting attacks that poke holes in trusted Web sites , and criminals harvesting credit card numbers and selling them on the underground equivalent of eBay with guarantees of service and support . Defcon and Black Hat , the pricier and more corporate sister confab held the two days preceding Defcon  $ 120 for Defcon registration versus $ 1,395 to $ 2,095 for phased registration at Black Hat  , offer a forum for researchers to share information about vulnerabilities they find in software , hardware and systems . Targeted this year were everything from the iPhone and surveillance video feeds to e-parking meters and security underlying the Domain Name System . Vendors and users were n't the only ones who need worry . Attendees had plenty to fear and security experts themselves were n't spared . On July 27 , Web sites belonging to a handful of security researchers and groups were hacked and passwords , private e-mails , IM chats , and potentially sensitive documents were exposed on the vandalized site of security golden boy Dan Kaminsky .  Mitnick , whose jailing in the '90s for computer crimes made him a cause celebre at "  Free Kevin " benefits at Defcon at the time , was among those attacked . There were more widespread threats at the shows , too . Anyone using the Wi-Fi networks at the events had better be careful lest they get their password sniffed and posted on the Wall of Sheep . Then there was the USB thumb drive that was passed around among attendees of Black Hat that was found to be infected with the Conficker virus . Reporters who are n't nearly as geeky as the sources they interview are always easy prey . One reporter was concerned about being hacked via the local area network in the press room after a rare Blue Screen of Death crashed his laptop . Last year , three French men were expelled for sniffing the press room LAN at Black Hat . They said they had obtained eWeek 's and CNET 's passwords but failed to prove the CNET allegation . This year , three South Koreans registered as press were ejected for asking questions that led organizers to believe were on an intelligence-gathering mission instead of merely reporting , according to the IDG News Service . I had a panic of my own at Defcon this year . I was connected to the Internet using an EVDO wireless card and a virtual private network and was startled a short while later when a Web page opened up out of the blue and I noticed the VPN was disconnected . Granted it looked like a legitimate page for my wireless carrier , but not wanting to take any chances I immediately logged off . See "  Defcon : What to leave at home and other do 's and do n'ts " for tips on how to best protect yourself .  Unfortunately , I had neglected to disable the Wi-Fi on the laptop . Because Windows XP event logging is lacking , it 's not clear whether someone may have spoofed the name of a wireless network the laptop is configured to automatically connect to . Time to call the help desk . At least I did n't use any automatic teller machines at the hotel . Defcon organizers confirmed on Monday that a fake ATM was discovered in a lobby of the Riviera Hotel where the event was held , right near the hotel security office . The ruse was up after someone looked through the camera hole using a flashlight and saw a PC inside . Meanwhile , Chris Paget , a security expert who works at Google , reported on Twitter that he lost $ 200 from a compromised ATM at the Rio Hotel over the weekend . There are multiple Diebold ATMs with the skimmers inside at the Rio casino , he tweeted , later adding : "  Secret Service just called back . They 're taking it seriously , reading between the lines it seem  s  like there 's more going on here . " There is no evidence that the fake Riviera ATM was planted by anyone at Defcon , and in all likelihood the hacked Rio ATM was not associated with the hacker show . Heightening the paranoia at Defcon was the report from event organizers on Saturday that there was a confirmed Trojan on the CD the conference hands out to all attendees . The report turned out to be false . Also arousing suspicion were the Defcon badges , which featured a built-in microphone , LED , digital signal processor , and custom circuit boards designed to be hacked as part of a contest . I prudently popped the battery out of my badge after discussing the microphone capability with another journalist . Some attendees chose not to wear the badges at all , even without the battery , tucking them in satchels and digging them out every time they needed to display them . As it does every year , Defcon also had its share of stupid attendee tricks -- one arrest reportedly for carrying a concealed weapon and another for bungee jumping off the hotel roof . But those are par for the course when you mix booze and rebellious youth trying to out-impress each other . It was the other stuff -- the hacking and viruses and sniffing -- that made me and others at the show jumpy . Security guru Bruce Schneier , however , brushed it off as the mere cost of doing business . "  This is the way hackers play , " he said . "  This is the experimental battlefield . It 's not bad ; it is just what it is . Defcon has an important place in computer security . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Defcon is a forum to share info on vulnerabilities in software and hardware Attendees worried about using Wi-Fi for fear of passwords being stolen Fake ATM was spotted in hotel with a PC inside it Thumb drive with virus was passed around at conference
CNN  -- He was the first golfing superstar , and his legacy lives on more than 80 years after he made sporting history . The U.S. PGA Championship has returned to the home club of Bobby Jones , who bestrode the gentleman 's game like a colossus as an amateur in the 1920s before his shock retirement . The only man to win golf 's four major tournaments in one year , Jones founded one of his own events that is now among that pantheon -- the Masters . Not only did he buy the plot of land on which he helped build the fabled Augusta National club , the American legend was also instrumental in the move towards mass-produced metal-shafted clubs that made golf more accessible to the general public . Kaymer claims 2010 PGA Championship after last-day drama But while Jones is inextricably linked to Augusta and the Masters long after his death in 1971 , his real home is the Atlanta Athletic Club . Originally located downtown in Georgia 's capital , its course was actually the nearby East Lake Golf Club , not the present-day development in Johns Creek north of the city . "  This is his home course . You ca n't dispute the fact the Atlanta Athletic Club is his home club , and you ca n't dispute the fact that this is his home course , " East Lake general manager Rick Burton told the PGA 's official website . Jones ' family moved to a summer house near there when he was six -- he was a sickly child who could not eat solid food , according to his descendents ' business website . But he thrived at Eastlake , winning the club 's junior title at the age of nine and even beating his father in a senior final when 13 . The following year he became the youngest player to appear at the U.S. Amateur , which then -- like its British counterpart -- was one of golf 's four major tournaments . However , despite his prodigious talent , it took Jones time to make his mark as he battled his own demons . He had the "  face of an angel and the temper of a timber wolf " according to renowned sportswriter Grantland Rice . That was best illustrated at the 1921 British Open when he shocked onlookers at St. Andrews , the home of golf , by picking up his ball in disgust during a difficult third round and effectively disqualifying himself . Jones called it his "  most inglorious failure " but he subsequently became synonymous with fair play and grace , calling a two-shot penalty on himself at the 1925 U.S. Open before missing out on the title by one stroke . "  You may as well praise a man for not robbing a bank , " he reportedly said after being praised for his gesture . Jones ' breakthrough year was 1923 , when he won the U.S. Open for the first of a record four times -- triumphing in an 18-hole playoff after almost throwing away his chances with a disastrous finish to his final round . Between 1923 and his final year of competitive play , 1930 , Jones won 13 of 21 major tournaments he entered . A lawyer by trade , he rarely played anything but national championships and spent only three months of each year competing , much of that time in transit . In 1930 he finally won the British Amateur title , the first leg of his unprecedented "  Grand Slam , " and received a hero 's welcome when he returned to New York . It was his second such ticker-tape parade , having also been honored in 1926 when he won the British and U.S. Opens in the same year . "  The accomplishment of the Grand Slam assumes more importance as an example of the value of perseverance in the abstract than as a monument to skill in the playing of a game , " Jones wrote in his book "  Golf Is My Game . " "  I am certain that in those moments when the success of the project was most in doubt , the decisive factor in each case had been my ability , summoned from somewhere , to keep control of myself and to keep trying as hard as I could , even when there was no clear indication of the direction in which hope of victory might lie . " Jones , who could have embarked on a lucrative professional career , then shocked the sporting world by deciding to quit competitive golf , calling it "  a cage . " "  First you are expected to get into it and then you are expected to stay there . But of course , nobody can stay there , " he said . Jones instead began his dream of building his own course at Augusta , and made money writing golf books and making short instructional films for Hollywood studio Warner Brothers . He also helped design revolutionary standardized , numbered clubs for Spalding that bore his name for more than 40 years , which replaced the hickory Scottish-style shafts he had used so well . His family company has sold his signature equipment and clothing since 2003 . Jones served in the U.S. Army as a lieutenant colonel during World War II , but ailing health ended his playing participation at the Masters after 1948 . His best finish at his own tournament was 13th in its inaugural year 1934 , as he concentrated on his hosting duties . Additionally , he became president of the Atlanta Athletic Club as his father did half a century before him , and played a significant role in its move to Johns Creek in the 1960s . In November 1971 , just a month before his death , Jones wrote a letter to the U.S. Golf Association that led to his club 's Highlands course hosting its first major tournament , the 1976 U.S. Open . "  I should be most happy if my old club should become the host for my favorite golf tournament ... I can assure you that the championship will be royally entertained , " Jones wrote . "  I wish I could look forward to seeing you in Augusta again this fall , but I suppose my days there have about ended . " Confined to a wheelchair by long-term spinal problems , Jones passed away at the age of 69 a week before Christmas . "  That was an impactful letter , " AAC general manager Chris Borders told the PGA website . "  I 'm sure when the president of the USGA received it in 1971 he felt , ` Well I really do n't have any other choice , we have to take it to the Atlanta Athletic Club . " The club hosted the PGA Championship for the first time in 1981 , when Larry Nelson won , and most recently in 2001 as fellow American David Toms triumphed . Visitors to this week 's tournament will be greeted by a statue of Jones outside the clubhouse . "  We specifically did not pick one of him in his swing because we felt it was more important that he gave the appearance of welcoming people into the club , and one of hospitality . He was such a great gentleman , " Borders said . "  He guided the club not just with golf but with our athletic endeavors , all our dining and social activities . The club was a very important place for him to be . "	Atlanta Athletic Club will host U.S. PGA Championship for the third time this week It was the home club of golf legend Bobby Jones , who broke records 80 years ago Jones is the only golfer to win all four major tournaments in one calendar year After retiring in 1930 he built Augusta National and founded the Masters Tournament
Kobani , Syria  CNN  When violence swallows a city as wholly as it has Kobani , as in so many of Syria 's mottled cities , the fight becomes about who wins , rather than what is left for the victor . Its streets have been so ground down to the bone , that the prize -- so small but so intensely fought over -- is now unrecognizable . Every time you open your eyes in Kobani , you see the damage . INTERACTIVE : Explore the devastation of this Syrian city There are people still there , but it is hard to gauge how many . Food is scarce , as is fuel for heat . And day and night , indiscriminate , homemade mortars rain down on Kurdish homes -- ISIS borrowing a technique , it seems , from the Syrian regime , and using domestic gas canisters and junk metal to kill or maim civilians . You can hear the clank of these metal shards bouncing on the street outside as you try to sleep . Airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS -- often three thuds in rapid succession -- shake the very ground you are lying on . They have held ISIS back , but not enough for the Kurds . From what we saw , the front lines appear much more toward the city 's center than some Kurdish advocates would suggest . To the city 's west , too , ISIS fighters are nearer than sometimes advertised . This is a fight that is still in the balance . To the city 's east is the most hotly contested front line . We are led there by Meedya Raqqa , the pseudonym of a 22-year-old Kurdish female fighter . In a testament to the egalitarian way the Kurds live , she is this unit 's commander . She has been fighting ISIS for two years -- almost since the Sunni extremist group 's beginning . ISIS fighters have been as close as five yards away from her . She has lost friends here , but also made them . ' I resist to avenge their death ' "  I lost a lot of friends in this war and I resist to avenge their death , " she tells me . "  No matter the destruction in Kobani , it can be built again -- the important thing is to destroy this strange enemy that entered our land . " The hardest loss to bear is that of her closest friend Reeban early this year . The Kurds have been fighting a lot longer than coalition airstrikes have been falling . "  I lost my best friend eight months ago . She killed herself to save her friends and the injured around her , " Raqqa said . "  These are the difficult moments that we live , but I told you we gain strength from these martyrs . They are difficult moments that make you do more to avenge their death to make her dreams come true . The road she began , you finish . " The death itself was heroic and chilling . Reeban was surrounded but also injured . Her fellow fighters were too . They had used all their ammunition . "  Reeban pulled back the injured . She advanced while injured and then ISIS surrounded her . Girls are very prized by ISIS . She blew herself up . She killed a lot of them with her . Her last words to me were : ` We will liberate our land with the last drop of blood in my body . ' " Breaking the rules Amid all the machismo war usually generates , it is jarring to see the defense of this city performed by women in their early 20s . They are very emotionally in touch with each other , often hugging -- the polar opposite of ISIS ' worldview . "  Kurdish women 's resistance will show the world a new history of women in which  women  can break all the rules that have no real basis in customs or traditions , " said Raqqa . But first , the fight for Kobani . She leads us through a series of holes made in the walls of buildings rendered skeletal by the fighting in the east . One official called the city "  Kobanigrad , " after the city whose people and essence the Soviet Union 's Joseph Stalin sacrificed to make a point . Scavenged , aging weapons It is hard to know what will be left to celebrate once the fighting ends , but up on the gun position she takes us to , the intensity of the battle remains clear . Heavy machine guns try to hit ISIS in the rubble . ISIS fighters lie dead in the no-man 's land between the two front lines -- distant in their decay from the glorious death of which ISIS propaganda often talks . One navy machine gun jams repeatedly . This is a war the Kurds are still fighting with aging , scavenged weapons , even though pinpoint munitions fall from coalition jets onto their common enemy . Their fighters ' repeated plea is for better weaponry . Across no-man 's land , you can hear ISIS call out "  Alla-u-akhbar , " God is the greatest -- the group 's common rallying cry . The Kurds , also Muslims , mock it gently . Their two views of civilization are almost millennia apart , but now separated by a stretch of icy mud , increasingly smaller than they would like . CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	Weeks of fighting between Kurds and ISIS have devastated the Kurdish city of Kobani Some people remain but food and fuel are scarce and mortars rain down Female Kurdish fighters are among those battling ISIS in the shell-blasted streets "  I lost a lot of friends in this war and I resist to avenge their death , " says one fighter
CNN  A man who shot three people at a Pittsburgh-area mall Saturday has been arrested , police said Sunday . Two of the three victims were critically wounded at Monroeville Mall in Pennsylvania , authorities said . The third was in stable condition with injuries that were not life-threatening , Monroeville police Chief Kenneth "  Doug " Cole said . A motive for the shooting has not been determined . But Cole said he thinks the gunman knew one of the victims . "  We believe that one of those three people that were shot was a targeted individual , so this was not a random , " the police chief told reporters Saturday night . Allegheny County Police Lt. Andy Schurman said the two other shooting victims were apparently bystanders . "  The two innocent victims , we do n't believe were the intended targets , " he said . Schurman said the targeted victim was the most seriously wounded . The shooting took place in a Macy 's store on the lower level of the mall . Two men and a woman were shot . Witnesses at the mall , about 10 miles east of downtown Pittsburgh , described a chaotic scene . "  We were in Dick 's  Sporting Goods  , and all of sudden a whole bunch of people started running , " Madison Strohl told CNN . "  There were five shots fired right outside of the Macy 's inside the mall ... it was really scary . " Two officers were working at the mall when the shooting occurred , Cole said . The mall was locked down and evacuated , with 15 agencies helping secure stores while authorities looked for the gunman . A series of fights at the mall forced it to close temporarily in December , CNN affiliate KDKA said . "  There is a pattern here as you are well aware , " the police chief said . "  We do n't know why the mall is having the problem it 's having . " "  Back in the '90s , we had shootings down there ... associated with gangs and drug activities , " Cole said . "  Maybe that 's coming back around . " CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	Suspect arrested in shooting at Monroeville Mall near Pittsburgh Police say they think one victim was targeted and the other two were bystanders
CNN  -- The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan arrived off the coast of Japan Sunday to support Japanese forces in disaster relief operations , the U.S. Department of Defense said in a statement . More U.S. aid -- in the form of equipment , staffers and search-and-rescue teams -- was expected to arrive Sunday to address the widespread devastation caused by the 8.9-magnitude earthquake and resulting tsunami . Near Honshu , Japan , the USS Ronald Reagan will support the Japan Self-Defense Force by providing refueling operations for Japanese helicopters and transporting the island country 's troops to disaster areas , according to the Pentagon statement . Accompanying the Reagan are the guided-missile cruiser USS Chancellorsville and the destroyer USS Preble . The United States is part of a growing international effort offering relief to Japan , whose government said it had received interest from 49 countries and the European Union . In addressing a potential crisis , the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission sent two experts in boiling-water nuclear reactors to Japan as crews there flooded the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant with sea water in hopes of preventing a meltdown of its core Saturday . A concrete building surrounding the reactor experienced an explosion caused by a failed pump system Saturday , but the reactor was n't damaged , Japanese officials said . "  We have some of the most expert people in this field in the world working for the NRC and we stand ready to assist in any way possible , " NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko said in a statement . In Shiroishi , a town near the area hardest hit by the quake , two SH-60 helicopters from U.S. Naval Air Facility Atsugi delivered 1,500 pounds of rice and bread donated by people in Ebina , southeast of Tokyo , the U.S. 7th Fleet said in a statement Saturday . The fleet is headquartered in Yokosuka , just outside Tokyo . Two destroyers , the USS McCampbell and USS Curtis Wilbur , were off Japan 's Boso Peninsula , which shelters Tokyo Bay , and were preparing to assist Japanese authorities with at-sea rescue and recovery operations , the 7th Fleet said . An additional destroyer , the USS Mustin , will depart Yokosuka on Sunday . Eight other U.S. ships were en route to Japan from various locations , set to arrive Sunday or later in the week , according to the 7th Fleet . One , the USS Tortuga , departed Japan on Saturday night to pick up two helicopters in South Korea and would return in about two days . Three ships composing the USS Ronald Reagan Carrier Strike Group also are among the eight ships , the military said . Meanwhile , the III Marine Expeditionary Force , based on the island of Okinawa , south of Japan , said it was "  prepositioning forces and supplies in support of humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations . " The force was sending staffers , a cargo aircraft and transport helicopters to the mainland , it said in a written statement . Additional aircraft and supplies will be sent in the next few days . The military assistance operation is known as Operation Tomodachi , or "  friendship , " the statement said . The name was chosen by the Japanese . U.S. Forces Japan , based at Yokota Air Base near Tokyo , is the lead military command for coordinating humanitarian assistance , the military said . Shortly after the quake struck , the air base was designated as an alternate airfield for flights that could not land at Tokyo 's Narita Airport , and it received a handful of commercial flights . A total of 570 passengers and 29 crew members were taken to the Taiyo Community Center , where they received food , water , lodging and bedding overnight , the air base said in a statement . The base itself converted a facility into a shelter for another 600 people . "  We have units from all of our services , with a multitude of capabilities , from medical to communications to civil engineering , poised and ready to support where needed , " John Roos , U.S. ambassador to Japan , told reporters Saturday . "  The bottom line : Our military is working closely with their Japanese counterparts to support where requested and needed . " The U.S. Agency for International Development said it was deploying two urban search-and-rescue teams , one from Fairfax County , Virginia , and the second from Los Angeles County . The Virginia team departed Washington on Saturday and was stopping in Los Angeles to pick up the second team . Both teams -- composed of 150 people and 12 canines trained to find survivors -- are set to arrive Monday morning in Misawa , Japan , where they will "  immediately begin the search for live victims " alongside Japanese and other international teams , USAID said . Journalists , including two CNN staffers , are traveling with the teams . Much of the teams ' gear was shipped ahead . The kits include sophisticated detection equipment such as cameras and listening devices , as well as jackhammers and giant saws for use in freeing trapped people . The Virginia team is also bringing swift-water rescue specialists and four inflatable boats . The dogs , meanwhile , are traveling in seats alongside their handlers on the 767 . They include Cadillac , a Labrador who worked with Los Angeles Fire Department Capt. Jasmine Segura to find victims after the earthquake in Haiti last year . Others have worked in Turkey and elsewhere . A USAID Disaster Assistance Response team is already in Japan , the agency said . The Federal Emergency Management Agency and its partner agencies are on standby in case their assistance is needed , the agency said Friday . California Gov. Jerry Brown said in a news release that he has "  directed California 's Emergency Management Agency to make state resources available to the Japanese government . " Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig even promised assistance from the major league . Citing "  our shared love of baseball for more than a century , " Selig said in a statement that Japan is "  a particularly special place to us " and that the league will provide aid in the coming days and weeks . The American Red Cross is communicating with the Japanese Red Cross Society and its global partners , according to a statement from the agency . So far , the American Red Cross has not received any requests for blood . The organization is encouraging people with loved ones in Japan to use the Red Cross "  Safe and Well " website , an online tool that helps families connect during natural disasters and emergencies . On Friday , President Barack Obama pledged to help the island country . "  I offer our Japanese friends whatever assistance is needed , " he said . "  Today 's events remind us how fragile life can be . " Roos said that as of Saturday , there had been no confirmed reports of U.S. citizens killed or seriously injured in Japan . "  We know that many people are worried about the welfare of their friends and families who are here in Japan , " he said . "  We understand also that some telephone landlines have been interrupted . Of course , we are recommending that people continue to contact loved ones here in Japan by e-mail , text , SMS message or social media . " On Friday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offered "  immediate disaster relief assistance " and added the United States is working closely with the Japanese government . Roos echoed those comments Saturday . The State Department on Friday issued an alert against nonessential travel to Japan . The alert also said strong aftershocks are likely "  for weeks " and included instructions for what to do if caught in an earthquake or aftershock . Earlier , American Airlines told CNN that it would resume flights into Japan on Saturday . Both American and Delta Airlines canceled flights to Tokyo on Friday . It was unclear if flights to other Japanese airports also were affected . In addition , Delta , United and Continental airlines announced they were waiving change fees for people whose travel plans involving Japan were affected by the disaster . At the State Department , Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Janice Jacobs said a 24-hour consular task force has been set up to help Americans affected by the earthquake . Americans in Japan who need help , or people seeking information about a loved one in Japan , can send an e-mail to japanemergencyusc@state.gov, Jacobs said . Americans outside Japan but in tsunami-affected areas who need help , or people seeking information about an American in affected areas outside Japan , can e-mail pacifictsunamiusc@state.gov, she said . A telephone information line also has been set up at 1-888-407-4747 , said Jacobs , who encouraged people to use the e-mail options if possible . When seeking information about Americans in Japan or other affected areas , Jacobs said , people should provide the full name , birth date and location of the person , as well as any pre-existing medical conditions , and if they are elderly or a child . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Dugald McConnell and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Aid begins arriving in Japan in the form of food and equipment Warships are on their way to bring humanitarian aid and assistance Two search-and-rescue teams are to arrive Sunday morning A U.S. disaster response team is already in Japan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The parent company of Apple 's biggest parts supplier , Taiwan-based Hon Hai Precision Industry , also known as Foxconn , had a 19.2 % drop in revenue during the first quarter as iPhone orders slowed down faster than expected . Hon Hai reported first quarter 2013 revenue of nearly $ 27 billion , down from $ 33.4 billion during the same period last year , according to company reports . Hon Hai 's share price fell 0.25 % by mid-day trading Thursday . The company 's share price has fallen nearly 9 % year-to-date . Richard Lai , Editor-in-chief for Engadget China , says that increased competition in the smartphone market suggests an overreliance on Apple behind Foxconn woes . "  If you go along the streets now , a lot of people are holding a Samsung device more than an Apple device . Many people are getting bored with the iPhone look or frustrated with the iPhone 's battery life . On the other hand , Samsung has been offering better battery life and bigger screens . " In 2012 , Samsung toppled Apple as the world 's largest smartphone maker . According to IDC , Samsung held 29 % global market share in the fourth quarter of 2012 ; Apple trailed at number two with 21.8 % . As for Hon Hai 's sales slump , Lai points out the company has other businesses that may not be doing well . "  In China , they have Cybermart , a chain of retail stores that sells electronics . Hon Hai also sells an HDTV , under the Radio Shack brand , " Lai said . "  But until Hon Hai releases its next earnings report we wo n't be able to know ... about where they 've failed . " Apple is scheduled to report first quarter earnings on April 23 . Apple 's share price is down 18 % year-to-date .	Foxconn reports 19.2 % drop in revenue during the first quarter on slower iPhone orders Editor-in-chief for Engadet China says Foxconn may be too reliant on Apple Samsung toppled Apple as the world 's largest smartphone maker in 2012 Apple scheduled to report first quarter earnings on April 23
The House recently approved the budget designed by Rep. Paul Ryan , a leading contender for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . Ryan claimed that his budget is balanced and "  harnesses the power of economic freedom and respects the dignity of every person . " But the problem is that it fails on basic math and will likely put Washington back in the budget wars . Moreover , it signals that Ryan has big ambitions , including running for president . Will Ryan 's budget plan help him succeed ? It 's hard to say . Americans want members of Congress to work together . In a CNN poll after Obama 's State of the Union address , 67 % said they want "  bipartisan compromise with Congress on major issues . " Ryan 's budget rejects compromise in favor of appealing to hard core Republican values . The House 's passage of Ryan 's budget indicates that we are being dragged back into ideological battles that most Americans reject . This budget wo n't go anywhere in the Senate , as it breaks last year 's fragile compromises that avoided a government shutdown and threatened a dangerous default of America 's debt . Passing this budget also means Congress will pass very few or no appropriations bills , with lawmakers posturing and casting symbolic votes as the 2014 midterm elections approach . Unlike the current budget deal that was reached last fall , which cuts defense and domestic spending equally , Ryan would increase military spending and provide large tax cuts for millionaires , with deep cuts in non-defense spending footing the bill . But the House can not cut enough discretionary spending to fund Ryan 's budget . So it attacks Obamacare , Medicare and Social Security , with a plan to increase the Medicare eligibility age and turn it into a voucher program . Breaking America 's health and income security programs is the long-term political game for Republicans . The smarter ones know they can not achieve budget balance and more tax cuts for the wealthy by cutting only domestic discretionary spending , which is just under 17 % of the total federal budget . So they attack entitlements . How can Ryan claim that his budget is balanced ? By invoking what used to be called "  voodoo economics " -- assuming budget cuts and unfair tax cuts will unleash economic growth and generate adequate tax revenue . Former Reagan administration economist Bruce Bartlett has criticized this approach as "  just another way for Republicans to enact tax cuts and block tax increases . It is not about honest revenue-estimating ; it 's about using smoke and mirrors to institutionalize Republican ideology into the budget process . " Of course , Paul Ryan is n't stupid , so why the phony budget math and the return of voodoo economics ? Because it serves his presidential ambitions . Ryan 's budget satisfies two wings of Republican true believers -- budget balancers , and anti-tax zealots who want not only no new taxes , but further tax cuts for the wealthy . These groups used to fight with each other about deficits , but modern Republican politics have united the two positions . Since Ryan 's budget will not likely pass the Senate , it is really an attempt to strengthen him in the 2016 Republican primaries , where candidates will ignore basic math and pretend they can balance the budget solely through spending cuts and still have money left over for regressive tax cuts . This is a key Republican battle , and the shocking response is that other Republican conservatives say Ryan did n't go far enough . Sarah Palin called Ryan 's plan a "  joke , " because it does not deal adequately with "  wasteful government overspending . " When it comes to basic math , the Republican budget debate reminds one of the movie , "  Dumb and Dumber , " or "  Phony and Phonier . " And compared to Sarah Palin , Paul Ryan might in fact look like a reasonable budget analyst . But his ideas are deeply dangerous . Even if you think balancing the budget is the most important economic challenge we face  it is n't  the numbers simply do n't add up . True budget balancers and fiscal conservatives , who would be looking for both spending cuts and increased revenue , have virtually been driven out of today 's Republican Party . This happened in Kansas where moderate Republicans worried that deep tax cuts would harm the state 's finances and gut basic services like education . But they were defeated in primary elections by more strident Tea Partiers , backed by the deep pockets of the Koch brothers and other big money interests . So Ryan 's budget is best viewed as his opening shot in the 2016 presidential contest . To win the nomination , he must appeal to the most uncompromising elements in his party . Sanity once again is playing second fiddle to intra-party Republican battles , and those battles could drag all of us back into the divisive and unproductive budget wars of the past several years .	The House recently approved the budget designed by Rep. Paul Ryan Rick McGahey : Ryan 's proposal fails on basic math and will restart budget wars He says Ryan is signaling his presidential ambitions by appealing to GOP radicals McGahey : Republican intra-party battles continue while moderates lose out
Washington  CNN  -- Actress Daryl Hannah was arrested Tuesday during a sit-in in front of the White House protesting a pipeline expansion project that would significantly increase the amount of oil the United States imports from Canada 's controversial Alberta oil sands . The "  Splash " actress was among more than 100 people arrested at the demonstration , according to the group that organized the protest . "  We stand here today to just say no to slavery , to just say no to tar , sands , oil , and no to the Keystone pipeline , " Hannah said before her arrest . A representative for the actress was unaware of the arrest when contacted by CNN Tuesday afternoon . The State Department is set to issue what could be a final ruling to allow a massive new pipeline expansion from central Alberta to the Gulf of Mexico . A decision is expected by the end of the year , State Department spokeswoman Heide Fulton said at a briefing last month . Known as Keystone , the project is an expansion of an existing pipeline that now terminates in Oklahoma . Stretching over 1,600 miles -- twice the length of the Trans-Alaska system -- the new pipeline would be one of the biggest in the country . Canada 's oil sands have drawn numerous critics who say the way the oil is extracted harms the environment .	A sit-in was held in front of the White House on Tuesday Hannah was among demonstrators protesting plans for an oil pipeline expansion The State Department is expected to rule on the issue by the end of the year
CNN  -- "  The dignity of the American presidency has been tarnished ! Congress must investigate . Let 's make sure this type of tragedy never happens again . And how do we know that was really Beyonce ? Maybe it was a hologram or a body double ! " The above are just the  slightly  exaggerated responses of some in the cybersphere to the revelation that Beyonce Knowles might have lip-synced all or part of the national anthem at Monday 's presidential inauguration . There are simply too many people in this country who go from zero to  faux  outrage in a matter of nanoseconds . Just look at Twitter and you will see the overuse of capital letters by people who feel CHEATED and ROBBED by the possibility of Beyonce 's prerecorded performance . The U.S. Marine Band , which provided the musical accompaniment for Beyonce , is neither confirming nor denying that she lip-synced to a prerecorded track , although earlier a spokeswoman said the pop star "  did not actually sing . " The Marine Band did explain that Beyonce , like all singers at the inauguration , made a recording of the song she was scheduled to sing which would be played "  in case of freezing temperatures , equipment failure or extenuating circumstances . " To be honest , if Beyonce did lip sync the entire song she should be nominated for an Emmy award for outstanding acting in a TV Special , because it looked amazingly real . And I worked at "  Saturday Night Live " in 2004 when Ashlee Simpson had her infamous lip-syncing meltdown so I have seen up close the horrors of bad lip-syncing . It 's not that I 'm unsympathetic to those who wanted to experience Beyonce singing live . There 's truly no substitute for live performances .  Although on nights when I 'm tired , I wish I could lip-sync some of my jokes to a prerecorded track , but alas , that 's not allowed in my field -- yet .  And true , Kelly Clarkson sang a great version of "  My Country 'T is of Thee " live at the inauguration . However , to those outraged by the thought of Beyonce 's possible lip-syncing , you need to keep a few things in mind . First , there 's no dispute that was Beyonce 's voice we heard . This is n't a Milli Vanilli type scandal where a singer lip-synced to songs actually sung by others . Secondly , performing to prerecorded tracks has been done at previous presidential inaugurals as well as at other big outdoor events because of audio concerns posed by weather conditions or technical issues . Indeed , at President Obama 's 2009 inauguration , music legend Yo-Yo Ma mimicked playing his cello to a prerecorded track because the frigid weather would have made it too difficult to play live in tune . And at the 2012 Olympic games in London , the majority of musical performances in the opening and closing ceremonies were performed to prerecorded tracks , including ones by iconic bands like The Who and the Rolling Stones , because of acoustic issues with the outdoor venue .  Audience members were told well in advance that some songs would not be performed live .  Obviously , this is not an uncommon practice in special situations . Plus , this is clearly different than if people had paid to see Beyonce in concert and she lip-synced most , if not all , of her songs . That would have been wrong , just as it was when Britney Spears did it during her 2009 tour . In fact , Britney 's overuse of lip-syncing so angered people in Australia that lawmakers there actually considered passing a law requiring that concertgoers be informed if parts of a show will be lip-synced . Beyonce has n't responded about whether she did lip-sync . If she did , it could have been for a very valid reason , such as concerns about the weather or acoustics , or maybe nerves -- even superstars must get a little nervous when they see a crowd of close to a million people . Unfortunately for Beyonce , this issue will not go away quickly , because she 's scheduled to perform in less than two weeks during the Super Bowl halftime show . There 's no doubt reporters will hound her regarding whether she will be singing live or not . But to me , the real question people should be asking is : Who is going to win the Super Bowl ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Beyonce might have lip-synced the national anthem at Obama 's inauguration Dean Obeidallah : Too many people go from zero to  faux  outrage in seconds He says performing to prerecorded tracks has been done at previous inaugurals Obeidallah : It 's not uncommon for pop stars to lip-sync at very big outdoor events
CNN  -- Jhonattan Vegas has made history at the Bob Hope Classic , winning a three-man play-off on the Palmer course at La Quinta to become the first Venezuelan in history to claim a PGA Tour title . The 26-year-old Vegas , who was making just his fifth appearance on tour , made a 13-foot par putt on the second play-off hole to defeat Gary Woodland , after defending champion Bill Haas had been eliminated on the first play-off hole . After missing a nine-foot putt that would have secured victory on the final hole of regulation play , Vegas then improbably became the first rookie to win the 52-year-old tournament with a spectacular up-and-down after knocking his 92nd tee shot into the water 160-yards from the hole . "  Just to think about winning on the PGA Tour , that 's one thing , " Vegas told the official PGA Tour website . "  But to actually make it happen -- that is something else , and it 's a crazy feeling , " he added . "  I hope this means a lot to my country . I really hope it means people changing their minds about the sport , " continued Vegas -- who collected a near $ 1m winner 's cheque as well as a two-year Tour exemption and an invitation to the Masters in April . Vegas ' win is expected to boost his desire to revive golf in Venezuela , where President Hugo Chavez has decried the sport as a pastime of the rich and has closed six courses in seven years . "  I hope Venezuelans know about the story and that it is possible to get to the PGA Tour and win , " Vegas added . "  I hope people realize that all over the world . " Haas , who was trying to become the first back-to-back Bob Hope champion since Johnny Miller in 1976 , fired a final round 66 in the 90-hole tournament . That meant he finished level with Vegas and Woodland , who both carded 69s , on a 27-under-par total of 233 .	Jhonattan Vegas , 26 , makes history by winning the Bob Hope Classic The victory means Vegas becomes the first Venezuelan to win a PGA Tour event Vegas defeats Gary Woodland and defending champion Bill Haas in a play-off The win means Vegas has a two-year Tour exemption and an invitation to The Masters
Yakutat , Alaska  CNN  -- Residents of towns in the Alaska Panhandle have begun picking up plastic bottles , chunks of foam insulation and floating buoys from Japan 's 2011 tsunami . "  This is urethane spray building foam , " Chris Pallister , president of the conservation group Gulf of Alaska Keeper , said as he picked through trash on Montague Island , about 200 miles north of Juneau . "  We just never got much of that before . But if you walk up and down this beach , you see big chunks . " Hi-res photo gallery : Japan tsunami debris reaches Alaska The foam comes from the walls of buildings that were smashed to splinters by the wall of water that slammed into Japan 's northeastern coast after the March 2011 earthquake that left nearly 16,000 known dead . The wreckage was swept out to sea when the wave receded and has drifted 4,000 miles across the northern Pacific in the 14 months since then . Japanese man claims motorcycle that washed up in Canada Volunteers like Pallister have been trekking out to remote areas like Montague Island to help clean up the beaches . But they 're worried they 'll be overwhelmed by the sheer volume of wreckage -- estimated at 1.5 million tons -- believed to be headed toward North American shores . Japanese officials estimate up to 70 % of the tsunami wreckage has sunk . But the rest , ranging in size from children 's toys to a squid trawler sunk by the U.S. Coast Guard off Alaska in April , has been turning up off the United States and Canada for more than a month . Soccer ball washed up in Alaska traced to tsunami-hit area of Japan It 's the little pieces of Styrofoam that worry conservationists like Pallister , who says there may be billions of them out there . "  Albatross and sea birds eat this stuff like crazy , and it 's killing the hell out of them , " he said . Alaskans have been asking for help from the federal government . But the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration said last week it does n't have the budget to clean up remote areas . NOAA 's marine debris program is facing a 25 % cut under the budget the Obama administration has submitted to Congress -- so the cleanup may become the problem of cash-strapped states , already struggling to make ends meet . Research ship finds the world 's oceans are ` plasticized ' At a Senate hearing last week , the head of NOAA 's Ocean Service , David Kennedy , said the bulk of the debris was n't expected to hit until 2013 . But he said it was "  incredibly expensive " to clean up . "  You got to have ships to get out there , " Kennedy said . "  You got to have people , then you got to have some place to do away with it ... We ca n't begin to touch , especially in remote areas , if there is substantial new amounts of debris , what 's going to be required to remove it . " Alaska Sen. Mark Begich , the chairman of the Senate Commerce subcommittee that held the hearing , said NOAA 's position was "  somewhat frustrating . " "  The role of the federal government in emergencies is to assist states , not just say , ` It 's your responsibility , good luck , ' because that 's not acceptable , " Begich , a Democrat , told Kennedy . Have you encountered any debris from the tsunami ? Share your photos and videos on CNN iReport !	"  If you walk up and down this beach , you 'll see big chunks , " Alaska man says NOAA says it does n't have the budget to clean remote areas Tsunami debris could be washing ashore for a year , NOAA says
EW.com  -- Jeremy McGuire , the 23-year-old "  boat shop associate " from Texas was evicted from the Big Brother house last night . And even though Julie Chen went easy on him during his exit interview , we did n't think he should be able to walk away without answering some questions . Entertainment Weekly : How 's it going , Jeremy ? Jeremy McGuire : It 's going as good as it can be . I mean , I got evicted , so it 's kind of a bummer . EW : How much did you know that you were getting evicted ? You seemed when you gave your final speech to the house to know that it was kind of a fait accompli . McGuire : Yeah , I mean it 's a small house and word gets around quick , so I mean , I knew at the beginning of the week . And even though I tried to make as many deals as possible , they knew that the only way to get me out was to backdoor me so they took the opportunity . EW : I mean , can you blame them ? McGuire : No , I ca n't blame them . I mean , it 's a game , and I respect everybody 's game , and to be honest with you , if they did n't get me out then , they probably would n't have been able to get me out later . EW : Yeah , it 's true . I 'm sure you have n't had time to go back and watch , but it almost seemed like Helen and Elissa might 've been ready to make a deal with you . At what point after you had that talk with them in the HOH room , did you know that 's not going to work ? McGuire : Ah , well , I was making deals all the way up to the last day , so I did n't know until the last day . But , Helen had enough respect for me to come up and let me know that none of the deals were gon na be made and I just had that gut feeling . EW : Were you surprised that GinaMarie was one of the people to vote you out ? McGuire : No , actually . I told her beforehand to vote with the house so that she could be in a better position . I mean , I knew I was going with or without her vote . It made her cry , but she 's a good girl , and I did n't want to ruin her game . EW : No offense , but anything makes her cry . McGuire : Yes . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- That 's very true . She wears her heart on her sleeve . EW : What was up with all the tears ? McGuire : This was a very emotional cast . I feel like there was a lot of high emotions , and that house is a pressure cooker , so I think it just made everything a little bit worse . EW : I think had Kaitlin not used her power of veto , you both would actually still be in the house . I think that Aaryn would 've gone home . I do n't think people would 've taken it out on Kaitlin for not using it . What 's your sense of what might have happened ? McGuire : I do n't know . From what we were told , if she did n't use it , she would be going home , so we felt that it would be stupid for her not to use it . I mean , everybody told her that she would either have to use it or she 'd be going home because everyone would vote her out for keeping me here . So we did what we had to do at the time that we had to do it . EW : Did you ever think about playing her and somehow telling her that that was n't the case , so that she would keep you and she would go ? McGuire : Ah no . You know , I 'm not gon na lie , I fell hard for her , and I did n't want to ruin her game at all . I mean , I would 've used it on myself , so I told her to use it on herself . EW : So like you said a couple minutes ago , the house was a real pressure cooker this season , and it 's been an incredibly controversial season . How much were you told after you left the house about some of the things people have been saying about the racism and the homophobia and the anti-Semitism and the sexism that 's gone on among the contestants ? McGuire : Yeah , I was warned a little bit about some of the things . They told me that it 's been a pretty hectic time outside the house , but I have n't gotten in to too many specifics , so I could n't really tell you too much . But I know who I am , and I know that no matter what anybody says , it 's not going to change my feelings about myself . So bring it on is all I have to say . EW : I have n't been watching the feeds . I 've just been watching the show , but there have been a lot of people that have been watching the feeds , and they 've been reporting things that several the contestants â $ " among you â $ " have said and there have been some homophobic and racist and sexist things that you 've said . Do you have anything to say about that ? EW : ` Big Brother ' adds disclaimer for prejudice McGuire : Yeah , I 'm not racist , sexist , or homophobic , so I mean , I guess everything can be taken out of context . Everybody in there was friendly with everybody and we were n't scared to say it in front of each other , so I 'm sure it was just twisted and turned in a way to entertain . But I guess we 'll just have to wait and see . EW : Well , I do n't know how much some of these words can be twisted or misinterpreted . I think it 's difficult to misconstrue hate speech , but what was it like watching some of the things that Aaryn did , like flip over a bed or call Candice "  Shaniqua " or things like that ? McGuire : I mean , it was crazy , do n't get me wrong . It was an emotional roller-coaster , and I just had to sit back and watch for most of it . But being there was kind of surreal regardless of what was going on . Everything kind of seemed unreal to me , so it really has n't hit me yet to be honest with you . EW : When we talked to Nick after he got voted out , he said that on some level when you 're playing a game you do n't want to rock the boat , but then you do n't want to be that person who just stands by idly while someone is making such racial slurs and just saying some really unfathomable things . Did that factor in at all for you ? McGuire : Yeah , yeah . You know , I -- like you said , you do n't want to rock the boat . I did n't want to get on anybody 's bad side , and if it was n't effecting me or at me personally , I did n't really want to jump into it . There 's probably some times I should 've stepped in and said , "  Calm down , " but it 's a really crazy time . It 's really completely different than you would ever think , so I just sat back and enjoyed the show , I guess . EW : How do you think Kaitlin is going to react to a certain term you used to describe a private part of hers ? McGuire : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I do n't know because I do n't know what you 're talking about . But hopefully , she reacts well . EW : I guess you 'll see . So what 's next for you ? You 're moving back to the boat ? McGuire : Yeah , I 'm going back to the boat . Got ta continue my sailing and hopefully , sail around South America soon . EW : ` Big Brother ' contestant loses job over racist comments EW : Yeah ? With Kaitlin maybe ? McGuire : Ah . I do n't know ` bout all that , but we 'll see . EW : Who do you think is most likely to last longer as a relationship : you and Kaitlin or Amanda and McCrae ? McGuire : I think me and Kaitlin will . Amanda 's got a man at home , so we 'll see about that . EW : Oh , really ? Does McCrae know that ? McGuire : She 's got a boyfriend at home . She might not anymore , but she did . EW : So you told Julie , you walked in one guy and walked out another . How so ? McGuire : I walked in this cocky , arrogant man , and I walked out a little bit humbler . EW : And yet you walked out saying , "  I 'm a champion when I eat , sleep , and poop . " McGuire : Yes . I am a champion when I eat , sleep , and poop . EW : That 's humility . McGuire : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I am a champion through and through , and that 's why I could n't throw anything and I had to win 'em all . And even though I did n't win the game , I walked out with my head high , and I tried my best . EW : Yeah . Well you were definitely a super-strong physical player . I think that they made the right move by getting rid of you now because you could 've just dominated in competitions . McGuire : Exactly . I feel the same way . Thank you . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	McGuire became the third contestant evicted from "  Big Brother " He says he 's "  not racist , sexist , or homophobic " McGuire said he hopes to sail around South America soon
CNN  -- How 's the broadband access in your community -- or perhaps in other places where you 'd like to live , work or send your kids to school ? Now you can look that information up via an interactive National Broadband Map , unveiled February 17 by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration and the Federal Communications Commission . It 's one way to understand the current state of the digital divide . Broadband internet access is one of the main tools for businesses and people to get ahead or , increasingly , to access many basic services . But not all Americans have broadband access . In fact , a new telecommunications administration report , Digital Nation 2010 , says that about one-third of U.S. households still lack a broadband internet connection . Furthermore , 5 % to 10 % of Americans only have access to internet services that are too slow to even support a basic set of online functions , such as downloading Web pages , photos or video . Mobile broadband is a huge part of the future of internet access , which is why the Obama administration is pushing for its National Wireless Initiative , which would expand wireless broadband networks to cover where 98 % of Americans live . However , ubiquitous availability is not the same thing as equitable access , and lax federal net neutrality requirements for wireless carriers might especially hinder the internet experience for cost-conscious mobile users . According to the telecommunications administration , 36 % of Americans "  have access to wireless internet service at maximum advertised download speeds of 6 Mbps or greater , which some consider the minimum speed associated with ' 4G ' wireless broadband service . " The catch is that often mobile users never actually see those maximum advertised speeds , as Ars Technica reported last year . Most users who run network speed tests on their phones  something you can do with most smartphones and some other phones  , typically see considerably lower actual speeds much of the time . The National Broadband Map is based on data "  collected from broadband providers or other data sources , " so it may be interesting to compare this map with the crowdsourced cell coverage maps I wrote about earlier this week . Those are based on data about signal strength and network speed collected from mobile users ' phones running apps such as Open Signal Maps or RootMetrics . The vast majority -- 95 % -- of Americans live in places that at least have access to 3G-speed wireless networks , with advertised minimum speeds of at least 768 Kbps . But increasingly , that 's not enough to really be considered "  wireless broadband . " The National Broadband Map , says the telecommunications administration , "  includes more than 25 million searchable records showing where broadband internet service is available , the technology used to provide the service , the maximum advertised speeds of the service and the names of the service providers . Users can search by address to find the broadband providers and services available in the corresponding census block or road segment , view the data on a map or use other interactive tools to compare broadband across various geographies , such as states , counties or congressional districts . " It might also be interesting to consider the implications of local demographics , which can easily be explored via The New York Times ' interactive map of U.S. Census data . In some cases , there are interesting correlations between the broadband options available in an area and the race , income or education level of the people who live there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	5 % to 10 % in U.S. have access to internet too slow to support basic functions The federal government offers an online map for tracking where fast internet is available Mobile broadband sometimes does not reach advertised speeds
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Airline passengers who were trapped on tarmacs "  like sardines in a can " had their opportunity to air their grievances Tuesday at an unofficial Capitol Hill hearing that shared some of the characteristics of those flights . The hearing was sponsored by advocates of the Airline Passenger Bill of Rights . The hearing was overbooked : The room had more participants than seats . The take-off was slightly delayed : The hearings started five minutes late . And , appropriately , it lasted more than three hours , the maximum time passenger advocates say people should be confined on the ground . The hearing was sponsored by advocates of the Airline Passenger Bill of Rights , which would require airlines to give passengers the option of leaving a plane after it has sat on the ground for three hours . The proposal , which lacked adequate support in 2007 and 2008 , has gained steam this year because of several highly publicized incidents , including a nearly six-hour overnight wait involving a regional jet in Rochester , Minnesota . "  We were not offered food . We were not offered water , " said Link Christin , one of 47 passengers on the Rochester plane . "  The toilet broke at about 3 o'clock in the morning , and it was impossible to sleep . Either Baby One cried , or Baby Two cried , or my foot got stepped on by somebody going to the bathroom . " "  People have asked me , ` Why did n't you do something ? ' " he said . "  As a practical matter , you 're a little bit in shock ; you 're in survival mode . You 're being told every hour that you 're going to get off . ... There was always a carrot in front of us that we think is going to get us off the plane . And I suggest to you that that 's why 47 people did not mutiny that evening . " The star witness for the passenger advocates was Robert Crandall , former chairman and chief executive of American Airlines , who spoke in support of the three-hour limit . "  We can and we should solve the problem of extraordinarily long tarmac delay by imposing reasonable obligations on the airlines and other agencies that make up our aviation system , " Crandall said . But he added that he favors a looser four-hour limit until 2011 to give the industry time to adjust operating procedures . Crandall said the industry 's resistance to the rule is rooted in its "  preoccupation with safety . " The industry resists any change "  that is not fully understood and has not been thought through in every detail , " he said . He said he believes that the rule can be made without affecting safety . While saying that lengthy tarmac delays can have significant impacts on individuals , he said the problem is statistically small . In the first seven months of this year , only 776 of 3.8 million flights -- or 0.02 percent -- experienced tarmac delays of more than three hours , he said . Sen. Barbara Boxer , sponsor of the Airline Passenger Bill of Rights , called her bill "  extremely modest , " saying many passenger advocates want even tighter time limits . The rule would give pilots discretion to keep passengers on board longer than three hours for safety reasons , such as lightning storms , or if the pilot believed that the plane would take off shortly . But two hearing participants testified that a three-hour rule could worsen the situation , increasing the number of canceled flights . "  I do n't believe the three-hour rule will actually change things very much at all , given the small number of affected flights , " said Amy Cohn , an associate professor at the University of Michigan . "  And when it does change things , I think some passengers may be helped , and others may be harmed . " If one passenger insists on being released , Cohn said , the plane would return to the terminal , possibly delaying departure for everyone else on the plane . Cohn said the focus on extremely lengthy delays is also diverting attention from the more pressing problem of routine delays . If Congress fixed routine delays , it would help alleviate lengthy delays , she said . Tuesday 's hearing was sponsored by FlyersRights.org and the Business Travel Coalition . And though it was held in a House of Representatives office building , it was not an official House hearing . Writers and editors for travel industry publications took the place of members of Congress in questioning the witnesses . Organizers said the top airline industry organization declined to participate .	Unofficial Capitol Hill hearing addressed concerns over long tarmac delays Bill sponsored by Sen. Barbara Boxer would allow fliers to deplane after three hours Former American Airlines CEO spoke in support of three-hour limit Another witness said routine delays are more pressing issue
CNN  -- The president of Liberia spoke Friday on the sexual assault of an 8-year-old Liberian refugee in Phoenix , Arizona , decrying reports that the parents believe their family has been shamed by the girl . President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf says the girl , her family and the alleged rapists should receive counseling . "  This is not a question of shame on the family . It is the question of an assault on a young child . That can not be tolerated , " said President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , speaking by telephone . Police have charged four boys , ages 9 to 14 , in the case . The boys also are Liberian refugees . "  We are so saddened , " Sirleaf said . "  We are deeply distressed at this behavior on the part of our young Liberians and very saddened at this 8-year-old child who has been so victimized . " Phoenix police say the boys used an offer of chewing gum to lure the girl to a storage shed at an apartment complex on July 16 . There , they allege , the four boys restrained and sexually assaulted her . The 14-year-old was charged as an adult Thursday and will face two counts of sexual assault and one count of kidnapping . The other three boys were charged in juvenile court with sexual assault , and two of them also were charged with kidnapping , Thomas said . Speaking from Liberia , Sirleaf said the family 's reaction to the incident is wrong . "  They should help that child who has been traumatized , " she said . She suggested the family members "  need serious counseling because , clearly , they are doing something that is no longer acceptable in our society here . " She also called upon Phoenix authorities to counsel the alleged attackers . "  They have to pay the penalty , but we also want to make sure that they are counseled ... that they will have an opportunity to change and become useful citizens , not only in the United States but when they return home . " Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents ' attitude toward her . "  The parents felt that they had been shamed or embarrassed by their child , " Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill said Thursday . Tony Weedor -- co-founder of the CenterPoint International Foundation , which aids Liberians in the United States and provides aid for those still in Liberia -- agreed with Hill . He said rape was not against the law in Liberia until 2006 . "  The family -LSB- believes they -RSB- have been shamed by her ... and they 're more concerned about that than the crime , " he said . Sirleaf said the family should not be concerned about that . "  Let me say very clearly that rape is a problem in Liberia also . There is a strong law regarding that , " she said . Milton Barnes , Liberia 's ambassador to the United States , said he also will step in to help the victim . "  Our primary concern is this child , " he said . "  We intend to work with the authorities and the family to make sure she is safe , protected and there is certain sensitivity exercised towards her . " Edwin Sele , the deputy ambassador , also responded to the incident . "  Having heard the story myself , I 'm outraged , " he said . "  In Liberia , the family and law enforcement officers would be embracing the victim . To hear that the family is not doing that , that should be an isolated case . " Hill said Thursday that protective services officers would "  determine what 's going to happen -LSB- to the girl -RSB- in the days ahead . "	President Sirleaf speaks about Arizona sexual assault of refugee , 8 Four boys , ages 9 to 14 , also refugees , are charged in the case Sirleaf says , "  This is not a question of shame on the family " Liberia 's ambassador to U.S. says he will join efforts to help the girl
CNN Student News  -- December 5 , 2013 Which former Soviet republic finds itself at a crossroads between Western Europe and Russia ? How might a major American city 's bankruptcy affect current and retired employees ? Why do some animal activists want certain human rights extended to another species ? CNN Student News explores the answers in Thursday 's program . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might it be important for a journalist to seek multiple perspectives on a controversial story ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Soviet Union 2 . bankruptcy 3 . habeas corpus Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How did Ukraine become an independent country ? What was it a part of before its independence ? Why is Ukraine divided politically ? 2 . What are some reasons why the city of Detroit has filed for bankruptcy ? According to the report : What might be some effects of Detroit 's bankruptcy declaration ? What could happen if the city does not declare bankruptcy ? 3 . How are chimpanzees classified : as monkeys , apes or lemurs ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Is protesting an effective form of influencing political change ? Why or why not ? What diplomatic solutions do you think could be sought in a nation like Ukraine ? 2 . What do you think might be the short-term and long-term benefits and drawbacks of a city declaring bankruptcy ? Do you think Detroit will regain its former status as an important American manufacturing center ? Why or why not ? Do you think the city should declare bankruptcy ? Explain . 3 . Would you define a chimpanzee as a "  person " ? Why or why not ? Do you think that chimpanzees should have some of the same rights as humans ? What might be some of the pros and cons of such a designation ? Could such a debate apply to other animals ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Ukraine North America Detroit , Michigan FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Authorities say they believe a young female who died after a shootout outside a Walmart store was connected to the shooting suspect . The female -- thought to be a teenager -- was one of two people killed in the Sunday afternoon shooting in Port Orchard , Washington . "  We do n't think she was just a store patron unrelated to the incident . We believe she was associated with the suspect , but we have not been able establish the relationship yet , " said Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Deputy Scott Wilson . The female remained unidentified . Two sheriff 's deputies who were injured in the shooting were recovering from non-life-threatening injuries Sunday night . The sheriff 's office said in a statement Monday that both were in satisfactory condition at a hospital . "  They both are going to live , " Wilson said . Three sheriff 's deputies responded to the Walmart store Sunday after getting a call about a suspicious person "  from a bystander who had concerns about a person inside the store , " Wilson said . Officers responded about 3 p.m. Sunday , the sheriff 's office said . The deputies approached one man outside the store 's south entrance , but the man ran from the scene . "  The deputies  called to him and said , ` Hey , we need to talk to you , ' " Wilson said . "  He turned around and shot at them . " The Monday statement said , "  For reasons not yet known , the suspect turned and fired multiple shots at the two pursuing deputies with a semi-automatic handgun . Both deputies were struck by the suspect 's bullets and unable to return gunfire . " However , a third sheriff 's deputy approached from behind the store , rounded the corner and shot the suspect , the statement said . The man was shot and later pronounced dead in the Walmart parking lot . Authorities Monday did not release his name , age or other details about him , saying they were in the process of confirming his identity and notifying his relatives . The female , who was fatally wounded , "  was in close proximity to the gunman at the time of the shootings , " the statement said . "  Based on witness statements and other evidence , investigators believe that the gunman and the young woman were together and knew each other . However , their exact relationship has not yet been established . Also unclear is how the girl was struck by gunfire . " She was transported to a hospital and pronounced dead , authorities said . The process of identifying her was under way Monday as well . Wilson described the situation as "  somewhat chaotic " but "  stabilized . " "  There is no danger to the community at this point , " he said . "  We think that all persons  who were  involved ... have been accounted for . " The Washington State Police were taking over as the lead investigative agency in the case , and the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office requested assistance from the FBI . The female sheriff 's deputy who shot the suspect was placed on administrative assignment -- a routine step in officer-involved shootings -- pending an investigation . The incident occurred near one of the retail giant 's stores in Port Orchard , a town just west of Parkwood . Located on Sinclair Inlet , Port Orchard is about 30 miles north-northwest of Tacoma and across Puget Sound from Seattle . The store was locked down for about 20 minutes immediately after the shooting with and had about 100 people inside , Walmart customer Mike Lambert told CNN affiliate KIRO . CNN 's Rick Martin and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	2 people are shot dead in a Walmart parking lot in Port Orchard , Washington Sheriff 's spokesman : Two injured deputies "  are going to live " The shooting suspect was fatally shot after firing at deputies
CNN  -- The father of terrorism suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab talked about his son 's extremist views with someone from the CIA and a report was prepared , but the report was not circulated outside the agency , a reliable source told CNN 's Jeanne Meserve on Tuesday . Had that information been shared , the 23-year-old Nigerian who is alleged to have bungled an attempt to blow up a jetliner as it was landing in Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day might have been denied passage on the Northwest Airlines flight , the source said . U.S. officials said the father , a former Nigerian banker , expressed his concerns about his son 's radicalization during at least one meeting and several calls with officials at the embassy in Nigeria . The information on AbdulMutallab had been sent to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , but it sat there for five weeks and was not disseminated , the source said . Federal authorities have charged AbdulMutallab with trying to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , made its final approach to Detroit . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at his seat . An administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity said the federal government had information that should have been assessed and meshed with other information "  that would have allowed us to disrupt the attempted terrorist attack " before the suspect boarded the jet . "  What we have here is a situation in which the failings were individual , organizational , systemic and technological , " the official said . "  We ended up in a situation where a single point of failure in the system put our security at risk , where human error was compounded by systemic deficiencies in a way that we can not allow to continue . " But an intelligence official said that the son 's name , passport number and possible connection to extremists were indeed disseminated . "  I 'm not aware of a magic piece of intelligence somehow withheld that would have put AbdulMutallab on the no-fly list , " the official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said department staff did what they were supposed to have done by sending a cable to the National Counterterrorism Center in Washington about the matter . Kelly said any decision to have revoked the suspect 's visa would have been an interagency decision . But a U.S. government official said the information in the cable offered nothing specific and was just one of hundreds of such reports that the center evaluates daily . The bureaucratic fingerpointing erupted shortly after President Obama on Tuesday blamed "  a mix of human and systemic failures " for the incident and directed that preliminary findings into the matter be delivered to the White House by Thursday .	Source : CIA had report on AbdulMutallab weeks before bombing attempt on plane Report written after AbdulMutallab 's dad spoke to someone with CIA , source says Source : If CIA had circulated report , AbdulMutallab might have been kept from plane AbdulMutallab charged with trying to detonate explosives on Christmas flight
CNN  -- Marjorye Heeney knew something was wrong when she saw a bulging cloud of black dust darken the sky . Drought-like conditions dried this Kern River bed last year near Bakersfield , California . She then heard an eerie , train-like whistle as fierce winds rattled her front door and windows . When she looked outside , hordes of grasshoppers and crows swarmed over her father 's barren farm . After the storm broke , her father walked outside and muttered curses as he scanned the horizon for rain clouds . "  I can remember my dad just watching the sky so closely , " Heeney says . "  A sprinkle would excite him so much . " That 's how Heeney , now 83 , describes growing up on an Oklahoma farm during the Dust Bowl storms in the 1930s . For much of that decade , "  black blizzards " -- formed by a prolonged drought and poor farming techniques -- ravaged much of the nation . Now a new generation of Americans is again anxiously looking to the sky . Drought has returned to the United States , and some warn that more tough days are ahead . The value of water is starting to become apparent in America . Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the country , and conflicts over water usage may become commonplace in the future , climatologists say . "  Our focus is oil , but the critical need for water is going to make water the most significant natural resource that we 're going to have to worry about in the future , " says Larry Fillmer , executive director of the Natural Resources Management & Development Institute at Auburn University in Alabama . At least 36 states expect to face water shortages within the next five years , according to a report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office . According to the National Drought Mitigation Center , several regions in particular have been hit hard : the Southeast , Southwest and the West . Texas , Georgia and South Carolina have suffered the worst droughts this year , the agency said . Yet most people do n't need scientists to tell them there 's a water shortage . Plenty of cities have implemented water bans while state squabbles over water usage are common in some regions . What may surprise people , though , are the causes for the recent drought . It 's not global warming , some climatologists say . The droughts are caused by rapid population growth and unwise agricultural choices . John R. Christy , a professor of atmospheric science at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , says the last three years have been drier than usual in many parts of the United States , but overall there 's been no shortage of rainfall . He says the U.S. mainland experienced worse droughts in the 12th and 16th centuries . "  The demand for water has gone up , " Christy says . "  The demand has skyrocketed in places like California and New Mexico because they 've tried to grow crops in deserts . " Even drought conditions in the Southeast ca n't be blamed on a shortage of rainfall , Christy says . The region 's water delivery systems ca n't keep pace with the growth , he says . "  The rain is still falling , but you 're out of water because the storage facilities are not big enough , " Christy says . There 's also a public perception that ordinary people are wasting more water , but that 's not true , says Mark Svoboda , a climatologist with the National Drought Mitigation Center . "  Per capita use of water is down because we 're learning to be more efficient , " Svoboda says . Water shortages do n't have to remain a fact of modern life , drought experts say . Many offer the same solutions : Build better water delivery systems to accommodate population growth , develop more efficient uses of irrigation , and shift agriculture from the West to the East where it 's easier and cheaper to water crops . Svoboda believes a change in attitude is even more vital than changing habits . "  We take water for granted , " he says . "  We think it 's a cheap commodity that 's always going to be there . " Heeney , the Dust Bowl survivor , does n't appear to need that lesson . She remembers how precious water was in the 1930s when people fetched water in buckets . And when the rains finally ended the Dust Bowl , she vividly remembers her joyous father driving his family out into his fields just to watch the water settle into the soil . Heeney , who now lives in Topeka , Kansas , gets upset when she sees people throw away bottled water or use too much water to wash their cars . "  We do n't value water and we 're going to regret it , " Heeney says . "  We forget . We 're as dumb as we can be and we do n't learn . "	Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the U.S. Report : At least 36 states expect to face water shortages within the next five years Experts say main causes are rapid population growth and unwise farming practices Marjorye Heeney , 83 , remembers the Dust Bowl storms of the 1930s in Oklahoma
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Show-business writers will go on strike early Monday after their negotiating team recommended a walkout over royalties that could immediately pinch late-night TV shows . Timely programs like "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " could be among the first affected . The Writers Guild of America board voted unanimously to strike as of 12:01 a.m. Monday  3:01 a.m. ET  , officials said . The walkout will be the first in 20 years . Steve Skrovan , a screenwriter for the Fox show " 'Til Death , " said a strike is all but inevitable . "  We 've never been more united and we are willing to deal -- and our decision-makers are at the table , " said Skrovan . "  Their decision-makers are not at the table and that tells you pretty much all you need to know about how the companies are pushing this . " The news of a possible strike is not unexpected , said Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers President Nick Counter . "  By the WGA leadership 's actions at the bargaining table , we are not surprised by tonight 's recommendation , " Counter said in a statement on the AMPTP Web site . "  We are ready to meet and are prepared to close this contract this weekend . " The labor impasse is over royalties from DVD sales -- last negotiated in 1988 . Writers also want royalties from "  new media " -- all the various places their works are now distributed , including Internet downloads . "  The future of TV is not going to look like what it 's been for the last 30 years , " said TV writer Dave Schiff , who has penned scripts for "  King of the Hill " and "  That '70s show . " "  So , you know it 's not just for us who are currently working , but writers down the line , that we make sure that we get a. . . piece of the pie . " Producers say the royalty issues are non-starters , but writers accuse producers of being nonresponsive . "  After 3 1/2 months of bargaining , the AMPTP still has not responded to a single one of our important proposals , " a statement from the WGA said . "  Every issue that matters to writers , including Internet reuse , original writing for new media , DVDs , and jurisdiction , has been ignored . This is completely unacceptable . " TV writer Bryce Zabel agrees . "  It sounds like the producing companies that have decided to force the writers into a situation of a strike , " Zabel said late Thursday . "  So really , our choice right now is to accept a completely unacceptable deal or to go on strike . "  Strike is the only option . " If Hollywood writers do go on strike , late-night television hosts like David Letterman , Jay Leno and Jimmy Kimmel , as well as programs like "  The Daily Show " would feel the pinch first . Watch how a strike could affect your favorite shows " Because of their topical nature , networks do not typically shoot these shows in advance . Daytime soaps normally stockpile about 30 days in advance and most prime-time shows would likely make it through the end of the year without any major impact on programming . But networks would have to resort to reruns , news programs and reality shows to fill the schedule in 2008 if a strike were to drag on . The film and television industry is responsible for an estimated 1.3 million jobs in the United States . The union 's most recent strike , in 1988 , lasted 5 1/2 months . Industry estimates say a half-billion dollars was lost because of that walkout . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Douglas Hyde and Matt Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Writers Guild of America board votes to strike as of 12:01 a.m. PT Monday Shows like Letterman , Leno , Kimmel , "  Daily Show " could be hurt first by walkout Impasse concerns royalties from DVD sales and new media Film-TV industry responsible for estimated 1.3 million U.S. jobs
CNN  -- After months of bloodshed , intrigue and revenge that made Yemen seem like an Arabian version of Hamlet , President Ali Abdullah Saleh has finally transferred his powers to his vice president , and elections are to be held in three months . At the ceremony in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , to seal the transition deal worked out by the Gulf Cooperation Council , Saleh seemed relaxed and even chuckled as he signed several copies of the agreement , the result of intense diplomatic shuttling by U.N. envoy Jamal bin Omar and growing pressure from the international community . But Saleh also took a parting shot at his opponents , saying they had destroyed in months everything that had been built over years . April Longley Alley , Yemen analyst at the International Crisis Group , says the Riyadh deal offers an "  opportunity to move past the current political impasse and to deal with critical issues like deteriorating economic and humanitarian conditions as well as the very difficult task of institutional reform . " Even so , Longley Alley and other analysts expect the epilogue to be anything but predictable . There are plenty of competing elements left behind : the thousands of mainly young demonstrators who took to the streets of Sanaa and other cities in January to demand democratic change , the tribal alliance that took up arms against Saleh , secessionists in the south and a Shiite rebellion in the north , well-organized Islamist groups and a budding al Qaeda franchise . Perhaps the most powerful figure in Yemen now is Brig. Gen. Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar , commander of the 1st Armored Division . He defected in March and took a chunk of the army with him . His units now control northern districts of the capital and are facing off against powerful remnants of the Saleh clan . The president 's son , Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh , long groomed to be his successor , and his nephew , Yahya Muhammad Saleh , command the most effective units . Longley Alley says the Gulf Cooperation Council accord "  does not deal effectively with lingering tensions between Saleh 's family on one hand and Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar and the powerful al-Ahmar family on the other . Each of these power centers is heavily armed and still poised to fight . " As if to remind the diplomats of the scale of the task ahead , pro- and anti-Saleh factions clashed in Sanaa hours before the ceremony . The challenge of "  securing a cease-fire , removing armed tribesmen from urban centers , returning the military to the barracks and engaging in military-security reform will be serious stumbling blocks post-signing , " according to Longley Alley . Al-Ahmar makes some Western officials nervous because of his links with radical Sunni Islamists . Yemeni observers say the Muslim Brotherhood has long been influential within al-Ahmar 's military command , and he is known for his antipathy toward Yemen 's Shiites . A U.S. diplomatic cable from 2005 said that "  Ali Mohsen 's questionable dealings with terrorists and extremists would make his accession unwelcome to the U.S. and others in the international community . " Others in this powerful clan include Hamid al-Ahmar , a leader of the Islamist party Islah and a prominent businessman who has long been an opponent of the president . His brother Sadiq also has armed supporters in and around Sanaa . For generations , the Yemeni state has done little without the al-Ahmars ' blessing . Sheikh Abdullah Bin Hussein al-Ahmar , who died in 2007 , was one of the few Yemenis to command widespread respect -- a man often described as the father of modern Yemen . He was an opposition leader but also speaker of the Parliament , and Saleh was careful not to cross him . Today , there seems no one of similar stature . The tens of thousands of demonstrators who have braved gunfire , tear gas and pro-government gangs in Sanaa , Taiz and elsewhere are unlikely to be satisfied by Saleh 's departure . They fear being marginalized by the transfer of power from one clique to another as part of some "  tribal bargain " and oppose Saleh 's immunity from prosecution , which is part of the Riyadh deal . But Longley Alley says they have a role to play . "  The independent youth in Yemen have at times been marginalized by the armed conflict . While these young people do not have guns or butter , they are beginning to organize and to recognize their potential influence . " Others who may play a significant role include the cleric Abdul Majid al-Zindani , who heads the Salafist  very conservative  wing of the Islah party . He is feared by liberal Yemenis . But ultimately , as one U.S. diplomatic cable sent from Sanaa in 2005 put it , "  True power still derives from the military and the tribes . " As for the 69-year old Saleh himself , a combination of factors probably led him to choose this moment to sign away his powers . He still needs medical treatment for the burns sustained in an attack on the Presidential Palace in June -- injuries that left him in a Saudi hospital for three months . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Saleh told him he would be traveling to New York for treatment soon . Another possible reason is that Saleh has seen the violent end of Moammar Gadhafi and growing pressure on Bashar al-Assad in Syria . He also has been subject to intense diplomatic pressure by Saudi Arabia and the United Nations finally to ratify the Gulf Cooperation Council deal . The European Union had begun considering sanctions . And military units loyal to the president have lost ground in recent weeks . But what are his plans now ? No one has the definitive answer . The intrigue is reminiscent of the Congress of Vienna in 1815 that drew the post-Napoleonic map of Europe . When the Russian envoy died suddenly , Austria 's Prince Metternich is reputed to have said : "  I wonder what his motive was . " Whatever power structure emerges , Yemen 's next leaders will face daunting tasks as they inherit a state where oil revenues have declined and the economy is in ruins , where poverty is endemic and a young and rapidly growing population faces a chronic shortage of water . Not to mention the percolating rebellions in the south and north , and a well-entrenched affiliate of al Qaeda . To recall a line from Hamlet that might well apply to Yemen today : "  When sorrows come , they come not single spies , "  But in battalions . "	Yemen 's future is far from predictable after Saleh 's departure , an analyst says Armed units from the Saleh family and the al-Ahmar family remain at odds The tens of thousands of anti-Saleh demonstrators are likely to play a role A combination of factors probably led Saleh to finally step down
CNN  -- A New York woman accused of trying to cash in on the Newtown elementary school shootings pleaded guilty Thursday to wire fraud and to lying to FBI agents , federal prosecutors in Connecticut said . Nouel Alba , 37 , faces sentencing August 29 in Hartford . She is eligible for fines totaling $ 500,000 and could receive a 25-year prison sentence , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office . She entered the plea in Bridgeport . Alba , prosecutors said , set up false bank accounts and claimed she was collecting for a "  funeral fund " set up on behalf of one of the 20 children killed in the December attacks , Noah Pozner . The woman allegedly claimed to be an aunt of the Sandy Hook Elementary School student . Donations were solicited on a Facebook page . Donors sent $ 240 to a PayPal account between December 14 and 20 , federal prosecutors in New York said this year . CNN was alerted to the story by a relative of the Pozner family . A CNN producer and camera crew went to Alba 's home in the Bronx , New York . She said that the bank account referenced on her Facebook page did belong to her . Alba denied being involved in a scam during an appearance on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360Ëš " in December . The U.S. Attorney 's office said that FBI agents contacted Alba after seeing the CNN report and that she told the agents the same thing she told CNN . Alba falsely told agents that she did not post information related to Newtown on her Facebook account , have contact with anyone about such postings or access her PayPal account , prosecutors said in a statement . "  The thought that someone would scheme so quickly and deliberately to benefit from an unspeakable tragedy is beyond belief , " FBI Special Agent in Charge Kimberly Mertz said in a statement . "  While there was n't a substantial loss of money in this investigation , there were losses beyond any pecuniary measure . " At Alba 's sentencing in late August , victims will be allowed to make impact statements that could affect sentencing , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office . The indictment against Alba in December cited CNN 's reporting .	Bronx woman posed as aunt of Sandy Hook victim , prosecutors say Nouel Alba , 37 , solicited donations on behalf of Noah Pozner family , prosecutors say Noah , 19 other children and six adults were killed at Connecticut school in December
CNN  -- The deadline for enrolling in the Obamacare insurance exchanges for those who want coverage that starts on January 1 is about to pass . Late last week , I became one of the 189,000 New Yorkers to sign up on New York state 's partner exchange , NY State of Health . New York is one of 14 states that elected to set up its own exchange rather than rely on the federal government to do so . It is also one of the states that have accepted the Medicaid expansion . In other words , New York , led by a popular Democratic governor , Andrew Cuomo , is all-in on Obamacare , and I decided to go along for the ride . I did this despite being opposed to Obamacare , and I am increasingly convinced that it will eventually have to be either drastically reformed or replaced outright . Hardly anyone denies that Obamacare is in trouble . Though enrollment in the new exchanges has increased in recent weeks , it has still fallen far short of expectations . Many households that had purchased individual insurance policies in the past have had their policies canceled , and it is widely expected that many small business will receive cancellation notices in the year to come . Last year , the Obama administration argued before the Supreme Court that the individual mandate was so essential to the success of the Affordable Care Act that it was inseverable . Yet last week the Department of Health and Human Services announced that it would not enforce the mandate against the not inconsiderable number of Americans who 've had their policies canceled . The Medicaid expansion has succeeded in providing more low-income Americans with insurance coverage , though not in the more than 20 states that have so far refused to take part in it . President Barack Obama and his allies had expected that as Obamacare implementation demonstrated the benefits of the new health law , the public would come to embrace it . A new CNN/ORC International survey instead finds that 62 % oppose the law , an increase of 4 percentage points since November . So far , at least , it seems as though the more familiar people become with Obamacare and its consequences , the less they like it . Like most Americans , I am an Obamacare critic , and I 've been making the case against the President 's approach to coverage expansion since it started to take shape . This is n't because I oppose government 's role in helping people secure insurance coverage . I 'm convinced that we would be far better off as a country if all Americans had enough health insurance to protect themselves from financial disaster , and that government can and should provide a health safety net . But Obamacare does both more and less than that . It limits innovation by insurers and providers that can help contain costs . It leaves many of the most dysfunctional aspects of America 's health system , such as the monopoly power of big medical providers , largely untouched . It treats different households with the same income levels very differently , depending on how they happen to buy insurance . Its sliding-scale subsidies provide at least some families on the exchanges with a strong disincentive against earning more income . And by raising the bar for what counts as acceptable private insurance , there 's a real risk that it will lead to a net decrease in the number of people who have private insurance . When I envision an ideal health system , I do n't doubt that it would involve insurance marketplaces where consumers can compare different policies to make informed decisions . That is what the insurance exchanges are at their best . The big problem with the Obamacare exchanges is that they do n't give insurers the option of offering consumers a wide range of products suited to their needs , and they do n't offer enough flexibility on pricing . Obamacare 's defenders often claim that conservatives are hypocritical to oppose the law because it relies on the kind of insurance marketplaces that conservatives favor . What these critics miss is that the problem is n't having insurance marketplaces per se . Rather , Obamacare is narrowly constraining the kind of products available on the marketplaces , and in doing it is pricing a fair number of cost-conscious consumers out of the market , even after factoring in subsidies . I should also note that I do n't think Republicans have great solutions for America 's health care woes either . During the 2008 presidential campaign , Sen. John McCain introduced a controversial plan for coverage expansion that I greatly admired and which the Democrats fiercely attacked . Ever since then , Republicans have been extremely gun-shy about offering ambitious health reform proposals of their own . I was sympathetic to the Massachusetts coverage expansion law that passed in 2006 under then-Gov . Mitt Romney , which struck me as a reasonable solution for an affluent state with a small uninsured population .  The Massachusetts experiment has n't turned out as well as I had hoped , but that 's a story for another day . And I 've advocated a number of reforms designed to expand coverage , such as more federal funding for high-risk pools , federal and state reinsurance programs designed to make insurance more affordable and tax reforms designed to limit the health insurance tax subsidies that flow to high-income households while increasing those that flow to low - and middle-income households . None of these reforms is cheap , which is why they are opposed by the many of the same Republican lawmakers who oppose Obamacare . Eventually , the GOP is going to have to recognize that any durable health care fix is going to cost money -- less than Obamacare , perhaps , but not nothing . For now , however , millions of Americans like me who do n't believe that Obamacare is the right way forward for the country will have to learn to live with it . For all my concerns about the Obamacare exchanges , I will say that as a healthy  knock on wood  New York City resident who is not eligible for subsidies , my experience with NY State of Health has been a good one . The reason is that New York state had already made a mess of its individual insurance market before Obamacare , and Obamacare might actually make it better , at least temporarily . New York is one of relatively few states in which average premiums will be substantially lower in Obamacare 's first year then they have been in the recent past , as Avik Roy of the Manhattan Institute observed in November . Roy estimates that average premiums in New York will decline by 40 % under Obamacare , the biggest decline in the country . They will increase by 179 percent in Nevada , the state with the biggest increase . So why are premiums going down in New York ? New York -- like Maine , New Jersey , Vermont , Washington and Massachusetts -- already has regulations on the books that impose community-rating and guaranteed issue on all insurers . That is , insurers have to accept all comers , regardless of health status , and they are strictly limited in the extent to which they can charge different consumers different amounts for insurance . But these states , with the exception of Massachusetts since its 2006 health law went into effect , do n't impose a mandate . The result has been that sick people have flocked to the individual insurance market while healthy people have avoided it at all cost , and this in turn has led to higher premiums . By pushing healthy people to buy coverage , the individual mandate allowed insurers to lower premiums in the individual market in Massachusetts , and insurers are betting that it will do the same in New York . Indeed , some researchers have called New York state a "  poster child " for the individual mandate . The question for insurers and New Yorkers buying coverage on the exchanges is whether the relatively low premiums on the New York state exchange are sustainable . If the individual mandate is never enforced  a very real possibility  , insurers could find themselves losing enormous sums of money as the problems that plagued New York 's individual insurance market in the past reassert themselves .  There are , to be sure , more attractive alternatives to the individual mandate that state governments might embrace , like default insurance . People often accuse conservatives of rooting for Obamacare to fail . I 'm personally rooting for an outcome in which all Americans can have access to affordable health coverage . I 'm just deeply skeptical that Obamacare is the best way to achieve that goal . But if I 'm wrong , if Obamacare and the new health insurance exchanges turn out to be a great success , I will be among the beneficiaries . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Reihan Salam : I oppose Obamacare but I decided to sign up for the New York exchange He says New York premiums falling dramatically because of individual mandate Salam says Obamacare likely will have to be revised or scrapped due to low enrollment He says conservatives need an alternative to Obamacare and it will cost money
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has leapt to the defense of the Italian Formula One team following Fernando Alonso 's controversial win at the German Grand Prix on Sunday , accusing its critics of hypocrisy . Ferrari was fined $ 100,000 by motorsport 's ruling body the FIA , and referred to the World Motor Sport Council for further investigation after race stewards deemed it had breached rules banning team orders to drivers at Hockenheim . Brazil 's Felipe Massa , who was leading Alonso at the front going into lap 49 of 67 , appeared to allow his Ferrari teammate to pass him to win the race . But Montezemolo told Ferrari 's official website : "  Enough of this hypocrisy . The result is down to the efforts of all our people , who never give up . "  Now we have to continue working like this , to improve the car so that it is competitive at all the circuits we will encounter . " Ferrari fined as Alonso denies Massa in Hockenheim controversy Montezemolo said the move was common practice within the Italian team . "  I simply reaffirm what I have always maintained , which is that our drivers are very well aware , and it is something they have to stick to , that if one races for Ferrari , then the interests of the team come before those of the individual , " he said . "  In any case , these things have happened since the days of -LSB- 1930s driver Tazio -RSB- Nuvolari , and I experienced it myself when I was sporting director , in the days of Niki Lauda and not just then . " Alonso 's win put the two-time world champion back into contention for this year 's title . The 29-year-old is now within 34 points of championship leader Lewis Hamilton of McLaren while Massa , who finished second on Sunday , remains eighth with eight races left . Alonso , who also won in Bahrain , secured his second win of the F1 calendar after Massa let him pass shortly after receiving a coded message by race engineer Rob Smedley via his car radio . Smedley was heard saying to Massa : "  Alonso is faster than you . Can you confirm you understand ? " Once Alonso overtook him , an apologetic Smedley added : "  Good lad -- just stick with it now , sorry . " F1 championship standings after Hockenheim The incident seemed to be a tactical decision by Ferrari , with Alonso leading Massa by 31 points in the overall standings before the race . Despite the Italian team claiming it was not a team order , race stewards decided Ferrari was in breach of Article 39.1 which states that "  team orders which interfere with a race result are prohibited " . It has since instigated widespread criticism within the sport , with Red Bull boss Christian Horner telling UK race broadcaster the BBC afterwards that "  it 's wrong for the sport . "	Ferrari president accuses critics of Fernando Alonso 's German GP win of hypocrisy Ferrari fined $ 100,000 and may face more punishment after controversial incident Felipe Massa appeared to let Alonso pass after being told by team to slow down Red Bull team boss Christian Horner criticized the Italian marque 's race strategy
CNN  -- Comedian Mark Russell was at a recent event in Chicago , Illinois , when he found himself sitting next to Valerie Jarrett , an adviser to President-elect Barack Obama . Moving the Obamas into the White House will take about six hours . Russell asked her whether President Bush 's staff members were going to remove all the Os from their computer keyboards , alluding to the 2001 incident in which President Clinton 's departing staff removed Ws from some White House computers . Jarrett said no , but that did n't stop Russell from speculating what really happened when President Bush 's daughters , Barbara and Jenna , gave Obama 's two daughters a tour of the White House recently . "  The Bush daughters showed Sasha and Malia Obama around , " Russell joked . "  Barbara showed them where all the bedrooms were , and Jenna showed them how to make a fake ID . " Russell sees humor in the presidential transition , but the actual operation to move both families in and out of the White House is serious business . The clearing out of the Bushes ' belongings began over the summer , when many items were packed and taken to Crawford , Texas , says Anita McBride , chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush . Then , during the Christmas holiday , the Bushes moved their personal things out of Camp David , the presidential retreat in Maryland , according to McBride . On January 20 , the Obamas move in -- a side of Inauguration Day that most people never see : a grueling , precisely timed workday involving scores of staffers that follows six months of careful planning . Gary Walters worked at the executive mansion from 1986 until 2006 as chief usher in charge of moving presidential families in and out of the White House . From his Virginia home , Walters described how the complicated Obama move in to the White House is completed in only a few hours . In the morning , after the Bushes and Obamas depart the executive mansion for the Capitol Hill swearing-in ceremony , moving trucks will roll up to the south side of the White House , Walters said . The drivers put down their tailgates , allowing most of the White House 's 93 staff members to begin unloading Obama family items , he said . "  Staff members all have been given very specific jobs on that day , almost down to the minute as to what their responsibilities are , " Walters said . The move is designed to be seamless , painless and invisible while millions of Washington visitors -- and millions more watching on TV -- follow the inauguration ceremonies and the parade that follows . By about 5 p.m. , before the Obamas move from the parade viewing stand to their new home , the presidential move must be complete . "  Their clothes will be in their closets ; everything will be put away , " Walters said . "  There should be no full or half-empty boxes will in view . Furniture will be set in proper places . Their favorite foods will be in the kitchen or the pantry . The chief usher will welcome them into their home and ask them what they would like to do before going out to enjoy the inaugural balls . " Incoming first lady Michelle Obama 's mother , Marian Robinson , will also be moving into the White House residence , which has 24 rooms on the second and third floors . The Obamas have hired California decorator Michael Smith to use an allocated $ 100,000 to redecorate the space . Watch what decorator may do with the White House " "  I think they 're going to find that this is really conducive to family life , " President Bush told CNN 's Larry King . "  President-elect Obama has got a 45-second commute to see his girls . " In the West Wing of the White House , the political jostling has begun among new staffers to grab workspaces near the center of power : the Oval Office . There , the carpet is changed with each new administration to suit the incoming president , Walters said . Possibly , the office desk will be changed , as will paintings that will be hung on the wall . Books on the Oval Office shelves will be changed per the new commander in chief , as will accessories to be placed around the room , Walters said . Staffers may tote in a new sofa and chairs -- or busts of past presidents . Following tradition , Bush is expected to leave a personal letter written to Obama . Past letters have offered the new president private words of advice and reflection . Several Democratic presidents have chosen to hang a Thomas Sully painting of President Andrew Jackson in the Oval Office , said political scientist and historian Martha Joynt Kumar , an expert on the White House . "  In the residence , many presidents have brought their personal paintings to decorate their living space . " After movers tote out boxes of office materials from Bush staffers , the West Wing will become a dusty workspace , with empty bookshelves and the odd three-ring binder left behind , say veterans of the White House press corps . As in previous moving periods , contractors may come to slap on a coat of paint or lay carpet as the new crop of staffers finds their workspaces . "  It was incredible , " former Clinton staffer David Seldin said , recalling his experience on Inauguration Day 1993 . "  I think people were overwhelmed with the sense that it was real and the sense that something that you had been working on as a political campaign is actually becoming part of the government . " On Tuesday , once the whirlwind moving operation is finally done , Chief Usher Stephen Rochon will probably greet Obama the same way Walters did Bush in 2001 . Standing near the doorway to the White House North Portico , Walters recalls , he said , "  Hello , Mr. President , welcome to your home . " Oh , and about those Os on White House keyboards -- two Bush officials told CNN on Sunday that outgoing aides wo n't be getting payback on the incoming Democratic administration . There is an understanding that Bush will be furious if there are any pranks , especially after cordial transition between the two administrations , the officials said .	Ex-White House usher details whirlwind moving operation for Bush , Obama Scores of staffers switch out Bush , Obama furniture , clothes , etc. in six hours Obamas allocated $ 100,000 to redecorate 24 private rooms in the White House
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The leaders of China and Japan on Monday held their first face-to-face talks since they took office , amid smoldering tensions between the two Asian powers . Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , the two governments said . The two shook hands in front of the cameras with subdued expressions on their faces . The United States has had to navigate the fraught relationship in recent years between Japan , a key ally , and China , whose regional and global clout is on the rise . Washington has attempted the balancing act of standing by its commitments to Tokyo without antagonizing Beijing . The last formal meeting at this level between China and Japan took place nearly three years ago , in December 2011 , according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo . Since then , relations have dramatically soured , mainly because of the escalation of a bitter territorial dispute over a group of tiny , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea . China 's sudden declaration last year of an Air Defense Identification Zone over a large swath of the East China Sea added to tensions , drawing strong criticism from both Japan and the United States . Diplomatic ties became so bad that the two sides resorted to invoking Voldemort , the fictional villain in the Harry Potter books , in their verbal barbs about each other . New visa policy elevates U.S.-China relations Meeting is ` the first step ' But now , the emphasis appears to be on trying to mend fences between Asia 's two largest economies . "  This is the first step towards the improvement of the bilateral relationship , based on the principle of the strategic mutually-beneficial relationship , " Abe said after the meeting . For his part , Xi called on Japan to "  do more things that help enhance the mutual trust between Japan and its neighboring countries , and play a constructive role in safeguarding the region 's peace and stability , " China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Ahead of the meeting , the two countries issued almost identical statements Friday , saying essentially that they agreed to disagree . "  Both sides recognized the existence of disagreements on recent tensions over East China Sea waters " around the disputed islands , known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China , the statements said . They said they had agreed "  to prevent the deterioration of the situation through dialogue and consultation , as well as to build the crisis management and control mechanisms to avoid the occurrence of unexpected events . " International leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama , are gathered in Beijing for an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Relations have been severely strained between the two countries in recent years At the heart of the tensions is a bitter territorial dispute But now both sides appear to be attempting to mend fences
New York  CNN  -- An activist for immigration reform was arrested and arraigned on child pornography charges in Brooklyn federal court Wednesday . Roy Naim , 29 , pleaded not guilty to a count of receiving child pornography , and was denied bail by Judge Joan M. Azrack . Assistant U.S. Attorney Saritha Komatireddy argued Naim was a risk to the community as his alleged crimes involved children , and he sometimes worked with a youth advocacy group and volunteered at a camp for children . She added he was a flight risk as he has no real job and is n't a citizen of the country . Florida man linked to up to 1 million child porn videos , images Naim 's attorney , Richard A Finkel , countered that his client was a respected member of his community , and told the court how Naim , who was mentioned in a 2012 Time magazine article on immigration reform , volunteered for many charities and had become a relatively well-known activist on immigration . Finkel continued to explain that Naim did not work because he spent most of his time "  helping others " and studying with rabbis . His family works hard , Finkel said , but they have little money and own no property . Judge Azrack did not say she would deny Naim bail outright , but said without money or property to offer as collateral , Naim would be kept in custody for now . Finkel told reporters as he left the courthouse that he had just been put on the case and "  I do n't know much about it ... They 're just charges and we will contest the charges , and that 's all I can say . " Prosecutor Komatireddy declined comment on the case . Smartphone app helps nab child sexual predators Naim moved with his family from Israel when he was 3 years old , but has not attained U.S. citizenship . Naim was mentioned in a cover story for Time magazine in June 2012 by journalist and filmmaker , Jose Antonio Vargas , who publicly revealed his own status as an undocumented immigrant and gaining support among so-called DREAMers -- advocates for a path to citizenship for young undocumented immigrants . In a story on his life that he wrote for the website Empathizethis.com , Naim said , "  I read this article about Jose Antonio Vargas , who outed himself as an undocumented person . I remember reading that article , and it gave me a lot of hope . I started connecting with Jose , and I ended up  in  Time magazine with him . " Naim continued in the online biography , "  If you ask me what I want to do , I would say that I want to serve people . Volunteer work is what I live for . " In June , the New York Daily News ran an article about Naim 's work with a children 's advocacy group on a game for children based on the immigrant experience . Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school According to the federal indictment of Naim , investigators in Louisiana arrested a suspected producer of child pornography who allegedly had enticed children to engage in sexually explicit conduct on the internet via videoconferencing . The suspect allegedly recorded the acts , and sent the videos to people over the web and through e-mail . Following an electronic trail , investigators were led to a computer at Naim 's home according to the indictment . Federal agents executed a search warrant , the indictment says , and told Naim he was not under arrest , but asked him if there was any information he wanted to share voluntarily . According to the indictment , Naim led the agents to his computer and told them he had been viewing and downloading videos of child pornography for several years , and his a laptop contained videos of child pornography . He was then arrested . If convicted , Naim faces five to 20 years in prison , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Man who plotted to kill and eat children gets more than 26 years in prison	Roy Naim was mentioned in a Time magazine article on immigration reform He worked with immigration advocacy groups in New York Prosecutors say he was arrested based on an electronic trail from an alleged child-porn producer Naim pleaded not guilty to a federal charge of receiving child pornography
Washington  CNN  -- A long-haul bus plying the nation 's highways can carry as many passengers as a domestic airline flight and a crash could be equally catastrophic . But key safety regulations and oversight for buses , especially for drivers behind the wheel of a coach with up to 80 people aboard , lag behind those for airlines and their pilots , according to a leading safety advocate and a trade group calling for action . The issue has crystallized in recent weeks around different incidents involving the grounding of the vaunted 787 Dreamliner produced by the world 's largest aircraft maker and deadly crashes involving buses owned by obscure private companies . Although a battery fire aboard a Boeing Dreamliner in Boston and a related incident over the skies of Japan resulted in one minor injury , the case has received enormous public attention and robust investigative scrutiny over two continents . Over roughly the same timeframe , 17 people were killed and more than 80 others hurt in West Coast crashes of two tour buses . Those generated a few headlines and little , if any , public outcry . Federal and state authorities are investigating both incidents . The most recent crash east of Los Angeles last weekend killed eight people and attention has focused on the vehicle 's brakes . A December 30 accident in Oregon that killed nine people has raised questions about tired drivers . The driver of that ill-fated bus had worked 92 hours in the seven days leading up to the crash -- far exceeding the allowable 70 hours , according to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration  FMCSA  , the government agency that regulates bus safety . In both cases , regulators previously cited the private bus companies for violations and put them under increased surveillance . But the government let them continue operations . Deborah Hersman , chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board , highlighted gaps in bus safety with a comparison to more rigorous rules for airlines . "  You would never see hours-of-service violations in aviation , " she said in reference to the potential fatigue issue in the Oregon bus accident . "  Pilots would not bust their hours , but  we  see it routinely on the highways . " Hersman said drivers are "  asked to carry loads to places that they ca n't possibly get to within their hours of service " and "  people driving longer " than they should and winding up tired behind the wheel . "  And so these are the same issues . We see them over and over again , " Hersman said . "  We 've got to have regulations with teeth and the penalties have got to be a deterrent . " Commercial aviation has remained remarkably safe over the past decade following a push to improve safety . The crash of a commuter jet near Buffalo that killed 50 people has been the lone major airline accident in the past four years . The rapidly growing motor coach industry , which carries about as many passengers as domestic airlines annually -- 700 million -- has experienced several fatal accidents in recent years , including notable crashes in New York and Virginia . The most recent federal government figures , in 2009 , show roughly 300 people are killed annually in bus crashes , but the figures do not distinguish between mass transit and private motor coach accidents . The head of a motorcoach industry association concurs that the government needs to focus on industry standards , and crack down on companies that do n't measure up . Private bus lines have grown rapidly in recent years . "  At the end of the day we think the regulators need to focus as much attention on motorcoach travel as they do on the airlines and they should focus more attention on motorcoaches than on a truck , " said Peter Pantuso , president and chief executive of the American Bus Association . "  We want a safe industry , plain and simple . There 's nothing that can or should trump safety in our opinion , " the trade group chief said . ABA officials say responsible bus companies that uphold industry standards are being hurt by fly-by-night companies that violate those rules . Hersman said truck and bus inspections show rampant violation of federal safety rules . Approximately 20 percent of trucks and buses that are inspected are pulled out of service for mechanical issues , and 7 percent of drivers are pulled off the road because of hours-of-service , record-keeping or other issues , Hersman said . "  In the end we see companies that are not put out of service until after they have a fatal accident , " she said . The motor carrier safety agency prohibited the Canada-based bus company , Mi Joo Tour & Travel , from operating in the United States following the Oregon accident . The agency , part of the Transportation Department , defended its practices . It said federal and state inspectors conduct more than 3.5 million truck and bus inspections across the United States each year . "  In any instance where the driver or the vehicle or both are found to be in serious violation of any federal safety regulation and thus pose an imminent hazard to public safety , the driver , the vehicle or both are immediately placed out-of-service by the inspector , " the agency said in a statement . "  Even if a violation is not severe enough to place a company out of service immediately , companies are required to correct all violations for which they are cited , and minor violations can result in increased frequency of roadside inspections by state and local law enforcement , " the statement added .	Concerns raised about gaps in airline and tour bus safety Issue gains prominence with focus on 787 fires , two deadly bus crashes Leading U.S. safety advocate especially concerned about tired tour bus drivers Regulators defend bus safety oversight , say government acts when it uncovers problems
CNN  I met Kelly Gissendaner in January 2010 in a nondescript classroom at Metro State Prison for Women in Atlanta . She arrived for class beaming with excitement about the journey she was about to begin -- participation in a yearlong academic theology program sponsored jointly by four Atlanta seminaries . Since she has been sentenced to the death penalty and lives in solitary confinement , Kelly was particularly eager to share community with others , if only one morning a week . And she was grateful for the opportunity to explore the Bible and theology in a rigorous manner that would nurture and deepen her devotional life . That image of her on the first day of class remains vivid to me because it captures the core of who Kelly is -- who she has become : someone full of contagious joy and gratitude , open to others and to new experiences for growth and ministry . Kelly 's process of transformation began shortly after she arrived in prison following her conviction for murder in the death of her husband , Doug Gissendaner . A pastor began visiting her and initiated a series of difficult , yet compassionate , conversations that urged her toward courageous self-reflection . This same pastor has been visiting Kelly for almost 16 years . Her commitment to Kelly , along with that of the prison chaplain and chaplaincy interns , provided steady , ongoing love that fostered change . So by the time I met Kelly in 2010 she had already undergone a significant transformation . She was , in the words of the Apostle Paul , a "  new creation "  2 Cor . 5:17  . In the theology program , Kelly found her own voice and came to see that her reflections on Christian faith could be a gift to the wider church "  on the outside , " as well as in prison . By studying historical and contemporary Christian thinkers , Kelly became part of the conversations that make the Christian tradition dynamic . She asked honest questions about her relationship to God , others and the world . She read scripture and grappled with centuries-old theological questions . She discovered her authentic theological voice in the midst of this work . "  From the start of the theology class I felt this hunger , " she said in her 2011 graduation speech . "  I became so hungry for theology , and what all the classes had to offer ; you could call me a glutton . " One of the great joys of being a theology professor is getting to know students holistically , not only as thinkers , but also as human beings wrestling with some of life 's most urgent questions . My relationship with Kelly had this quality from the start . But it deepened six months into the year when a new warden arrived at the prison . In her graduation speech , Kelly described this moment : "  There came a time when ... my worst fears became my reality -- I was pulled from the courses . I was taken from my theological community . Being pulled from the program devastated me as badly as if someone had just told me one of my appeals had been turned down . "  Since I could n't go to the theology class ... the instructors came to me . Still , this was far from being ideal because now I had to have class and community through a gate . It was hard ... but I pushed on . I pushed on because of that hunger . That gate ... was meant to keep everyone and everything separated from me . But that gate could n't keep out the knowledge that I was so hungry for , nor friendship and community . And it sure could n't keep out God . " This change afforded us the chance to have two hours of one-on-one conversation every Friday . We continued to read theological texts together , including a book by then-Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams . Williams describes healing and restoration as the act of facing our painful memories , "  the ruins of the past , " and building from them here and now . Restoration , Williams writes , "  is going back to the memories of the painful , humiliating past and bringing them to redemption in the present ... to Christ -LSB- who -RSB- comes to repair the devastation . " I sat with Kelly as she went back over some of her own painful memories , took responsibility for them and showed profound remorse about who she had been and what she had done . Indeed , the power of these moments -- when Kelly looked me in the eye and confessed concrete sins , when we spoke of God 's love and forgiveness -- will stay with me forever . Kelly embraced what Dietrich Bonhoeffer , a German pastor-theologian and Nazi resister , calls "  costly grace . " For Bonhoeffer , "  cheap grace " is seeking God 's forgiveness as a "  cover-up for one 's sins , for which one has no remorse and ... even less desire to be set free . " In contrast , costly grace requires rigorously following Jesus in a way that leads to continuous , visible transformation , what the New Testament calls the fruits of redemption . The fruits of Kelly 's redemption are now well-documented : reconciliation with her children , ministry to inmates full of despair , counsel to troubled youth and daily concern for others . On the night Kelly thought would be her last , she spent the evening writing a letter to her fellow inmates , urging them not to worry about her , but to be encouraged . Most poignant for Kelly are the writings of German theologian Jürgen Moltmann , who is widely known as the "  theologian of hope " and with whom Kelly began corresponding in 2010 . Moltmann shows that biblical hope is not a hope that gives up on this life and looks for something better beyond the grave . Rather , hope makes manifest the kingdom of God now -- God 's intended social order "  on earth as it is in heaven "  Matt . 6:10  . Biblical hope "  revolutionizes and transforms the present . " It is the hope of the psalmist who "  looks for the goodness of God in this life "  Ps . 27:13  . In the words of Kelly 's favorite scripture , it is a hope that proclaims : "  I shall not die but live , and declare the works of the Lord "  Ps 118:17  . In Kelly 's own words : "  The theology program has shown me that hope is still alive and that , despite a gate or a guillotine hovering over my head , I still possess the ability to prove that I am human . Labels on anyone can be notoriously misleading and unforgiving things . But no matter the label attached to me , I have the capacity and the unstoppable desire to accomplish something positive and have a lasting impact ... Even prison can not erase my hope or conviction that the future is not settled for me , or anyone . " Many people have asked me in recent days how I have been transformed by my friendship with Kelly and by Kelly 's journey of hope . While I struggle to find adequate words , what I do know is that Kelly 's story pushes the logic of Christian faith to its outermost limits . It pushes Christians to reexamine and reaffirm the truths we proclaim about repentance , forgiveness , redemption and hope . Indeed , even professional theologians and life-long pastors struggle with the weight of the claims we make . Today , Kelly 's life hangs in the balance . The state of Georgia on Monday issued a last-minute postponement of her execution , citing concerns about the drugs that were to be used to kill her . The Department of Corrections has said that it plans to resume executions once an analysis of the drugs is complete . While Gov. Nathan Deal does not have the formal power to commute Kelly 's sentence to life in prison , I join more than 1,100 faith leaders from across the nation , including more than 500 from Georgia , who have signed a letter urging the governor to use his political influence to save Kelly 's life and to speak out publicly against her execution . I call on all people of good will to reach out to Gov. Deal and to Georgia state legislators to demand a more just , merciful , and accountable system of justice -- for Kelly and for all . As theologian Richard Amesbury wrote , "  If the life even of a convicted murderer can be turned around and so radically redirected , then none of us is without hope . " We need to hear Kelly Gissendaner proclaim to us -- as much as we proclaim to her -- that the promises of God are real .	The execution of Kelly Gissendaner was postponed due to concerns over injection drugs McBride : In her time on death row , Gissendaner has discovered hope through theology
Editor 's note : Wayne LaPierre has served as the executive vice president and chief executive officer of the National Rifle Association of America since 1991 . His latest book is "  The Global War on Your Guns : Inside the U.N. Plan to Destroy the Bill of Rights . " Wayne LaPierre says the Mexican drug war is n't a reason to restrict gun ownership in the U.S. CNN  -- Here 's a summary for the time - or attention-challenged : Never surrender freedom for laws that ca n't affect criminals ; they disobey laws for a living . Nobody is surprised that Attorney General Eric Holder wants to make good on his promise to ban guns . We just did n't know whose tragedy he 'd seize to advance his agenda . Now we do . It 's the drug-driven death and violence in Mexico at the hands of ruthless criminal cartels . Barely a month on the job , Holder cited the Mexican cartel killings as the excuse to resurrect the Clinton gun ban . Though a new face to some , Holder is a rabid Second Amendment foe from the Clinton administration who helped orchestrate the 1994 Clinton gun ban . America has made this mistake already . So let 's learn the lies that led to their gun ban . Even earthworms learn from experience Ask any anti-gun politician to define an "  assault weapon , " and the honest answer is , "  I know one when I see one . " When cosmetics alone can infringe constitutional freedoms , we 're all in trouble . But that 's precisely how the 1994 gun ban came about . The gun-ban lobby and national media lied with lockstep conformity by playing endless footage of fully automatic machine gun fire . They fooled the American people and the U.S. Congress into thinking they were banning "  high-powered , " "  rapid-fire , " "  battlefield-bred " guns designed to "  spray fire from the hip . " None of that was true . Then Sen. Dianne Feinstein convened anti-gun bureaucrats to conduct a firearm beauty pageant . They browsed photos of hundreds of perfectly legal semiautomatic rifles . They picked 19 they deemed most military looking . And they banned them . But the guns are n't designed or used by the military . They 're commonly owned semiautomatic rifles that fire one shot when the trigger is pulled . They can not "  spray fire , " nor are they designed to be fired "  from the hip . " Nor are they the choice of terrorists in Afghanistan or drug gangs in Mexico . They prefer fully automatic machine guns , which our soldiers use . Congress was so doubtful about the ban 's effectiveness , they limited it to a 10-year experiment . So it expired in 2004 , and for good reason . It was useless all along . As the study mandated by that Congress found , "  The banned weapons and magazines were never used in more than a modest fraction of all gun murders " in the first place . The ban had absolutely no effect on gun crime . But what about Mexico ? Of course , everyone 's rooting for Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's government to crush the drug cartels ' stranglehold . But our rights are not what 's wrong . Nobody can substantiate claims that U.S. guns cross the border "  by the thousands " or "  account for 95 % of weapons used by Mexican drug gangs . " Because it 's not true . Replying to Feinstein in subcommittee hearings last week , William Hoover , assistant director of field operations at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said , "  The investigations we have , that we see , for firearms flowing across the border do n't show us individuals taking thousands of guns a day or at a time flowing into Mexico . " Yet reporter after politician after news anchor parrot the lie as readily as high schoolers gossip , and with equal disregard for truth . That 's how gun abolitionists claim Mexican gun laws are so strict that our "  weak laws "  read : freedoms  are to blame for "  fueling the violence " in Mexico . Well , to believe that : • You have to believe these butchers and beheaders break every Mexican law they want except Mexican gun laws , which they honor -- while they break America gun laws . • You have to believe that Mexico 's drug cartels , which possess the wealth and armies of nations , prefer American semiauto target and hunting rifles over fully automatic machine guns and any other military arms they want to crush opposition . • You have to believe Mexican drug lords -- who make Forbes magazine 's list of billionaires -- do n't get large lots of weaponry on the transnational black market but instead choose to trifle with paperwork at U.S. gun stores . • You have to believe that narco-terrorists who buy fragmentation grenades , grenade launchers , explosives , body armor , biometric security equipment , infrared surveillance technology and intelligence-grade reconnaissance gear will salute and obey a new American gun law -- if only we 'd pass one . Get real , get tough , but get away from our rights Everything Mexico 's murderous thugs are doing is already illegal . At issue is not the absence of law , but the absence of political will to enforce the laws that both nations already possess . Even Immigration and Customs Enforcement said , "  We have the laws we need . We just need to more effectively enforce them . " Those that make possible Mexico 's colossal corruption wear the garb of not only drug lords and gun runners , but also of too many city mayors and police chiefs , state bureaucrats and military officers . A $ 40 billion criminal enterprise could not exist without the complicity of these powerful co-conspirators . And these cartels are being abetted by American media and politicians who blame our freedoms for it . We should seal the border . Punish the guilty . And use existing gun and drug laws against violent drug syndicates here and in Mexico . But leave American freedoms alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wayne LaPierre .	Wayne LaPierre : Effort under way to reinstate Clinton-era gun ban He says claims that 95 % of Mexico drug guns come from U.S. are n't backed up LaPierre : Our gun freedoms are n't responsible for fueling the drug war He says U.S. should seal the border and enforce existing gun laws
CNN  -- What do Elvis , Kim Kardashian , the Jonas Brothers , Dilbert and teen vampires have in common ? Calendars like this one featuring the movie "  Twilight " are big sellers . They are all subjects of hot calendars . Be it pinned to the wall , tucked in a pocket or lounging on a desk , calendars have maintained popularity even as they face stiff competition from technology . While just about every cell phone or PDA allows users to keep track of those ever important events and appointments , calendars still seem to hold an allure for users day by day . "  We do not see technology-based calendars as the competition , " said Robert Gilbreath , director of marketing for Calendars.com , one of the largest e-commerce sites for calendars on the Web . "  They do not evoke memories of past occurrences , experiences , and pleasures . " A cell phone calendar also ca n't give fans the opportunity to gaze upon 12 images of their favorite celebrity or object of desire in the comfort of their own home or office . Some of Calendars.com 's most popular sellers include classic movie stars like Marilyn Monroe and John Wayne as well as today 's hottest fan favorites like the cast of the movie "  Twilight . " Calendars featuring beautiful women who also happen to be celebrities are also always in demand such as those featuring "  Transformers " actress Megan Fox , Hugh Hefner 's former girlfriends , known as The Girls Next Door , and a perennial favorite -- the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Calendar . If sales are any indication , print calendars are still holding their own . "  We 've seen double-digit annual growth in our e-commerce channel every year until the last one , " said Paul Hoffman , chief operating officer of Calendar Holdings LLC , parent company of Calendars.com and Calendar Club retail stores . "  We are very optimistic about the future growth online . " Calendars have a long history as a part of American culture . Larry Krug , one of the founders of the Calendar Collectors Society , said calendars used to be must have collectors items when they were produced using the works of famous photographers and artists such as Norman Rockwell . Calendars still have their enthusiasts , Krug said , especially among those who are able to tie in calendars to an already existing passion , such as collecting Coca-Cola memorabilia . "  People collect different kinds of calendars , " he said . "  There are wall calendars , desk calendars , pocket calendars , towel calendars and calendar plates . It 's really a very broad and interesting area . " And while there are a multitude of calendars that can be found -- often in a kiosk at the mall where a savvy shopper knows the prices will drop after the first of the year -- there are some that start out as collectors ' items even before they are produced . The Pirelli calendar , with its limited availability and artistic nude photos of some of the world 's most beautiful models , has become a sought-after item known for its exclusivity . Gruppo Campari , the makers of spirits , wines and soft drinks , also produces a limited-edition calendar every year which is not for sale and has featured various starlets including Eva Mendes , Jessica Alba and Salma Hayek . Since 2000 , the company has employed world-famous and emerging photographers to capture the images , which are designed to tell a story within the calendar . Chiara Bressani , head of Gruppo Campari 's Communication , said the calendars are marketing works of art . "  The calendar is always trying to convey seduction and passion , " Bressani said . "  It 's a creative way of showing what Campari is . " She said the women chosen to appear in the calendars are selected because they convey the Campari values . The calendars have become very popular in Europe and the United States , Bressani said , despite the fact -- or maybe because -- they are not easy to obtain . " -LSB- The popularity -RSB- is growing every year , " said Bressani , whose company has chosen Bond girl Olga Kurylenko to appear in the upcoming 2010 calendar . "  You can enjoy the pictures on the Web , but it 's a different feeling when you have the calendar in your hands . "	Celebrity calendars still the rage among fans Calendars featuring stars and beautiful women among top sellers Limited-edition Campari calendar features international starlets
Washington  CNN  -- In the wake of the deadly Costa Concordia cruise ship accident off the coast of Italy in January , the cruise industry is implementing new safety standards . Cruise Lines International Association , the world 's largest cruise non-profit organization representing 26 companies , announced Tuesday it is putting in place standards it says will "  achieve concrete , practical and significant safety dividends in the shortest possible time . " Officials say each ship will now be required to provide additional adult life jackets in excess of the legal requirements within a ship 's most-populated zone . This will ensure the number of life jackets carried by a cruise liner will exceed the actual number of passengers on board . At least 30 people were killed and two others are missing and presumed dead after the Costa Concordia struck rocks and turned on its side January 13 off the Italian island of Giglio . Some survivors said they returned to their rooms to get their life jackets a half hour after the accident and struggled to climb many levels in dim emergency lighting on the listing ship to reach lifeboats . The industry also adopted a policy to "  minimize unnecessary disruptions and distractions " on the bridge . The change will limit access to the bridge "  to those with operational functions during any period of restricted maneuvering or when increased vigilance is required . " The captain of the Costa Concordia faces allegations of manslaughter , causing the shipwreck , abandoning ship and failing to report the accident . Some media outlets reported that Capt. Francesco Schettino had a woman with him on the bridge just before the accident . Schettino has previously said managers of the cruise line instructed him to sail close to Giglio . He said the ship hit a rock not indicated on charts of the area . A third safety policy adopted involves passage planning procedures , which is the complete description of a ship 's movement from departure to arrival . The new standard will change what was simply guidance for years and make it a mandatory minimum requirement . All bridge team members will be briefed on the voyage "  well in advance of its implementation " by a designated officer and approved by the master . "  As the Concordia incident demonstrates , there is no such thing as perfect safety , " said Manfredi Lefebvre , chairman of the European Cruise Council . "  We do strive for a perfect commitment to safety . "	The Costa Concordia hit rocks off the coast of Italy in January At least 32 people are presumed dead The cruise industry says the new standards are "  practical and significant "
CNN  -- "  Crossfire " is back , and just look how much life has changed since that first show in 1982 . The clothes . The hair . The music . Yeah , we love the '80s , too . In the early years , the political debate show was all about the Cold War , Reagan administration , death penalty , sex education -- and bow-ties , big glasses and tweed blazers with diagonally striped ties . The first show on June 25 , 1982 , focused on Alexander Haig 's resignation as secretary of state . "  Crossfire " Classic : '88 comments on Middle East , Syria ring true today These days , 31 years later , we 're just as diverse on the daily commentary . Syria is weighing heavily on our minds , but then we just ca n't seem to stop talking about Miley Cyrus ' over-the-top twerking performance at the MTV Video Music Awards . Culturally so much has changed . With "  Crossfire 's " return , we invited CNN readers to dish on life in the '80s . Many readers talked about coming of age and finding themselves during that era , with a little help from heavy metal , hairspray and MTV . These are some of our favorite takeaways : Early '80s fashions were "  simply outrageous . " Stripes and polka dots combined , frilly dresses with leggings topped with leg warmers and tennis shoes , were just a few of the styles , wrote Yvonne Coverdale . "  My favorite clothing at that time to relax in public was a pair of black pants with a white or red stripe down the sides , a double breasted white or black tunic blouse and knee-high black leather boots ; two-inch black leather belt optional . " "  Crossfire " Classic : Frank Zappa on dirty lyrics Music defined us . T. Ray Verteramo fell in love with heavy metal , which was under heavy fire at the time by Tipper Gore and those of the self-proclaimed moral majority . It was a topic of discussion on "  Crossfire " when Frank Zappa was a guest . Verteramo believed it to be an issue of free speech . The experience shaped her . "  When you 're judged so readily , so quickly , and so harshly for so long , it 's hard not to become more empathetic . My tastes have n't changed and I 'll never use hairspray again . But my appreciation and gratitude to be able to enjoy and share the music I love freely has definitely grown . " Music was also a unifying force . Growing up in Illinois , Janee Blackwell Cifuentes was transcending race and making friends from all different cultures . "  People may not like you on the outside , but they soften up when you sing them a song they can relate to , " she said . "  I remember white kids in my neighborhood ... being amazed when they found out Journey was one of my all-time favorite groups and I could sing all of their songs . " "  Crossfire " Classic : Falwell opposes MLK day in 1983 There was a time before business casual and dress down Fridays . Corporate attire involved scarves tied in bows , dress pants , blazers and pumps . Marjorie Zien dug up this gem of the IT team at Morgan Guaranty Trust Company in New York in 1985 . "  When I look at the photo , it all seems so formal to me . It was as if we were wearing a uniform , which I guess in some ways , we were . " We were divided on Reagan . Ronald Reagan took office as president in 1981 , wrote Janie Lambert , and "  within minutes , the Iran hostages were released . I was relieved and happy that he had been elected , having very high hopes for the next four years . " 1988 "  Crossfire " Classic : Soviet military capabilities During that same time , Hilary Ohm was protesting against nuclear weapons , America 's involvement in Central America and Reagan 's economic policies , which she believed were "  cruel and would hurt the poor and give the rich more wealth . " Cliff Olney voted for Reagan the first time around , but switched parties after Reagan fired more than 11,000 striking air traffic controllers in 1981 . Olney is now a progressive Democrat "  thanks to Reagan 's ` trickle-down economics ' that never trickled down , " he said . Life was simpler . At least , that 's how we remember those times , "  when we were n't always so plugged in or bombarded with data , " wrote Ellen Jo Roberts , now 41 . It also seemed easier to pursue your dreams , said Marie Sager , who was a recently divorced mom of two boys in 1981 . She found work as a "  helicopter hooker " and later started her own helicopter company . "  Today that 's not so , most people have to take whatever comes their way , " Sager wrote . "  For me , the '80s were great . Even being a single parent , we managed to do OK . " But it was n't all sunshine and roses . Generation X grew up "  with the threat of global thermal nuclear war and under the specter of AIDS , " Roberts wrote . "  I like to joke now that the freewheeling baby boomers , with their sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , got to have all the fun , leaving us with "  Just Say No " and songs like Jermaine Stewart 's ` We Do n't Have to Take Our Clothes Off  to Have a Good Time  . ' However , we were lucky to be witness to new wave , the early days of beatbox and hip-hop and the earliest inkling of an environmental movement . " "  Crossfire " Classic : KKK Grand Wizard in 1982 And we wished E.T. was real . After the Steven Spielberg movie came out in 1982 , Lambert 's 5-year-old daughter , Jennie , was enthralled . "  She thought having an E.T. would be such a fun thing . She even invented a pretend E.T. of her own and would play for hours . " If there was a full or almost-full moon , she would watch out the window to see if she could spot the alien . Jennie was thrilled to get a giant blow-up E.T. doll that Christmas . Would n't you be ? What did you care about in the 1980s ? What did you look like ? Share a photo here or join the conversation in the comments below .	Crossfire first aired on June 25 , 1982 Life then was big hair , heavy metal and Reaganomics Readers share their memories of the era What was your life like in the '80s ? Send a picture !
CNN  -- The last full day of the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona has drawn to a close . After a bonanza of new phones , tablets and mobile gadgets , here 's the last of what 's new at this year 's show , courtesy of Stuff Magazine . Quad-core arms race ` ridiculous ' Microsoft Windows Phone Director Aaron Woodman has stated his belief that competition between manufacturers to produce phones with faster and faster quad-core processors is unnecessary . "  The quad-core arms race is ridiculous , " said Woodman . Instead , he explained how Windows Phone devices like the Nokia Lumia 800 are able to run fast without using battery-sucking quad-core innards . Microsoft has even gone as far as handing out â ‚ ¬ 100  $ 133  to anyone whose phone can beat a Windows Phone in a one-on-one user test during MWC . Microsoft releases Windows 8 preview Microsoft announced the release of the consumer preview of its forthcoming Windows 8 operating system . The new software is designed to work on both computers and tablets , taking many design cues from its own Windows Phone 7 software . The company said it has made a staggering 100,000 code changes since the last preview . Early testers will be pleased to know that all apps in the Windows 8 app store are free to download during the preview . LG phone delayed by UK 's lack of 4G LG 's recently revealed Optimus Vu smartphone , which sports a 5-inch screen with an unusual 4:3 aspect ratio , wo n't be seen in the United Kingdom for at least a year . The long wait is due to the UK 's lack of a 4G or LTE network . Other countries such as the United States are already enjoying super-fast 4G mobile data speeds while the UK lags behind . Samsung previews projector phone A prototype of the Samsung Galaxy Beam projector phone has been doing the rounds . The smartphone prototype runs on Google Android 2.3 and has a 15 lumens projector built into its top edge . Users can beam a 50-inch image on a blank wall or screen , perfect for showing off holiday snaps or giving impromptu presentations .	Microsoft executive calls quad-core processors unnecessary Aaron Woodman says Nokia devices running Windows Phone are just as fast Woodman has offered cash for anyone whose device can beat a Windows phone in a speed test
EW.com  -- Robert Downey Jr. injured his ankle on the set of "  Iron Man 3 today , which will force a brief delay in production , Marvel Studios announced . The company released a statement saying the 47-year-old actor hurt himself while performing a stunt . The film has been in production since late May , and the accident occurred in Wilmington , North Carolina . No other details were released . Downey previously told EW he is eager to push the limits with this film . "  I feel like I do n't know where you go after Iron Man 3 . Leave it all on the field , you know ? " he said . In keeping with those ambitions , it sounds like he sustained a good football injury . It 's not clear how long the production would be put on hold . Marvel said only that it would be "  a short delay " while he recuperates . Downey 's rep confirmed to EW that the star would be fine , and that they 're still waiting to see how long he 'll need before returning to the shoot . Iron Man 3 is set for release May 3 , 2013 , and that 's unlikely to change . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Downey 's injury halted production of "  Iron Man 3 " The film has been in production since May Downey 's rep confirmed to EW that the star would be fine
CNN  -- A United States Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon completes a triple roll in the sky above the largest aerospace and defense show in Asia . It 's followed with an aerial demonstration by the U.S. MV-22B Osprey -- the world 's first production tilt-rotor aircraft . It can take off and land like a helicopter , but flies with the range , airspeed and payload of a fixed-wing airplane . Inside the vast exhibition hall , trade visitors to the biennial Singapore Airshow eye some of the latest global offerings in military technology such as unmanned aerial vehicles , anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare aircraft , fire control radars and infrared counter-measures . Keen to demonstrate its supremacy in defense and aerospace technology , the United States has more on display than any other country . "  A lot of the bells and whistles , new avionics , and the 21st century equipment -- it all started as industry and showcasing their work , " says Col. Marc Caudill , mission commander for the U.S. military forces supporting the airshow . China 's approach In the same exhibition hall , there 's a different approach from China . Little is known about the extent of China 's military capabilities , and so when the country takes part in an airshow , as in Singapore , it attracts attention . Compared with more than 160 U.S. military and commercial companies represented in Singapore this week , China has 20 exhibitors . Defense experts say any discussion of China 's military capabilities needs to be centered around what 's not on display , rather than what is . The U.S. defense budget is the highest in the world , with IHS Jane 's Defence estimating last year 's spending at $ 582.4 billion . But China 's fast-growing economy has also allowed hefty increases in military spending . Its defense budget of $ 139.2 billion for 2013 is the world 's second largest , according to IHS Defence , which provides defense and security analysis . Couple that with regional disputes escalating in Asia , including China 's controversial declaration of an air defense identification zone  ADIZ  in the East China Sea -- and its increased assertiveness in the South China Sea -- and the country is increasingly seen as a major force . Generals , ministers , bureaucrats At the Singapore event , manufacturers rub shoulders with high-ranking generals , government ministers and defense bureaucrats from around the world , all eyeing potential deals . "  No one wants this to be seen as an arms bazaar , but on the other hand , it 's a good opportunity to position your wares and explain where you fit into the broader strategic context , " says Richard Aboulafia , analyst of the Teal Group , which researches the aerospace and defense industry . The state-owned China National Aero-Technology Import and Export Corporation  CATIC  has one of the show 's largest stands out of the Chinese exhibitors . CATIC 's core business is aviation defense -- models on display here include the L-15 advanced jet trainer , the FC-1 / JF-17 Thunder fighter aircraft , an attack helicopter , and an unmanned combat aerial vehicle , the Wing Loong . Competing with the Russians China is working hard to sell its aircraft overseas , says Wendell Minnick , Asia bureau chief for Defense News . "  They really want to sell the L-15 -- that 's a big deal , " Minnick says . "  They 're looking at markets like Africa and South America -- more affordable platforms that compete with the Russians . " But Minnick says China 's models on display pale in comparison with those of the U.S. "  These are very simple platforms , including single engine fighters . They would n't last long against the Americans but they 're not worried about that . You know if they want to go up against the Americans they 'll use their air-to-air or surface - to-air missiles and knock out one of our fighter jets . " Acrobatic displays Missing from the CATIC stand is a model of the fourth-generation , Chinese-made J-10 fighter , the multi-role combat aircraft which , some weeks ago , was expected to take part in the airshow 's aerobatic displays , but later inexplicably pulled out . At the airshow , the U.S. is displaying a mock-up of its fifth-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter , but the development of its Chinese equivalents , the J-20 and J-31 stealth fighters , is shrouded in secrecy . "  I think it 's less about hardware and more about just posturing , " says Richard Aboulafia , analyst of the Teal Group , which researches the aerospace and defense industry . "  The U.S. is extremely transparent , and the West tends to regard military capability as something you slowly develop and then you deploy . And if it comes to it , you use it . Vision of warfare "  China 's deployment of prototypes speaks to a vision of warfare that 's completely different from the West . " Richard Bitzinger , senior fellow from the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore and global expert on the Chinese military , agrees . "  I think China has been able to think creatively about how they use what they do have . That 's why we 're worried about things like their cyber war capabilities or new types of weapons systems like an anti-ship ballistic missile , " Bitzinger says . "  It does n't have to be particularly cutting edge , high-tech , 22nd century stuff , but the fact that -LSB- the Chinese -RSB- have it , and how they use it , are things that change the rules of the road . " When it comes to China , quantity has a quality all of its own , Bitzinger says . Military power is about how your equipment stacks up against your likely competitor , he adds .	Biennial Singapore Airshow shows off latest in military technology China 's offerings attract special attention U.S. jets are considered superior , but China may not be displaying all it has
EW  -- The big-screen "  Scream " franchise could be coming to MTV . The cable network has greenlit a pilot based on the films . MTV and Dimension Films ' one-hour pilot will attempt to reinvent the 1996 horror-comedy that spawned three sequels . Death Watch : Final TV survival predictions of the season The partners are in talks with the original film 's director , Wes Craven , to helm the one-hour pilot ; there 's no deal yet for a writer . If ordered to series , "  Scream " would debut in the summer of 2014 . TV 's 10 most maligned comedies MTV also announced a third season of "  Snooki & JWoww , " along with three new series : -- Docu-drama "  Generation Cryo " "  explores the issues faced by a new generation of kids coming of age who were conceived via anonymous sperm donors and are redefining what it means to be a family . " -- "  Nurse Nation "  working title  is a new docu-series that follows nine 20-something travel nurses all assigned to work at a new hospital in a brand new city for 13 weeks . -- "  The Hook Up "  working title  , hosted by Andrew Schulz of MTV2 's series "  Guy Code , " is a weekday afternoon dating show where singles looking for a match will choose from four potential suitors based on their social media history . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	MTV has greenlit a pilot based on the ` Scream ' movies Director Wes Craven is in talks to helm the one-hour pilot If ordered to series , ` Scream ' would debut in summer 2014
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A woman who helped raise a child with her female partner in Vermont before the pair split can visit the girl in Virginia even though that state does n't recognize same-sex unions , a court ruled Friday . Janet Jenkins with Isabella , the daughter she helped raise with former partner Lisa Miller . Virginia 's Supreme Court ruled that Janet Jenkins and Lisa Miller 's civil union in 2000 gave Vermont , and its law on same-sex unions , jurisdiction over their subsequent custody and visitation disputes . Miller moved to Virginia with the child in 2003 , and a Vermont court granted Jenkins visitation rights . But Miller took the case to a Virginia court , which ruled that Jenkins had no such rights there . The case was considered by legal experts to be the first conflict between two state courts over a major legal question arising from same-sex unions . Jenkins ' attorney , Joseph Price of the Washington law firm Arent Fox , said Friday 's ruling "  just affirms the old principle that when these kinds of custody and visitation disputes begin in one state , that 's where they should remain . " "  You ca n't shop them around to another state , " Price said . "  Virginia really had no choice but to enforce judgments and judicial orders from Vermont . " Vermont is one of the few states that allow same-sex partners to enter into a civil union . Two years after Vermont recognized Miller and Jenkins ' relationship , Miller gave birth to a daughter , Isabella , conceived through artificial insemination . The relationship deteriorated , and Miller and the baby moved to Virginia . A Vermont court later granted Miller a dissolution of the civil union and granted custody of the child to her and visitation rights to Jenkins . Miller then asked the courts in Virginia -- which does not recognize same-sex unions or marriages -- to take jurisdiction of the dispute . A Virginia state judge eventually ruled that Jenkins had no "  parentage or visitation rights . " The Virginia high court ruling Friday returned the case to Vermont 's control , meaning Jenkins can visit the girl , who is now 6 . Miller 's attorney , Mathew Staver , said he was "  disappointed the state sidestepped the larger legal questions . " "  This case shows that one state is not an island in the same-sex marriage dispute , and underscores having state laws that protect traditional one-man , one-woman marriages , " said Staver , chairman of Liberty Counsel , a law firm that fights on behalf of what it calls "  traditional families . " Miller said in 2005 that she was doing what was best for her daughter and was no longer a lesbian . "  I am Isabella 's mom . I did conceive her ; I birthed her , " she said . "  I 'm raising her . And in my opinion , Isabella needs to stay with me 100 percent of the time , because I am the only person that she identifies as a mom . " Miller lives with Isabella in Winchester , Virginia . Jenkins did not offer an immediate reaction to the ruling but said in 2005 that she was only fighting for her rights as a parent . "  Justice will be served for Isabella , " she said . "  I believe that . And I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'll be with her for as long as I can , or I 'll be without her for as long as I have to , but I 'm her mom . "  She 's born here -LSB- in Vermont -RSB- . She 's always here . " Price said Jenkins , who lives in Fair Haven , Vermont , was supposed to visit Isabella last weekend , but Miller did n't appear with the girl . Friday 's ruling comes a week after the California Supreme Court 's refusal to delay its recent decision legalizing same-sex marriage in the state . Massachusetts also allows same-sex marriages ; Vermont and three other states permit civil unions , and 12 other states give gay and lesbian couples some legal rights . Virginia amended its constitution in 2007 to decree that marriage is defined as a union between one man and one woman .	Virginia ruling gives Vermont court jurisdiction over case Janet Jenkins and Lisa Miller were in civil union in Vermont but later split Miller moved to Virginia with child ; Vermont court allowed Jenkins visitation Miller got Virginia court to block visitation ; Friday 's ruling overturns that
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong authorities said Friday that they had confiscated $ 1.4 million worth of ivory that arrived smuggled in a shipping container from Africa , the second large seizure of tusks at the busy port in the past month . Customs officials discovered the 1,330 kilograms  about 2,900 pounds  of illegal ivory Thursday in a container from Tanzania that was marked as carrying sunflower seeds , authorities said . The 569 tusks , worth 10.56 million Hong Kong dollars  about $ 1.4 million U.S.  , were in the back of the container , buried under hundreds of bags of the seeds . The Hong Kong government said customs officials are investigating the case and are still trying to find "  the smuggling syndicate members . " The container had been picked out for inspection based on "  risk assessment , " authorities said . The seizure follows the roughly $ 3.4 million worth in ivory found in two shipping containers last month , one of the largest amounts ever seized in Hong Kong . Those containers arrived from Tanzania and Kenya , according to Hong Kong customs officials . The agency seized 1,209 pieces of ivory tusks and 3 pounds of ivory ornaments from the two containers , discovered over a period of two days . In that case , Hong Kong customs officials were on alert after a tip-off from officials in Guangdong , China . Read more : Priest embroiled in ivory smuggling controversy Seven people , including one Hong Kong resident , were arrested by Chinese officials in connection with the case , authorities said at the time . Hong Kong is viewed as a transit point for the illegal ivory trade , feeding into increasing demands in China , according to a Time article published last month . Elephants are being killed in Africa at an alarming rate as international demand soars for ivory . Much of the demand comes from increasingly affluent Asian countries , particularly China and Thailand . Before this year , the most recent major bust in Hong Kong occurred in 2011 , when officials seized a shipment of ivory and rhinoceros horns valued at $ 2.2 million Hong Kong dollars . Journalist Paavan Mathema contributed to this report .	This is the second large amount of ivory confiscated in Hong Kong in the past month 569 tusks were found under sunflower seeds in a shipping container The container came from Tanzania as was picked out for inspection by officials
CNN  A technology executive and five other people are feared dead after a suspicious fire destroyed a mansion in Annapolis , Maryland . The house belonged to technology executive Don Pyle , the chief operating officer for ScienceLogic , company spokesman Antonio Piraino said . Pyle had not been heard from on Monday , and his colleagues at ScienceLogic were "  hoping for a miracle , " CNN affiliate WJLA reported . Pyle was believed to have been at home with his wife and four grandchildren . When the first firefighters arrived on the scene , they received conflicting reports about whether the family may have been out of town . But after interviews with relatives , "  it has been determined that six members of the family are not accounted for , " the Anne Arundel County Fire Department said . Fire officials said they were alerted about 3:30 a.m. Monday to the fire in the 16,000-square-foot house . About 80 firefighters responded . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is assisting the local fire department , and an ATF national response team is being assembled because the fire was deemed suspicious , a law enforcement official said . The burned-out home is being treated as a crime scene until investigators figure out the cause , the official said . The Anne Arundel County Fire Department said fire crews had difficulty knocking down the blaze because the house is secluded , apparently with no fire hydrants on the scene . Photos the fire department posted on Twitter showed hoses stretched for long distances . Davies said it took several hours for fire department tanker trucks and a fire boat on an adjacent creek to bring the fire under control , he said . ATF Special Agent Dave Cheplak said no one has searched for possible victims yet because of the size and heat of the fire . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	Technology executive Don Pyle owned the house The fire destroyed the 16,000-square-foot mansion , a fire official said
U.S. contractor Alan Gross , held by the Cuban government since 2009 , was freed Wednesday as part of a landmark deal with Cuba that paves the way for a major overhaul in U.S. policy toward the island , senior administration officials tell CNN . President Barack Obama spoke with Cuban President Raul Castro Tuesday in a phone call that lasted about an hour and reflected the first communication at the presidential level with Cuba since the Cuban revolution , according to White House officials . Obama announced Gross ' release and the new diplomatic stance at noon in Washington . At around the same time , Cuban president Raul Castro was set to speak in Havana . President Obama announced a major loosening of travel and economic restrictions on the country . And the two nations are set to re-open embassies , with preliminary discussions on that next step in normalizing diplomatic relations beginning in the coming weeks , a senior administration official tells CNN . Talks between the U.S. and Cuba have been ongoing since June of 2013 and were facilitated by the Canadians and the Vatican in brokering the deal . Pope Francis -- the first pope from Latin America -- encouraged Obama in a letter and in their meeting this year to renew talks with Cuba on pursuing a closer relationship . Gross ' "  humanitarian " release by Cuba was accompanied by a separate spy swap , the officials said . Cuba also freed a U.S. intelligence source who has been jailed in Cuba for more than 20 years , although authorities did not identify that person for security reasons . The U.S. released three Cuban intelligence agents convicted of espionage in 2001 . The developments constitute what officials called the most sweeping change in U.S. policy toward Cuba since 1961 , when the embassy closed and the embargo was imposed . Officials described the planned actions as the most forceful changes the president could make without legislation passing through Congress . For a President who took office promising to engage Cuba , the move could help shape Obama 's foreign policy legacy . "  We are charting a new course toward Cuba , " a senior administration official said . "  The President understood the time was right to attempt a new approach , both because of the beginnings of changes in Cuba and because of the impediment this was causing for our regional policy . " Gross was arrested after traveling under a program under the U.S. Agency for International Development to deliver satellite phones and other communications equipment to the island 's small Jewish population . Cuban officials charged he was trying to foment a "  Cuban Spring . " In 2011 , he was convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison for attempting to set up an Internet network for Cuban dissidents "  to promote destabilizing activities and subvert constitutional order . " After losing hope and health in Cuba , Gross finally released Senior administration officials and Cuba observers have said recent reforms on the island and changing attitudes in the United States have created an opening for improved relations . U.S. and Cuban officials say Washington and Havana in recent months have increased official technical-level contacts on a variety of issues . Obama publicly acknowledged for the first time last week that Washington was negotiating with Havana for Gross ' release through a "  variety of channels . " "  We 've been in conversations about how we can get Alan Gross home for quite some time , " Obama said in an interview with Fusion television network . "  We continue to be concerned about him . " Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , and Rep. Chris Van Hollen , Gross ' Maryland congressman , are on the plane with Alan Gross and his wife , Judy , according to government officials . The group of members left at 4 a.m. ET Wednesday from Washington for Cuba . More on detained Americans Gross ' lawyer , Scott Gilbert , told CNN last month the years of confinement have taken their toll on his client . Gross has lost more than 100 pounds and is losing his teeth . His hips are so weak that he can barely walk and he has lost vision in one eye . He has also undertaken hunger strikes and threatened to take his own life . With Gross ' health in decline , a bipartisan group of 66 senators wrote Obama a letter in November 2013 urging him to "  act expeditiously to take whatever steps are in the national interest to obtain -LSB- Gross 's -RSB- release . " The three Cubans released as a part of the deal belonged the so-called Cuban Five , a quintet of Cuban intelligence officers convicted in 2001 for espionage . They were part of what was called the Wasp Network , which collected intelligence on prominent Cuban-American exile leaders and U.S. military bases . The leader of the five , Gerardo Hernandez , was linked to the February 1996 downing of the two civilian planes operated by the U.S.-based dissident group Brothers to the Rescue , in which four men died . He is serving a two life sentences . Luis Medina , also known as Ramon Labanino ; and Antonio Guerrero have just a few years left on their sentences . The remaining two -- Rene Gonzalez and Fernando Gonzalez -- were released after serving most of their 15-year sentences and have already returned to Cuba , where they were hailed as heroes . Wednesday 's announcement that the U.S. will move toward restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba will also make it easier for Americans to travel to Cuba and do business with the Cuban people by extending general licenses , officials said . While the more liberal travel restrictions wo n't allow for tourism , they will permit greater American travel to the island . Secretary of State John Kerry has also been instructed to review Cuba 's place on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list , potentially paving the the way a lift on certain economic and political sanctions . The revised relationship between the U.S. and Cuba comes ahead of the March 2015 Summit of the Americas , where the island country is set to participate for the first time . In the past , Washington has vetoed Havana 's participation on the grounds it is not a democracy . This year , several countries have said they would not participate if Cuba was once again barred . While only Congress can formally overturn the five decades-long embargo , the White House has some authorities to liberalize trade and travel to the island . The 1996 Helms-Burton Act , which enshrined the embargo into legislation , allows for the President to extend general or specific licenses through a presidential determination , which could be justified as providing support for the Cuban people or democratic change in Cuba . Both Presidents Clinton and Obama exercised such authority to ease certain provisions of the regulations implementing the Cuba sanctions program . In an effort to boost the nascent Cuban private sector , the President will also allow expanded commercial sales and exports of goods and services to Cuba , particularly building materials for entrepreneurs and private residences , and allow greater business training , as well as permit greater communications hardware and services to go to the island . Other announced changes permit U.S. and Cuban banks to build relationships and travelers to use credit and debit cards . U.S. travelers will be allowed to import up to $ 400 worth of goods from Cuba , including $ 100 in alcohol and tobacco -- even Cuban cigars . Remittances by Americans to their families back in Cuba will also be increased to approximately $ 2,000 per quarter . Officials stressed the moves were not being undertaken to prop up the Castro regime , but rather to encourage further reforms on the island . "  None of this is seen as a reward . All of this is seen as a way of promoting change in Cuba because everything we have done in the past has demonstrably failed , " another senior administration official said . "  This is not the U.S. government saying Cuba has gotten so much better . It is still an authoritarian state and we still have profound differences with this government . " "  But if we hope for change with Cuba , we must try for a different approach . And we believe that considerably more engagement with the Cuban people and the Cuban government is the way to do that , " the official said , adding that the United States "  will not for a moment lessen our support for improvement in human rights . " To that end , Cuba has agreed to release 53 political prisoners from a list of names provided by the United States . At least one of the prisoners has already been released . Havana has also agreed to permit significant access by its citizens to the Internet and allow the International Committee of the Red Cross and United Nations human rights officials back on the island for the first time in years . Talks on a deal began between senior White House and Cuban officials last year and happened in fits and starts , officials said . The officials praised the role the Vatican played as guarantor of the process . Officials would not reveal the name of the U.S. intelligence source , but officials said he was the individual who revealed to the U.S. the Wasp network , which included the Cuban Five . "  He was a very important hero , " the U.S. official said . The moves are far more sweeping than the last action Obama took toward Cuba in January 2011 , when he eased restrictions on travel to and from the island . Relations have been largely frozen since Gross ' conviction and the White House has made his release a condition of improved ties . In 2013 , Obama drew praise from advocates of changing U.S. policy toward Cuba when he said the U.S. had to be "  creative " and "  thoughtful " about fostering change on the island . "  The notion that the same policies that we put in place in 1961 would somehow still be as effective as they are today , in the age of the Internet and Google and world travel , does n't make sense , " Obama said at a November 2013 fundraiser in Florida . "  We have to continue to update our policies . "	The Obama administration announces landmark deal with Cuba Alan Gross , arrested and held in Cuba since 2009 , was freed Wednesday Improved relations between the U.S. and Cuba will ease travel restrictions between the two countries
CNN  -- A woman who was inside a "  sweat lodge " at an Arizona retreat where three people died this month described people vomiting and screaming . "  Everybody was throwing up everywhere . There was spitting going on . ... People were so disoriented they were screaming at one point , " said Beverly Bunn of Texas . Three people died after spending time in the sweat lodge October 8 and nearly 20 others were injured . Two were pronounced dead shortly after they arrived at a local hospital and a third died October 17 after being hospitalized since the incident . Bunn described a scene of horror and confusion inside the dome-like structure , which was covered with tarps and blankets and had hot rocks and water inside to create steam . "  I saw all of these people lying around and mucus coming out of their nose and mouth and eyes rolled back in their heads . " There were as many as 65 visitors , ages 30 to 60 , attending the program at the resort . They spent as long as two hours inside the sweat lodge . The self-help expert who ran the program said it has been a "  difficult " period but that he will continue his schedule of events despite the deaths . James Arthur Ray , who ran the "  Spiritual Warrior " program at the Angel Valley Retreat Center near Sedona , also addressed the families of those who died . "  I feel your pain . I accept your anger . And I pray for you all to have some measure of peace and comfort , " Ray wrote Tuesday on his blog . "  I want you to know that I too want to know what happened that caused this horrible tragedy . My team and I are working with the appropriate authorities and have even hired our own investigators to find out the truth . " Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh told reporters October 15 the sweat lodge was meant to be a "  spiritual awakening " exercise for participants in the "  Spiritual Warrior " program . Bunn said the sauna-like conditions got to several of the people inside . "  They were yelling and yelling , yelling at this man because he was so disoriented that he actually started crawling into the pit with the hot rocks . " Watch what woman saw in sweat lodge Native Americans used sweat lodges in spiritual and physical purification ceremonies . "  These have been the most difficult 10 days of our lives , " Ray wrote . "  People are throwing out accusations and disparaging me and our mission . Yet despite that , and despite considerable criticism , I have chosen to continue with my work . It 's too important not to . " Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach people how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically , and spiritually . He has appeared on various national programs in the United States , including CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " A homicide investigation into the incident is under way , authorities have said .	NEW : Sweat lodge survivor describes chaotic scene inside sauna-like conditions James Arthur Ray says he feels peoples ' pain , vows to continue programs Three people died after spending time in sweat lodge as part of Ray 's program Arizona authorities investigating case as homicide
Less than two months after 43-year-old Eric Garner died in a police chokehold , New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton announced that all NYPD officers will undergo a three-day retraining period on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect . The training will focus on how officers can avoid physical confrontations when talking to and restraining suspects , as well as how to safely take them into custody without bringing harm to either the individual or the officer . Officers will also undergo a leadership and cultural sensitivity workshop . "  It was evident to me and Mayor  Bill  de Blasio ... that there was a need for a fundamental shift in the culture of the department , from an overarching focus on police activity ... to an emphasis on collaborative problem-solving with the community , " Bratton said before the city council 's Committee for Public Safety Monday . The retraining will begin with a pilot program in November and then will then be administered to the approximately 20,000 officers who regularly serve on patrol . The remaining 15,000 officers will receive the training as part of their annual "  in-service " training program . New recruits will adopt the new training program into their existing curriculum . Funds needed for program Bratton appealed to the city council for monetary support for the new initiative , estimating that the NYPD will need about $ 25 million to pay for additional trainers , expand the size of the Police Academy staff , and to cover overtime compensation costs for officers needed to fill in for other officers during their three-day training period . Bratton ordered an extensive review of the NYPD 's training procedures following Garner 's death and hopes that new resources devoted to training will lead to overall improvement in officer practices . "  We can not arrest our way out of every crime problem , " Bratton said . "  Arrests will always be a critical part of what we do . However , there are other tools in our toolbox we can use when the situation calls for it . " Death ruled a homicide Garner , a father of six , died after NYPD officers confronted him on Staten Island for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally . During the encounter , a video shows a police officer grabbing the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pulling him onto a sidewalk . The New York City Medical Examiner 's office later ruled Garner 's death a homicide . The cause of death was "  compression of neck  choke hold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police . " A Staten Island grand jury is expected to hear evidence in the case sometime this month . Another restraint death On July 13 , another suspect died after being restrained in police custody -- a death that was also ruled a homicide , the medical examiner 's office said . Ronald Singleton , who was African-American , was taken into police custody after a yellow cab driver flagged down a police officer near St. Patrick 's Cathedral in Manhattan , police said in a statement . The cab driver claimed the passenger was "  acting overly irate and irrational , cursing and screaming and causing alarm , " according to the statement . Singleton got out of the taxi and "  became combative with the officer , trying to fight with him , " the police statement said . The officer called for help and other officers responded , along with members of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit . Singleton , 45 , was placed in a "  protective body wrap by the ESU officers , " the police statement said . An ambulance was taking Singleton to a hospital when he went into cardiac arrest , the statement said . Singleton was dead on arrival at Roosevelt Hospital . The NYPD said it was cooperating with the Manhattan district attorney 's office investigation of the death . The medical examiner 's office said factors such as "  hypertensive and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease " and obesity contributed to Singleton 's death . Death of man restrained by NYPD ruled homicide	NYPD to institute use-of-force retraining after deaths of two suspects Eric Garner died after police used a chokehold on him Ronald Singleton also died after being put in a body wrap to restrain him
CNN  -- Apple prides itself on being green . The gadget maker announced this year that it would power a data center in North Carolina "  using entirely renewable sources . " And it publishes environmental reports on each of its products , indicating whether they can be recycled and what steps the company is taking to reduce its impact on global climate change . But this has been a bad week for the company 's green image . "  Apple computers are falling further from the tree of life and leaving a sour taste in some purchaser 's mouths , " wrote Tim Wall , a blogger for Discovery News . The first bit damaging of news was about Apple 's decision to dump an international green certification system that is used by the U.S. government to determine whether its agencies can or can not purchase a product . Apple would not comment on exactly why it abandoned the EPEAT environmental standard , which measures a product 's recyclability and energy efficiency . The Internet , however , speculated widely that the company 's new MacBook Pro line is n't easily recycled since the laptops ' batteries are glued to their aluminum cases . And perhaps that was the reason Apple decided to pull out now , before those laptops were reviewed by EPEAT . Then came Greenpeace . On Thursday , a report from that environmental group challenged Apple to tell the public how , exactly , it plans to make its data centers 100 % green . "  This new ambition to be ` coal free ' is welcome news for the 125 million current iCloud users , and represents a significant improvement in Apple 's energy choices , " Greenpeace wrote . "  However , many details and questions remain about how Apple will achieve its 100 % renewable goal from the public dialogue Greenpeace International has had with the company . "  Two of Apple 's three current data centers operate in regions that are 50-60 % coal powered , and will require significant new investment or a clear decision by Apple to buy electricity from cleaner sources in order to be considered coal free . " Because of Apple 's recent statements about clean energy , however , Greenpeace actually raised the company 's grades for the environmental friendliness of its data centers from Ds and an F , which it gave the company in April , to Cs and Ds . "  As a large and rapidly growing energy user , Apple can not be a sustainability leader if it remains a passive recipient of the electricity it is provided from dirty utilities , " the Greenpeace report says  PDF  . "  To show true leadership , the company has to be willing to use its influence to change the electricity ecosystem outside the walls of its data centers as well . " Specifically , Greenpeace says , Apple should pressure Duke Energy , which it says provides power to its North Carolina data center , to produce energy by cleaner means and to end its "  mountaintop coal removal operations " from Apple 's supply chain . In a statement issued to CNN by e-mail , an Apple spokeswoman said the company 's existing data centers will not use coal energy by early next year . "  We 're committed to building the world 's most environmentally responsible data centers and are leading the industry in the use of renewable energy , including the nation 's largest private solar arrays and non-utility fuel cell installation , " the statement said . "  As we 've said before , our North Carolina and California data centers will be coal-free as of February 2013 and our newest data centers in Oregon and Nevada will be designed to meet that standard from Day One . " Apple operates a data center in Maiden , North Carolina , as well as one in Prineville , Oregon , the report says . The company is planning data centers in Reno , Nevada , and Newark , California , according to the report . The location of those data centers is important , Greenpeace argues , because data centers -- basically big warehouses full of computers that store data "  in the cloud " or online rather than on home machines -- are such big users of electricity . Apple uses data centers for its iCloud service , which lets users store music , photos and documents on the Internet / where they can be accessed from several devices . Environmental groups pressure tech companies to locate their data centers in places where green power is available or where less energy will be required to cool the plant . Data centers account for about 1.5 % of total electricity consumption in the United States , according to a 2007 report from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . As tech companies like Apple , Amazon and Google expand the offerings of their cloud computing services , the amount of power going into data centers continues to grow . Greenpeace 's Thursday report , titled "  A Clean Energy Road Map for Apple , " also calls on Apple to take several other specific steps if it wants to meet its goals of using 100 % green energy . Among its recommendations , it says Apple should : • Buy renewable energy for its data center in Oregon instead of purchasing renewable energy credits from Pacific Power . • Create on-site power sources , find a source of biogas and retire its renewable energy credits from on-site power at its North Carolina data center . • Create a policy for future data centers ' locations that prioritizes the availability of renewable energy sources . Apple did not respond to a request for comment . In the Greenpeace report , Google , Facebook and Dell generally got better marks than Apple . Amazon ranked worse than Apple , earning Fs for transparency and its decisions about where to place its data centers . Scores for those other companies were carried over from an April report and will be re-evaluated on a company-by-company basis this year , Greenpeace says .	Greenpeace : Apple needs to do more to reach its clean energy goals Environmental group applauds Apple 's green ambitions Apple has been catching heat for abandoning a green electronics standard Greenpeace gave the company C and D rankings for the greenness of iCloud
CNN  Are you smarter than a really smart Singapore high school student ? See if you can figure out Cheryl 's birthday , the Singapore logic problem that 's got the Internet twisted into knots . Some are even saying it 's the math equivalent of the "  What color is the dress " debate . The puzzling problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook . Cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad , held April 8 . Here it is : Cheryl has a birthday , and she does n't want to share it right away .  Otherwise , we have no challenge to solve .  So she gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates : May 15 , May 16 , May 19 , June 17 , June 18 , July 14 , July 16 , August 14 , August 15 or August 17 . A brief conversation between Albert and Bernard -- who we assume are not lying for the sake of this problem -- gives the reader enough clues to eliminate nine of the 10 dates and discover Cheryl 's birthday . That 's assuming you want to celebrate with Cheryl after she 's put you through all that trouble . See our video below for the answer from Georgia Tech Mathematician Matt Baker . The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem , along with explanations . Of course , the Internet has offered other solutions .	A logic question about "  Cheryl 's birthday " goes viral The clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities It spread after a Singapore television host posted it to Facebook
CNN  -- Penthouse magazine founder Bob Guccione died Wednesday of cancer at a Plano , Texas , hospital , his family said Wednesday night . Guccione , 79 , died at Plano Specialty Hospital , with his wife , April Dawn Warren Guccione and two of his children , Bob Jr. and Tonina , at his side , a family statement said . April Guccione 's mother , Georgann Flinchbaugh , told CNN her daughter , who had been married to the publishing and entertainment magnate since 2006 , was too distraught to talk . "  He was a wonderful man , " Flinchbaugh said . "  She 's heartbroken . He was the love of her life . " Bob Guccione : Life in the Penthouse Guccione launched Penthouse magazine , one of several magazine ventures , in 1965 . He and Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner competed for the attention of men for several decades . A painter and art collector , the businessman was born into a family of Sicilian immigrants in Brooklyn , New York . Guccione 's consuming interest was painting , the family said , and in 1948 he wrote to a friend , "  I want to devote my life to the serious and profound intricacies of true and imaginative art . " Eventually , he launched Penthouse , which was more explicit than Playboy , its main competitor . The Penthouse key became a well-known trademark . Guccione , who was married four times , also produced or invested in several movies , including "  Caligula " and "  Chinatown . " Writing in New York magazine , Anthony Haden-Guest said , "  Bob Guccione pushed the soft-core envelope , building one of the most profitable porn empires in the world . " Services will be private , the family said .	Penthouse magazine founder Bob Guccione dies at 79 He had fought long battle with cancer
CNN  -- Not content with dominating the world of golf , Rory McIlroy showed off his tennis skills at an exhibition in Madison Square Garden featuring his girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki . The Dane was struggling at a set and 5-4 down to Maria Sharapova when she lightheartedly asked McIlroy , who was among the audience , for his help . The 22-year-old from Northern Ireland needed no second prompting and to the delight of the sell-out 18,000 crowd took up her offer . Addressing the tennis ball as if playing a golf shot , McIlroy tried surprise tactics on Sharapova by quickly starting a rally with a top-spin forehand . Love all : The top 15 tennis romances It came back with a bit of interest and McIlroy had to produce a nifty backhand slice to stay in the rally . After trading a couple more gentle shots , Sharapova sent a backhand volley wide and McIlroy quickly ran back to his seat before the world number two could get her inevitable revenge . Unfortunately for fourth-ranked Wozniacki , her Russian opponent was not so generous to her and closed out a 6-3 6-4 victory . McIlroy , who went to the top of the golf rankings after his superb win at the Honda Classic on Sunday , was besieged by autograph hunters and told onlookers it was "  nice to take a little break from golf " . He is back in action to defend his top spot in the WGC-Cadillac Championship at Doral Thursday . Meanwhile , Andy Roddick had some rare cheer in a disappointing season as he beat Roger Federer 7-5 7-6 in the other match played at the star-studded exhibition .	Rory McIlroy turns his hand to tennis at an exhibition event in New York New golf no. 1 ` wins ' rally against Russian superstar Maria Sharapova Sharapova beats McIlroy 's girlfriend 6-3 6-4 Andy Roddick beats Roger Federer 7-5 7-6 at Madison Square Garden
CNN  -- The chilling 911 call from a man whose single-engine plane had crashed into the icy Hudson River captures what he thought were his last moments . "  I am going to lose you . I am going to lose you ! " Christopher Smidt , 43 , told the 911 operator as he and his flight instructor got out of the aircraft and into frigid waters of the Hudson near Yonkers , New York . "  It 's freezing , " Smidt gasps as the chill of the water overtakes his body . Smidt , a student pilot , and his instructor , Deniece De Priester , 39 , were flying a Piper PA-32 late Sunday afternoon , using visual flight rules and not receiving air traffic control services , the FAA said . The calm emergency operator urged Smidt and De Priester to get out of the cockpit : "  I need you to get out of the plane so you are not trapped in the plane . " "  We are out . We 're not going to make it to shore , " Smidt replied on the cell phone that he had used to contact 911 . The operator told Smidt that emergency services were on their way . But Smidt was not sure of his fate : "  OK . I 'm gon na lose you , " he said . Those were the last words the operator heard from him . Detective Daniel Higgins of the Yonkers Police Department was among the rescuers who pulled Smidt and De Preister from the water . "  We had access to the pilot boats , so we were able to get aboard and start it up and get to the two victims in the water , " he told CNN affiliate News 12 Westchester . "  If we did n't get there quick enough , well , let 's just say we were glad to get there quick . " Smidt credits De Priester for her fast thinking and her skill , as well as , the New York Police Department and the Yonkers Police Department and Higgins for saving their lives from the freezing water . "  I know I do n't want to be back in that water . I do n't want Deneice to be back in that water , " Smidt told CNN . Smidt and De Preister were taken to Jacobi Medical Center on Sunday and released on Monday . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the cause of the crash . Calls to Smidt and De Preister for comment were not returned . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Two people were aboard a single-engine Piper that crashed into the Hudson River "  It 's freezing , " man tells 911 operator as he and his instructor get out "  We were glad to get there quick , " detective says of water rescue Pair were taken to a medical center for minor injuries
Washington  CNN  -- Ever since Watergate became the shorthand for a government run amok , the political clichÃ © of our time has been about the political lesson of that era : That the coverup can be worse than the crime . Apply that clichÃ © to Benghazi -- and questions about the motive for removing the terror link from talking points about the Libyan attack in the heat of an election . Maybe there 's a corollary question that we ought to be asking : In politics , when did spin trump everything , even the truth ? We 're in dangerous territory right now , although the president himself seems to be having none of it , calling the investigation a "  political circus . " Sure it is . But in the center ring is something that still begs an explanation , despite the president 's dismissiveness : How -- and why -- did the account of what happened at Benghazi  i.e. the infamous talking points  go through a dozen iterations , beginning with a fairly detailed description of the potential involvement of al Qaeda that morphed over the course of a day into a simple , gauzy , bland  and false  theory ? Administration officials say , of course , that this is just part of the regular , interagency "  process " of consultation that occurs before information is released . In other words , this is the way intelligence always gets scrubbed and vetted . And in this case , do n't forget , the information was being released to members of Congress on the intelligence committees , so they could speak in public with some clarity  !  on Benghazi . But that also means the information was going to Republicans -- in the heat of the fall election -- so antennae were up . What 's more , the bureaucratic armor was on -- between people at the State Department and the CIA , each trying to make sure their agency was n't thrown under the bus for the obvious failures in Benghazi . All in all , just another day in Washington . Let 's try to deconstruct the accusations . First , the notion that politics was somehow at play is , of course , true . Was it 30 % or 50 % or 80 % of the problem ? Hard to say . What we do know is this : In an e-mail , Victoria Nuland , the State Department 's spokeswoman at the time , makes the point that a key paragraph in the talking points -- containing context and detail about five other attacks in Benghazi -- "  could be abused by members of Congress to beat up the State Department for not paying attention to warnings so why would we feed that either ... " She 's right : Republicans and Mitt Romney would no doubt have accused the administration of not paying enough attention to warning signs . But since it was also the truth -- or an important part of it -- why suppress it ? Then there 's the rest of the story , which may even be more dispositive . Although the U.S. ambassador to Libya lost his life , the exact nature of the Benghazi operation is tricky . White House spokesman Jay Carney says the White House changed the wording from "  consulate " to "  diplomatic facility " to be more accurate . So what does that mean ? Thanks to the digging of Glenn Kessler in The Washington Post , it looks very much like the Benghazi consulate "  was not a consulate at all but basically a secret CIA operation . " And , as Kessler also points out , the internal Accountability Review Board , in its investigation , tiptoed around the delicate matter : The U.S. Special Mission in Benghazi , it said , "  was never a consulate and never formally notified to the Libyan government . " In other words , this was a hit on a CIA outpost , resulting in the death of an ambassador who happened to be there at the time . That helps to explain the pushback from the State Department , which was publicly taking the heat -- and did n't want the CIA-driven talking points to add to the idea that they had failed to protect their own . In addition , State had been pretty mum on the whole picture , and Nuland did n't want the talking points to reflect more than she had been allowed to share publicly , so she naturally objected -- on behalf of her "  building 's leadership . " The bottom line : That the more complex version of the truth -- previous recent attacks , previous threats linked to al Qaeda , the presence of "  Islamic extremists " -- was somehow lost in translation and what emerged instead was something that turned out to be utterly false : a claim that the attack was "  spontaneously inspired by the protests at the U.S. embassy in Cairo . " In the end , there are two parts to this Benghazi brouhaha . The president called the controversy a "  sideshow , " and he 's right : Republicans are trying to fund-raise off of this and hurt Hillary Clinton . And maybe the president was goading them , knowing that if they go overboard , the public will turn on them . But the president 's dismissive attitude towards the whole mess willfully neglects the second part of the problem . He says , incredulously , "  who executes some sort of coverup or effort to tamp things down for three days ? So the whole thing defies logic . " Alas , it does n't . Nothing in life happens in a vacuum , and life in Washington is no different . In the context of the closing months of a presidential campaign , three days can be an eternity . And spinning across the finish line is all that counts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : When does spin go overboard , and out of control ? She asks : How did a broad assessment involving terror turn into a bland , false theory ? Bureaucrats took mention of al Qaeda out of the points distributed to Congress , others , she says Borger : President Obama neglects key point that the public was misled
CNN  The graffiti , written in a French chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark . "  HJ Leach . Merely a private . 13/7/16 . SA Australia , " reads one inscription . "  HA Deanate , 148th Aero Squadron , USA . 150 Vermilyea Ave , New York City , " another says . "  9th Batt Australians , G. Fitzhenry , Paddington , Sydney , N.S.W. , 1916 July ; Alistair Ross , Lismore , July , " reads a third . They were World War I soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near Naours , France , about 120 miles north of Paris . Photographer Jeff Gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site , describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as "  breathtaking . " "  This is a treasure trove , " he said Monday night from his home in East Texas , where he works as an ER doctor . "  Even locally , no one realized what was there . " Gusky , a National Geographic photographer , has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "  The Hidden World of WWI . " The revelations of the underground city , which extends for miles in some directions , have come to light recently only because of a series of events , Gusky said . The underground city actually dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century . It was rediscovered in the late 19th century . During World War I , soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways . The front was sometimes mere miles away ; the Battle of the Somme , one of the bloodiest in world history , was fought nearby in 1916 . The land was privately owned for many years and generally off-limits to outsiders , said Gusky , but it changed hands in 2013 . The rights to operate it were purchased by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote awareness of the area 's history , he said . Researching the city is a painstaking task . For one thing , it 's dark , so observers generally have n't realized what 's in there until they 've gone exploring . Moreover , the maze-like extensiveness of the site has made discovery a slow process . "  They go on and on and on . They 're so elaborate in some places , there are maps carved into stone so the soldiers would n't get lost , " he said . The graffiti looks like it was written yesterday , he added . Gusky has noted 1,821 names . About 40 % are Australian , with most of the others identified as British . Fifty-five are Americans , and 662 have yet to be traced . For Gusky , the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago . In many cases , they just wanted to be remembered , he said . "  Someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front , " he said . Leach , "  merely a private , " was killed a month later in battle , Gusky observed . "  It could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living , breathing human being , " he said . 7 things you did n't know about the man who started WWI	World War I graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry The writings are generally plain , with listings of names and places Photographer : Graffiti a human connection to the past
CNN  -- Online , you can project whatever identity you like . But for some people , it 's easier to have no identity at all . A new social networking site , Social Number , caters to those who have a preference for anonymity . Instead of a name or a handle or a thumbnail photo of themselves , users are identified only by a number . In this way , the site encourages users to discuss anything , from a bad job to a hot-button social issue to a substance-abuse problem , without fear that the conversation could be connected to their real-world identity . "  I had been feeling for a while that there were privacy issues with most social networking sites , " said the site 's creator , who gives his name only as M.K. "  I just felt that any time you search someone 's name , it pops up in every different way , from Facebook and Twitter and everyplace else ... I just felt that there was one site needed where people could come and talk ... freely and not worry about who 's going to read it and what 's going to happen . " Social Number is just the latest volley in a longstanding debate surrounding anonymity on the Internet . It 's an issue that encompasses online bullying , trolling and hoaxes like the one involving Notre Dame football star Manti Te'o . For every person pointing out the value in online anonymity , such as for political activists in nations where free speech is threatened , there are others who warn of its dangers . The controversial site 4chan , where anonymous users have been known to post offensive material , has long reveled in its anything-goes spirit . Other apps and sites geared toward the college-age crowd , such as Bored@Baker and Whisper , encourage anonymous posting , while a new app called Spraffl allows users to post anomymous location-based messages about local happenings . But social networks built on anonymity are still rare . Most of us see our online selves to be extensions of our real-world identities , and plenty of people hide their actual identity behind a username . But M.K. argues that using a unique number makes the cloak of anonymity that much more secure . As he told CNN , "  a number has no association with who you are . " Politics , religion and sex M.K. said he created the site as a more private space for those seeking to express themselves freely without the baggage of their online persona . Social Number 's community is still small : Since officially launching the site in mid-December , M.K estimates his membership is less than 10,000 , with 50 % to 70 % of his users residing in the United States . Here 's how it works : A user signs up with their e-mail address and date of birth  the site aims to restrict membership to those 18 and older  to get a number . Then a user is free to post "  expressions , " almost like status updates , on any topic they 'd like , or they can search for "  pals " or "  groups " that share their interests . Ideally , M.K. envisions the site operating like any other social network by fostering potential real-life connections for users . Social Number might remind you of a message board , with discussion threads on such topics as "  Is Atheism a Faith ? " and "  Discuss your bad bosses and suggestions on how to deal with them . " The majority of posts are text only , with few photos , videos or links . So far , most topics have been centered around politics , religion and sex , M.K. said . But he claims nobody has posted anything that 's caused him to investigate or remove a user . "  As long as people are doing legal activity on the site , it 's a freedom-of-speech issue , " M.K. said of his content guidelines .  The lengthy terms of use on the site includes a "  general prohibitions " section that lists restrictions against bullying , intimidating or harassing a user ; posting content that is hate speech , pornographic or threatening ; or that is otherwise illegal or promoting illegal activity . Content posted to Social Number is monitored , but users are also instrumental in policing each other and alerting the site if they see offensive postings , M.K. said . "  I knew people would be using it for taboo topics like politics , government , or drug abuse , dating tips , sex and those types of things , " he said . "  Which has happened , there have been a lot of groups created around that . But I 've  also  seen a lot of innocent groups . There 's a group on soccer and a group on cooking . " Avoiding being branded Social Number users say they find value in being able to openly mull sensitive topics without worrying about alienating or offending anyone . "  The anonymity aspect allows me to basically say everything that 's on my mind , " said Yuri Spiro , a 68-year-old publishing executive living in California . "  With Twitter , I 'm an identified person , and I certainly do n't want to get myself in a controversial situation with one of my friends or acquaintances ... they might decide not to be involved in activities with me . I definitely would not use Twitter in the same way . " Simrat Kaur , 38 , agrees . While the software-marketing professional visits Facebook five to 10 times a day , there are certain topics she would rather broach on Social Number . That way , she avoids difficult conversations or judgment from Facebook friends and opens herself up to a new set of ideas . "  I would get perspectives and opinions  on Facebook  very similar to mine . I might have 80 percent of my friends who think just like I do , " she said . "  So as a social network , Social Number helps me get viewpoints that may be dramatically different from mine that I may not have even considered . " Another user named Joni , a 45-year-old graphic designer who declined to give her last name , said she likes "  the idea of being anonymous , to be able to express political views without being branded in a sense of one way or another . " Joni said she does n't post anything on Social Number that she would n't want to be discovered . Instead , the anonymity allows for her to be more passionate in her views . "  On Facebook , generally I would discuss jobs or things that are more feminine issues , maybe diet or hairstyles .  It 's  much lighter ; it 's not the same , " she said . Whenever she expressed opinions about politics or current events on Facebook , many of her friends would respond , "  Joni , I did n't know you felt that way . " "  Rather than have all of that , it 's more fun to be totally anonymous , and you get your point across , " she said . That kind of dual use -- Facebook for one type of discussion , Social Number for another -- is exactly what M.K. sees in Social Number 's future . "  I think what 'll happen is that you 'll see most of the users continue to use their accounts for open social media  such as Facebook or Twitter  , and then create an account on here , " he said . "  It 's like a second life . You want a place to go where nobody knows you . "	A new social network , Social Number , lists users by a number , not by name It 's the latest entry in an ongoing debate surrounding online anonymity The CEO of the company sees it as a complement to open social networking Users say they appreciate being able to talk freely without fear of being judged
Wired  -- All indicators suggest Apple will unveil the iPad 3 during the first week of March . That 's less than a month away , and sources at The Next Web say Apple is in "  crunch mode , " working hard to line up apps that show off the unique features of the next-gen tablet . The iPad 3 is expected to feature a high-definition , 2048 x 1536 "  retina display . " If the new screen does appear in Apple 's big reveal , it should provoke all the excitement of the company 's first retina display , which appeared in the iPhone 4 in 2010 . According to a source who spoke with The New York Times , the next iPad 's screen will be "  truly amazing . " So which apps might Apple use to show off the brilliance of its new display hardware ? We 've identified four key app categories that would be ideal for demo'ing the HD display . We 've also spoken to software developers about their iPad 3 aspirations . None would spill any beans concerning launch-day involvement , but we did learn more about how the developer community is anticipating the new display . Photography Apps for shooting and viewing photographs would be ideal for showing off not only a high-resolution display , but also an improved camera , which is also a highly likely upgrade . iOS 5 has a hidden panorama mode that developers have n't yet been able to take advantage of . So , if an iOS update accompanies the iPad 3 launch , we might expect Apple to finally show off panorama mode in conjunction with an improved rear-facing camera .  The current iPad 2 camera is merely iPod touch caliber . And if Apple does n't want to show off its own panorama capabilities , apps like TourWrist and 360 Panorama would be great candidates to show off such a feature . TourWrist CEO Charles Armstrong is so confident that Apple will be doubling the number of pixels in the height and width of its next tablet , his team is already preparing a new version of its app . "  It 's four times as many pixels . That makes logical sense , and that 's what we 're anticipating . " As for viewing images , something like Fotopedia would be a great app for Apple to showcase at the iPad 3 demo . Essentially a depository of mind-blowing photojournalism , Fotopedia won the Tablet App of the Year award at 2011 ′ s Crunchies Awards  Silicon Valley 's version of the Oscars  . The app is broken down into various themed collections  e.g. , Dreams of Burma , National Parks and , most recently , Women of the World  , each full of stunning full-screen images . "  We love Apple , we only build apps for iOS , " Fotopedia senior vice president Christophe Daligault told Wired . "  We basically will be ready with very high-quality , high-definition content as soon as a higher-resolution iPad comes out , " he said . Daligault added it would only take a few weeks to tweak Fotopedia for a retina display iPad . So , theoretically , if Apple asked the company to demo at the iPad 3 launch , Fotopedia would be ready . "  But we havent gotten a phone call , " Daligault says . Steve Jobs emphasized that the iPad is n't just a tool for consumption , like other mobile devices -- it 's a tool for creation . Apple has its own photo-creation tools it can debut or update as well -- Photobooth for example . This app uses the iPad 2 ′ s front-facing camera for taking self portraits with different visual effects , and it could receive an HD update . Nonetheless , to expand its current content-creation possibilities for tablets , Apple would need to introduce new products . Most likely , we think , would be a new iPad 3 version of iPhoto for more professional-caliber photo editing on the go . Running a display resolution of 2048 x 1536 -- a higher resolution than that of the screen on the 15-inch MacBook Pro -- would allow photographers to dive quite deep into onscreen details . The display would also be terrific for sharing slideshows . Video When the iPad 2 launched , one of the major new apps Apple introduced was iMovie for iPad . iMovie lets you cut and edit video clips , use AirPlay to stream content to an Apple TV , and play video directly on the iPad itself . If the iPad 3 is getting a spiffy new HD display , and  just as likely  an improved camera capable of recording 1080p video -- you know , to match the display -- then an update to iMovie seems not just likely but inevitable . Like an iPhoto port for iPad , an update to iMovie would help solidify the iPad as a tool for creative types who do n't want to be tethered to a desktop or keyboard-burdened notebook . Other video-centric apps could focus on sports , like the MLB.com app that was singled out at the original iPad 's announcement .  Maybe we 'll see MLB at Bat 2012 .  And with Apple 's AirPlay feature , we could see Apple demoing 1080p streaming video from the Apple TV to the iPad 3 . Bottom line : If the new iPad does have a retina display , you can bet that action-packed , high-quality video will be a key part of the presentation . Games At the iPhone 4S launch , Apple showed off Infinity Blade II , which featured souped-up graphics to take advantage of the phone 's A5 processor and 3.5-inch retina display . The iPad 3 is very likely to sport either a dual-core or quad-core A6 processor . Either way , A6 performance will trump that of the iPad 2 ′ s A5 chip , and paired with a high-resolution display , an immersive , action-packed game like Infinity Blade would be just the title to show what the new tablet is capable of . Now , it does n't look like we 'll be seeing an HD version of Infinity Blade at the iPad 3 ′ s launch . Epic Games Representative Laura Mustard told us that the Infinity Blade team "  has n't been talking to Apple about their plans for the future . " So what are some other possibilities ? Gameloft 's N.O.V.A. 2 HD is a graphics-intensive iPad game that integrates with Apple TV and iCloud . It originally came out in January 2011 and was updated in November . "  Gameloft is always keen to anticipate and support innovative features enabled by Apple , " representative Jessica Lewinstein told us . N.O.V.A. 2 HD already has detailed graphics that would look even better on a higher-resolution display , not to mention a tablet with improved processor performance . At the iPad 's original launch in 2010 , CEO Steve Jobs focused on a 3-D version of the game Need for Speed , as well as other apps from Electronic Arts . Considering Apple and EA have teamed up before , it would n't be surprising to see an EA game onscreen in San Francisco in a month 's time . Options could be anything from Mirror 's Edge , whose sharp , high-flying action would make for an impressive spectacle , to maybe the iPad version of Battlefield 2 . An iPad version of Battlefield 3 would probably be a bit too much wishful thinking , but you never know . Textbooks Apple just updated iBooks and iTunes U , as well as ways to purchase and create digital textbooks , in its education-related announcement in January . It would n't be shocking to see the company iterate on these products one more time to make them HD ready . Display quality is currently an issue when reading textbooks on regular e-readers and current tablets . E-ink e-readers ca n't show off bold , color graphics  or any color at all  , and even the iPad 2 does n't have the display resolution to show off some educational content in all its glory . So being able to view and interact with images and diagrams in incredible detail on the iPad 3 would be an impressive addition to an already useful educational tool . Suddenly , processes like the Krebs Cycle would n't be so dry anymore , and you could actually attend your engineering lectures without lugging half a dozen different tomes in your backpack . Obviously , all of the app picks we mention above are purely speculative . But we would be surprised if Apple does n't showcase some type of app for each of the categories we 've called out . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The iPad 3 is expected to feature a high-definition , 2048 x 1536 retina display The new iPad is very likely to sport either a dual-core or quad-core A6 processor If the iPad gets a new HD display , an update of iMovie and digital textbooks seem inevitable
CNN  -- NBA star Yao Ming announced his retirement during a news conference in China on Wednesday . "  I need to make a personal decision , " Yao said . "  I am ending my basketball career . I am very grateful . I like to thank my family members and my parents . And the Houston Rockets . " Voted an All-Star player eight times while playing for the Houston Rockets , he was one of the most successful overseas players in the league . Yao has chalked up a career average of 19 points , 9.2 rebounds and 1.9 blocks . His field-goal percentage was 52.4 . In recent years , however , he struggled with foot and ankle injuries , and missed the 2009-2010 season . He suffered a stress fracture on his left ankle , and missed last season after playing only five games . Yao has been undergoing treatment and training in recent months , but some doubted he could make a comeback . The 30-year-old said he struggled to learn English when he first came to the United States , and grew a lot during his time in the country . "  Nine years ago , I came to Houston as a tall , skinny player . I grew to a man there . I also had my daughter there . I thank you all , " Yao said during the packed news conference in Shanghai . Yao 's retirement comes the same year as another NBA giant Shaquille O'Neal . Both seven-footers battled for many years . Kobe Bryant said Yao opened up doors for Chinese players to feel they could play in the NBA . "  All that started with Yao , " Bryant said . NBA Commissioner David Stern said the player has done his country proud . "  Yao has been without question a transformational player for our league , " Stern said . "  And a source of enormous pride to the people of China and people of Chinese descent in the United States . "	NBA star Yao Ming was one of the most successful overseas players in the league He struggled with foot and ankle injuries Yao was voted an All-Star player eight times while with the Houston Rockets
CNN  -- In San Diego County , officials are racing , literally , to save pets and livestock left behind by hundreds of thousands of residents fleeing the raging wildfires . Horses stand in a pen as fire threatens the Bonita neighborhood in San Diego , California . For the County of San Diego Department of Animal Services , it 's nonstop work to save as many lives as possible , said Lt. Daniel Desousa . "  We 're doing the best we can to keep ahead of the flames and pull the animals out , " he said Tuesday . "  Are animals going to be killed ? Yes . But we 're doing the best we can . " With help from Los Angeles and the Humane Society of the United States , the county 's 30 animal services officers have been answering calls from people who left their pets and livestock behind as well as those who have seen animals left in evacuated areas . Many people calling do n't have enough trailers to get all of their horses to safety and need help , he said . "  I never knew we had so many horses here , " Desousa said . "  And we 're seeing even more this time because our fires are bigger and worse  than the 2003 fires that swept the area  . " Watch people staying with pets at refuge " At a fairground in San Diego County , 2,000 horses are being boarded , but Desousa said it seems like horses are being housed everywhere -- even mall parking lots -- with their anxious owners standing next to them . "  If you have an open space , we 'll put horses on it , " he said . The Humane Society 's Curtis Ransom is stationed at an emergency campground in San Diego County where people have taken refuge with their dogs , cats , horses and even goats . "  It 's a whole different situation from Katrina ; people are taking care of the animals , " Ransom said . "  The message has gotten out . It 's a horrible disaster , but as far as the facilities and the willingness to take in animals , I do n't think there 's any hesitation , " he said . He said they have received invitations from shelters to take in pets -- they even have one place that could house an elephant , if needed -- and many of the evacuation areas are allowing people to bring their furry friends . Also , news stations are informing people about where they can take their animals if their neighborhood is evacuated , Ransom said . Desousa said the county has been so busy with the work , they do n't have figures on how many animals they 've saved and evacuated . One officer called to say there was a bird left in a house in the fire 's path . He wanted to know if he should kick in the door to get the animal . Desousa told him that the door wo n't matter if the fire destroys the house . Save the bird , he told him . Other times , flames have been too close for officers to grab the animals , Desousa said . On the job for 19 years , Desousa said this is the worst series of wildfires he 's seen . Even many of the officers themselves have been evacuated . Desousa has his three dogs , three cats , a tortoise and a snake in his office . He said when they were told to evacuate , they divvied up priorities . "  I ran home , grabbed the animals and my wife grabbed the family photos , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Animal services : "  We 're doing the best we can to keep ahead of the flames " Officers looking for animals left in evacuated areas Many shelters taking in animals along with people Humane Society : Not a repeat of Katrina
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Suspected drug cartel leaders in Mexico do n't often answer reporters ' questions , although one did call a radio station a few days ago to offer the government a deal . Police escort suspected drug cartel leader Jose Alberto Lopez Barron on Wednesday in Mexico City . So it was rather unusual for Jose Alberto Lopez Barron to speak to journalists shouting at him during a police lineup Wednesday , opening up a new window on how his reputed cartel operates . Lopez Barron was arrested this week in connection with the torture and killings of 12 federal police agents in Michoacan state July 13 . Mexican federal officials say Lopez Barron , also known as "  El Gordo , " is one of the top leaders of La Familia Michoacana , a drug cartel blamed for a rash of violence that has left at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers dead since July 11 . Speaking in a calm manner , Lopez Barron said that even if the cartel acted outside the law , it operates in an orderly manner and under rules that not only cartel members have to obey , but also residents in Arteaga , one of the cities the cartel controls . "  You ca n't go around shooting off guns , " Lopez Barron said . "  You ca n't go around killing people , not only us but for the whole town . You ca n't speed in your vehicle . You ca n't traffick any kinds of drugs without telling us first . " Anyone who wants to sell drugs , he said , has to go through the Familia Michoacana . "  It has to be the company 's merchandise , " Lopez Barron said . "  He has someone there who I believe is in charge of distributing cocaine . " Cocaine can be sold retail , he said , but not methamphetamine , known as crystal or ice , since La Familia has prohibited it in the whole state . Lopez Barron said his direct boss was Servando Gomez , known as "  La Tuta . " Authorities said Gomez is La Familia Michoacana 's top leader . Gomez went on a radio show recently to offer a truce with the federal government . Mexican President Felipe Calderon quickly answered that the government does not make pacts with criminal organizations . Lopez Barron said authorities have tried to capture Gomez but local residents have protected him . "  Elements from the federal investigations agency arrived in town -- I would n't know the exact number of agents -- and we had to leave town for the hills . We arrived at a small ranch called La Peña , and they gave us nourishment and refuge . " The suspect said municipal authorities respect the cartel and it respects the local police . He said that although the sale of drugs has diminished , the cartel has not stopped paying local police for protection . Lopez Barron was one of four suspects arrested this week in connection the slayings of the 12 federal agents in southwestern Mexico . Officials said he had a handgun that was traced to one of the slain officers . The other three suspects -- Gamaliel Rodriguez Granados , Evaristo Armas Bello and Jaime Rafael Navarro -- were captured inside a taxi in a town in Michoacan , officials said . The killings were among a series of reprisals by La Familia after the federal police captured one of their top leaders , authorities said .	Jose Alberto Lopez Barron arrested in connection with deaths of 12 police agents Mexican officials : Lopez Barron a top leader of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel "  You ca n't go around shooting off guns , " suspect tells reporters Anyone who wants to sell drugs has to go through cartel , Lopez Barron says
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania district attorney says there may never be closure in the case of a man suspected of killing his ex-wife and five former in-laws . "  There 's no excuse ; there 's no valid explanation . There 's no justification for snuffing out these six innocent lives and then injuring another child . This is just a horrific tragedy , " Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman told reporters Tuesday . The body of the suspect , Bradley William Stone , was found with what looked to be self-inflicted wounds . The former Marine reservist had been on the run since Monday 's slayings shook small communities north of Philadelphia . Although a final report from the coroner is pending , Stone appears to have died from self-inflicted cutting wounds , in the center of his body , according to Ferman . His body was found in a wooded area about 1/2 mile from his home in Pennsburg . It was not immediately clear how long the remains had been there . "  When you look at the three different locations , the number of people killed , clearly we are looking at a premeditated killing -- a planned killing , an intentional , deliberate killing , " said Ferman . The slayings The killings broke the calm in several small towns in Montgomery County , the second wealthiest county in Pennsylvania and the 51st wealthiest in the United States , according to the county government web page . Early Monday morning , a hangup call to 911 first tipped off police to the bloodshed , directing them to Lansdale , 28 miles northwest of Philadelphia . When police arrived , they found two slain women : Stone 's former mother-in-law and former grandmother-in-law , Ferman said . A short time later , a neighbor of Stone 's ex-wife called 911 , the prosecutor explained . Police went to an apartment in Lower Salford and found 33-year-old Nicole Stone dead . "  I heard three or four gunshots and I heard the kids yelling , saying , ` Mommy , no . No , mommy , no . ' And he just said , ` Let 's go . We got ta go , ' " a neighbor who did not want to be identified told CNN affiliate WFMZ . "  I heard him say , ` Let 's go . We got ta get in the car . ' " "  They did n't have any coats on or anything , " the neighbor said . "  They just had their pajamas on , and he just said , ` We got ta go . ' He was like , ` She 's hurt . She 's hurt pretty bad . We have to leave . ' And just got in the car and sped off . " In addition to Nicole Stone , her mother , grandmother and sister were found dead , as well as the sister 's husband and 14-year-old daughter , Ferman said . The sister 's 17-year-old son was being treated at a Philadelphia hospital . Ferman said that the teen , who sustained cutting injuries to his hands and head , was in serious condition . But Stone did n't harm his two daughters , who were living with his former wife . At about 5:30 a.m. , he brought them to a neighbor 's residence in Pennsburg , according to Ferman . "  That was the last time he was seen by anyone , " the attorney said . "  I think it 's of great significance the children are safe right now . " Ferman said Stone and his ex-wife had been involved with ongoing and contentious custody disputes . "  We learned that just last week he had made an effort in court to try to secure custody -- emergency custody of the children -- and that was denied , " she said . Who is Stone ? According to Montgomery County court documents found online , the Stones divorced in 2009 . Fast Facts : Rampage killings in the United States Stone served as a reservist in the U.S. Marines until 2011 , mainly as a meteorologist , according to the Marines . He spent a few months in Iraq in 2008 . William Schafte of Harleysville , who described himself as a friend , called Stone a "  caring guy " who loved his country . "  I was totally shocked . I did n't really think that he was capable of doing such a horrific thing like this , " he told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " "  He would ... go the extra mile to help anybody out . This is just , it 's a total shock to me and to his other friends . " Stone served as president of the American Legion William E. Hare Post 206 in Lansdale about a decade ago , said current post commander John Gillmer , the Morning Call newspaper of Allentown reported . "  He was always on the honor guard and stuff like that for parades , " Gillmer told the Morning Call . "  I could n't believe it . ... I never would have thought it was one of our guys . " The Upper Perkiomen School District called off classes Tuesday . Following the announcement of Stone 's death , it said schools would reopen at regular times Wednesday . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Susan Candiotti , Ed Payne , Ralph Ellis , Kristina Sgueglia and Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Schools will reopen in Upper Perkiomen at regular times An injured teen remains in serious condition , with cutting wounds Bradley William Stone appears to die from self-inflicted wounds He is suspected of killing his ex-wife and five relatives
CNN  -- The United States must resolve what I call the Great American Conundrum by clarifying its policy toward Muslims . It can not treat its Muslim citizens as second-class citizens at home and hope to win them over abroad . American Muslims complain of their second-class status by pointing out that their religion and houses of worship can be attacked with near impunity . When they do object , they are told that this kind of abuse is a small price to pay for living in a free society . Yet it is blatantly clear that only Islam is being attacked in such a crass fashion . It is virtually unimaginable to hear of any other ethnic or religious group being so targeted without an uproar . The conundrum came into being on 9/11 . That day , we saw how 19 men could plunge two world civilizations into world confrontation . They succeeded in creating conflict between America and the Muslim world , and almost 10 years later , nothing but a big black hole remains where the World Trade Center once stood . Muslims have not fully understood how deeply symbolic 9/11 has become for Americans . They have neither forgotten nor have many forgiven . Now a plan to create an Islamic center near the site of the World Trade Center has exacerbated tensions between Muslims and non-Muslims . The imam behind the center is a well-meaning and scholarly man who did not clearly think of the consequences of his actions . Most Americans see the befuddled actions of the imam as rubbing salt in their raw wounds . Non-Muslims are already threatening to blow up the center as soon as it is constructed . Once again , we are reminded how easy it is for individuals to drag their respective civilizations into conflict . Across the land , stories are emerging of other mosques under pressure or attack . When traveling throughout the United States for my project , "  Journey into America , " to study the American Muslim community , we visited about 100 mosques . We saw some with windows smashed and others destroyed . The mosque in Columbia , Tennessee , had been firebombed . Graffiti with Nazi slogans appeared on the walls still standing . When told to go "  home , " the Muslim worshippers , especially the young , were puzzled . "  We are home , " they said . In the midst of this crisis there was light . The heroic Rev. Bill Williamson approached Muslims and offered them the keys to his Presbyterian church , even suggesting he would remove anything they found offensive when they said their prayers there . Ramadan , the month of fasting , will start in the next day or two . Most Muslims who fast tend to spend more time than usual in mosques . Many young men dress in traditional clothes to worship late into the night . Sensibilities are heightened and worshippers are in a state of high spiritual excitement . The stage is almost set for those non-Muslims looking for a fight . As if the situation around mosques was not already tense enough , the Rev. Terry Jones of "  Dove World Outreach " in Florida has declared September 11 "  Burn a Quran Day . " This is as provocative for ordinary Muslims as an imam promoting the burning of the Bible would be for Americans . All this would be headache enough for those who want peace and harmony within communities , but there is an international dimension to it . Gen. David Petraeus , the head of American forces in Afghanistan , has repeatedly expressed the need for winning the "  hearts and minds " of local people by treating them with dignity and respect . This way , he hopes to marginalize or weaken support for the Taliban . Those Americans who believe they are being patriotic when they attack mosques or burn the Quran need to ask how Petraeus would respond to their actions . Will it help American troops in Afghanistan and Pakistan , both deeply conservative and religious societies ready to fight for Islam ? Or would it make their task more difficult ? No one -- least of all prominent American figures like Sarah Palin and Newt Gingrich , who have jumped so blithely into the discussion and condemned the New York center -- must underestimate the danger . We are sitting on a tinderbox . A serious attack on a mosque in which people die could trigger a revenge attack , which would in turn create further attacks against Muslims . Because everything happening in America is seen in the Muslim world , murder and mayhem would follow globally . I believe those who chose the site for the Islamic center  to be called Park51  should have been more culturally sensitive . But now that plans are developed , there are ways to calm the situation . Considering the seriousness of the situation , I suggest the following steps be taken seriously and urgently . For a start , the imam in New York should ensure that the cultural center -- which he has clarified is not simply a mosque -- invites Christians and Jews to include a church and a synagogue so that the building is truly a symbol of interfaith worship . That is the American way . Also , the center must include a special memorial to those who died on 9/11 , as proposed , so that people of different faiths can pray for their souls and thus begin to heal the wounds . President Obama should deliver a strong call to the nation , on the onset of Ramadan , for religious tolerance , and make it clear that no violation of this law of the land will be allowed . It is time he walked the walk , and not just talked the talk , to live up to the promise of his speech to the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt . Bishops , rabbis and imams must work vigorously to bring the temperature down . Interfaith conferences in churches , synagogues and mosques should be conducted . Muslim leaders should organize iftar parties at the opening of the fast to invite non-Muslims , to create good will for the community . The media has too often played a negative role by associating Islam with violence and terror . It is time for media to play a more responsible role . TV news shows , for example , should encourage more Muslim guests to participate , so that Americans can finally begin to see Muslims as normal people and not members of a threatening alien species . Given the situation in America , both Muslims and non-Muslims need to be much more culturally sensitive to each other . Muslim leaders need to be more active in explaining Islam to non-Muslims , and non-Muslims need to appreciate Muslims as citizens and fellow countrymen . These steps will help resolve the Great American Conundrum . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Akbar Ahmed .	Akbar Ahmed : U.S. ca n't treat Muslims badly and win "  hearts and minds " abroad If proposed Islamic center ever attacked , Ahmed says , global violence will ensue Islamic center should also include church , synagogue and 9/11 memorial , he writes Ahmed : Bishops , rabbis and imams must work together ; Obama must call for peace
CNN  -- While the rest of us were watching two boats battling it out in one of the most thrilling sailing competitions of all time , there was another man soaring 400 meters above the waves watching our every move . Hanging out of an open-door helicopter flying high above San Francisco Bay , is all part of a day 's work for sports photographer Ezra Shaw , who took these remarkable images of the America 's Cup . It 's not always easy finding an interesting angle when photographing endless blue sea and sky , but Shaw managed to capture the grace -- and adrenalin -- of sailing , using high-tech equipment on land , sea , and air . "  I do n't like flying that much , " admitted 39-year-old Shaw , a photographer with one of the biggest news agencies in the world , Getty Images , for over 15 years . "  But having a camera makes being in a helicopter a little easier because I 'm concentrating on my job and trying to get these pictures -- rather than actually thinking ` I 'm flying above the water with no door . ' " Golden backdrop This was one of the first times the prestigious race had been held in a city , rather than out at sea , giving Shaw a rare opportunity to capture the dramatic skyline of his hometown . As U.S. billionaire Larry Ellison 's yacht Oracle made a dramatic comeback against Emirates Team New Zealand , in one of the most nail-biting finishes in the competition 's 162-year history , it was up to Shaw to capture the drama , with his images used in newspapers across the world . "  Golden Gate Bridge is pretty spectacular and the skyline is beautiful . So to be able to work those two elements into the picture gave me a chance to get a variety of different images that would n't have been possible in other America 's Cups , " said Shaw . "  San Francisco also has lots of different micro climates -- the fog might roll in one day and they 'd be blue sky the next , which made for interesting images . " Speed machines But it was n't just helicopters helping Shaw get a fresh perspective of the historic race . The photographer -- who covered last year 's London Olympics -- also jumped aboard a powerboat to get close to the action . It was hard work keeping up with the futuristic yachts -- which glide along the waves at 80 kilometers per hour -- not to mention taking photographs on a violently bouncing speedboat . "  These sailboats go so fast that the motorboats we were on really could n't keep up with them . So you have to pick a few key spots on the course , " explained Shaw . "  I was carrying heavy equipment going out on a boat day after day -- I went to the gym a lot more , " he joked . Brave new world It 's an indication of how far sports photography has developed in recent years , with international agencies using everything from helicopters to high-tech underwater camera equipment to get a shot no one else has . "  One of the guys on the motorboat had been photographing sailing for 30 years and was talking about America 's Cup in Newport in the 80s , " explained Shaw . "  He would have somebody bring him more film on the boat because he 'd run out . "  It 's great shooting on digital , because you 're rocking up and down on a boat so much with these long lenses . I 'd be taking thousands of images a day to get it down to 30 or 40 pictures that I would transmit to the Getty website . " Capturing the moment But for Shaw , the secret to taking a good photograph is n't necessarily gadgets or extreme helicopter rides -- it 's having a good eye . "  The moment is very important -- one of my photos of the two boats passing behind Golden Gate Bridge captures them just as they 're between the lines , " he said . "  Great moments in sports photography are very important , where you 're capturing the millisecond of something happening . "	Veteran sports photographer Ezra Shaw reveals the secret to ` perfect shot ' Flew in open-door helicopter 400 meters above sea during America 's Cup Remarkable images capture prestigious race from land , air , and sea High-tech underwater camera equipment show how far photography has come
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A prominent Georgia pastor accused of sexual coercion has canceled plans to attend a pastor installation at a Florida church , a spokeswoman for that church said , "  due to recent developments . " Pastor Eddie Long had planned to travel to Miami for the installation of a new pastor at Sweet Home Missionary Baptist Church this weekend , spokeswoman Beverly Rodrigues said . But four lawsuits filed last week accusing the televangelist of coercing young male church members into having sex with him , changed his plans . "  He was involved in the installation service of our new pastor , Rev. Jeremy Upton , " Rodrigues said . "  Bishop Long sent us a letter informing us that he would not be attending due to recent developments . " One of Long 's accusers said Wednesday said he is praying for the pastor . "  I have no hate for anyone ... I just pray for everyone . Especially the bishop , " Spencer LeGrande told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB . "  Because he knows the truth . " LeGrande , now 22 , of Charlotte , North Carolina , would n't discuss details of his lawsuit . The civil action contends Long took LeGrande on trips to Africa and coerced him into a sexual relationship , convincing him it was "  a healthy component of his spiritual life . " LeGrande told WSB he moved back to Charlotte from Atlanta late last year and confided in his family , an ex-girlfriend and a few friends , including a police officer . LeGrande said he decided to come forward with his story after he saw the first two lawsuits filed against Long . "  They said bishop has been accused of something , and my heart dropped , " LeGrande told the station . "  And that was my time that God told me to release what I had to say . " One of the plaintiffs told Atlanta television station WAGA that he wanted to send a message to Long : "  You are not a man . You are a monster . " "  I can not get the sound of his voice out of my head , I can not forget the smell of his cologne and I can not forget the way that he made me cry many nights when I drove in his cars on the way home , " Jamal Parris , 23 , told a WAGA reporter who traveled to Colorado to interview him . Parris -- a former church employee and personal assistant to Long -- filed one of four lawsuits last week accusing the Baptist televangelist of coercing young male church members into having sex with him . Long 's spokesman , Art Franklin , has said that the pastor "  categorically and adamantly denies " the allegations , adding that they were "  a case of retaliation and a shakedown for money by men with some serious credibility issues . " Long 's Attorney Craig Gillen said Wednesday that Long 's accusers and their lawyers were unfairly trying the pastor in the media . "  The appropriate place to try lawsuits is in the courtroom , " Gillen said . "  There are rules on how civil litigation is to take place and how counsel should conduct themselves , we intend to follow those rules . " Speaking from the pulpit of his New Birth Missionary Baptist Church Sunday , Long said he would fight the allegations , but did not address specific accusations . "  I am not the man that has been portrayed on television , " he told his congregation . Again , on Tuesday night , Long alluded to the lawsuits , telling his congregation that sometimes he has to speak in code and with "  encrypted messages " that the media would not understand . "  I am not speaking about individuals and all of that , " he said . "  This is spiritual warfare . And I pray for mercy for all who are involved . " Parris told WAGA that his suffering was real , and he had a message for Long . "  That man can not look me in the eye and tell me we did not live this pain . While you can sit in front of the church and tell them that you categorically deny it , you ca n't say that to our face , " he said . "  And you know this . You are not a man . You are a monster . " Parris ' suit accuses Long of manipulating and deceiving him into thinking the sexual acts were a "  healthy component of his spiritual life , " giving him , money , trips and gifts . It says Parris left the church in late 2009 , "  disillusioned , confused and angry about his relationship with Defendant Long . " Parris joined New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in 2001 , when he was 14 . Long counseled Parris when the latter talked about his strained relationship with his father and got him a job as a summer camp counselor at New Birth , the suit states . "  What you have to understand is this man manipulated us from childhood . This was our father and we loved him , " Parris told WAGA . The lawsuits accuse Long of using his power and influence within the 25,000-member church to lure young male church members into sexual relationships . The suits allege that the relationships , which began when the men were in their teens , lasted over many months . Long took the young men -- all of them teens at the time -- on trips , including to Kenya , according to the suits . He allegedly enticed the young men with gifts including cars , clothes , jewelry and electronic items . Long engaged in intimate sexual acts with the young men , such as massages , masturbation and oral sex , the lawsuits say . The accusations are particularly controversial because Long , who is married , has preached passionately against homosexuality over the years . "  I 've been accused , I 'm under attack , " Long told his suburban Atlanta congregation Sunday . "  I want you to know , as I said earlier , that I am not a perfect man . But this thing , I 'm going to fight , " he said . "  I feel like David against Goliath , but I 've got five rocks and I have n't thrown one yet . "	NEW : One young accuser says he is praying for the pastor Pastor Eddie Long drops plans to attend Florida pastor 's installation "  I can not forget the way that he made me cry , " another accuser tells WAGA Long 's spokesman says the televangelist "  categorically " denies the allegations
TIME.com  -- Job burnout can strike workers in nearly any field , but a new study finds that doctors are at special risk . Nearly 1 in 2 U.S. physicians report at least one symptom of burnout , with doctors at the front line of care particularly vulnerable , the study found -- a significantly higher rate than among the general working population . Overtaxed doctors are not only at risk for personal problems , like relationship issues and alcohol misuse , but their job-related fatigue can also erode professionalism , compromise quality of care , increase medical errors and encourage early retirement -- a potentially critical problem as an aging population demands more medical care . The new findings , published in the Archives of Internal Medicine , are based on a survey of 7,288 physicians conducted in June 2011 . Led by researchers from the Mayo Clinic and the American Medical Association , the study asked participating physicians to fill out a questionnaire asking about their feelings of burnout -- including "  emotional exhaustion " or losing enthusiasm for their work ; feelings of cynicism or "  depersonalization " ; and a low sense of personal accomplishment . Seriously ? Doctors say they 're underpaid The 22-item questionnaire , called the Maslach Burnout Inventory  MBI  , is considered the gold standard for measuring burnout ; the doctors also completed a shorter , modified version of the MBI , the answers to which researchers used to compare with the general population . Researchers also asked doctors how long they worked each week , how satisfied they were with their work-life balance , and whether they had any symptoms of depression or thoughts of suicide . TIME 's mobile tech issue : Better care delivered by iPad , M.D. . The data showed that rates of burnout were high : 45.8 % of doctors experienced at least one symptom of work-related burnout . When each symptom was considered separately , 37.9 % of the physicians had high emotional exhaustion , 29.4 % had high depersonalization and 12.4 % had a low sense of personal accomplishment . U.S. doctors are burning out "  at an alarming level , " the authors write . "  Our finding is concerning given the extensive literature linking burnout to medical errors and lower quality of care , " says study author Dr. Tait Shanafelt of the Mayo Clinic . "  Most previous studies of physicians from individual specialties have suggested a burnout rate of 30 % to 40 % . Thus , the prevalence of burnout among physicians appears to be higher than in the past . " The study found that practitioners of front-line care -- including physicians in emergency medicine , general internal medicine and family medicine -- fared worst . "  Nearly 60 % of physicians in those specialties had high levels of burnout , " says Shanafelt . "  This is concerning since many elements critical to the success of health care reform are built upon increasing the role of the primary care providers . " Doctors practicing pathology , dermatology , general pediatrics and preventive medicine  including occupational health and environmental medicine  had the lowest rates of burnout . TIME 's mobile tech issue : Tracking disease one text at a time The researchers also compared physicians ' job-related fatigue with that of 3,442 working American adults in the general population , and found that physicians were significantly more burned out overall . Among other working adults , only 27.8 % were likely to experience burnout , 23.5 % had high emotional exhaustion and 15 % had high depersonalization . The authors found also that physicians worked about 10 hours more per week than other people on average  50 hours a week versus 40  , and were much more likely to work extra long weeks of 60 hours or more : 37.9 % of doctors worked at least 60-hour weeks , compared with only 10.6 % of the general population . More than 40 % of doctors reported dissatisfaction with their work-life balance , saying their jobs did n't leave enough time for a personal life or family , compared with 23.1 % of non-doctors . Why doctors fall asleep while treating you In addition , while higher levels of education were associated with less risk of burnout for people in other professions , doctors ' advanced degrees did n't afford them the same protection from job-related stress . "  While individuals in other professions do experience burnout , it seems to be largely driven by the hours , " says Shanafelt . "  In addition to their high work hours , there appears to be factors related to the nature of the work that increase the risk for physicians . " TIME.com : Should Medicaid be expanded ? Study finds it may lower death rates "  Unfortunately , little evidence exists about how to address this problem , " the authors write , urging additional research to figure out what can be done to support doctors at the individual , organizational and societal level . "  Policy makers and health care organizations must address the problem of physician burnout for the sake of physicians and their patients . " This article was originally published on TIME.com . Is your doctor burned out ? Nearly half of U.S. physicians say they 're exhausted & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Nearly half of U.S. doctors have at least one burnout symptom , a study finds Fatigue can erode professionalism and compromise quality of care Doctors are significantly more burned out than the general population
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A one-of-a-kind bicycle belonging to U.S. cycling legend Lance Armstrong was stolen from a team truck in California just hours after he rode it Saturday on the first day of a nine-day race . Lance Armstrong 's bike was stolen after he competed in the first day of the Amgen Tour of California . Cancer survivor and seven-time Tour de France champion Armstrong is racing in the Amgen Tour of California this week as he attempts another comeback after retiring from the sport in 2005 . Armstrong 's first comeback came in 1998 , two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival . Armstrong announced the bike theft on his Twitter account Sunday morning and posted a photograph . "  There is only one like it in the world therefore hard to pawn it off . Reward being offered , " he wrote . The bicycle that was stolen is not the one Armstrong rides every day during the race . The stolen bike is used only for time trials , a race in which cyclists ride individually at staggered intervals over a set distance and try to get the best time . The thieves took four bicycles from a truck Armstrong 's Astana team had parked behind a hotel in Sacramento . The other three bicycles belonged to team members Janez Brajkovic , Steve Morabito and Yaroslav Popovych , Astana said . Armstrong , 37 , won the Tour de France , considered the premier bicycle race in the world , a record seven times from 1999-2005 . The 750-mile Amgen Tour of California ends Sunday . It is the second major race in which Armstrong has participated since announcing his comeback in September . He raced last month in the Tour Down Under in Australia , finishing 29th . Armstrong said he is aiming for another Tour de France victory this summer and was not expected to contend in the Australian race , which he used to gauge his fitness level after more than three years out of the saddle .	One-of-a-kind bicycle taken from team truck in California Armstrong posted announcement of theft on Twitter account Champion cyclist aiming for comeback with participation in Amgen Tour
Columbus Junction , Iowa  CNN  -- This rural community in the southeast corner of Iowa is one of the last places you would expect to find a large number of students who do n't speak English , yet English language learners have had a huge effect on the schools there , according to Columbus Community Schools Superintendent Rich Bridenstine . Nationally , 9 % of students in the U.S. are considered to have limited proficiency in English , according to the National Center for Education Statistics . About 11 % of those students attend school in rural settings like Columbus Junction . A quarter of the Columbus Community School students are English language learners , a large enough number to have an impact on the classrooms . Bridenstine sees a difference between a child who can speak general English and one who has the academic English skills required to get through school . "  The English language learners do n't have vocabularies big enough to learn at the rate and speed they need to -- that their native English-speaking counterparts do , " Bridenstine said . Columbus Community Schools is a majority-minority school district that pulls in students from Columbus Junction and four other nearby communities . Bridenstine says 66 % of the 895 students are Hispanic and 31 % are white . The largest employer in Columbus Junction is a Tyson Fresh Meats pork processing plant , which employs a high number of Hispanics , and more recently some Burmese . The children of those employees attend the schools there . "  Many of our young people come to us academically behind . Their vocabularies are very limited , " Bridenstine said . "  Their parents often do n't have high school educations either . " English language learners put a strain on school systems , according to Elena Silva of Education Sector , a think tank in Washington , D.C. "  Teachers across the board are not trained or well-prepared for this population , " she said . "  We need a population of teachers that are prepared to teach students who are in the process of developing their language skills . " Rural schools in particular have difficulty with English language learners , according to Silva . "  They simply do n't have the resources , training , funding and infrastructure to support English language learners , " she said . The ELL students also have different cultural experiences , so teachers in Columbus Junction have adapted by teaching more background . "  It 's taking what you know about a subject as a teacher and not presupposing that other kids have the same background that you think they should have , " Bridenstine said . To help with the language skills , the teachers in Columbus Junction are encouraged to have students explain what they have learned to a student partner using English . "  We are making gains , but it is n't enough with what No Child Left Behind is requiring of us , " Bridenstine said . Under No Child Left Behind , schools are required to reach 100 % proficiency in math and English by the year 2014 . The immigrants do provide some definite advantages , according to Bridenstine . "  The immediate benefit is financial . Without our Hispanics and coming Burmese , we would be a school district probably around 300 or 400 , looking at consolidation , " he said . Columbus is currently the largest school district in its county . "  We are blessed with a tapestry of diversity and there are a lot of people in the community that treasure that , " Bridenstine added .	Iowa community has many English language learners in its schools Teachers have to add more background to lessons Students are behind in schoolwork and have limited vocabulary 11 % of such children are in rural schools
Tribune Media Services  -- Two young Iranian parents smiled at me , showing mock desperation as their little boy and girl eagerly dragged them into a shop famous for its pistachio ice cream sandwiches . Around the corner , filling the side of a 15-story building , a government-sponsored propaganda mural showed a perverted American flag , with skulls for stars and falling bombs for stripes . Iranian women must wear a scarf , but many leave a tuft of hair showing at the forehead . That bizarre mixture -- of saber-rattling politics alongside the personal warmth of individual locals -- is what struck me on my recent 12-day trip to Iran to film a public-television show . I found Iran to be perhaps the most misunderstood and fascinating land I 've ever visited . And I learned a lot . The country is not free . It seems that people -- motivated by fear of Western influences and love of their children -- have forgone democracy for their theocracy . Parents told me , "  We do not want our girls to grow up to be Britney Spears , " and they are willing to sacrifice some freedom to achieve that goal . They feel their "  revolution of values " provides an environment where they can raise their children free from the cheap sex , drug abuse and crass materialism of the West . Iranian women must wear a scarf , but many leave a tuft of hair showing at the forehead . After several days , that provocative tuft attracted my eye like cleavage . Making sure that what they can show is as beautiful as possible , Iranian women , per capita , lead the world in nose jobs . Faces are beautifully made up , and -- when so much else is covered -- can be particularly expressive and mysterious . Eye contact is riveting . Before arriving in Iran , I was so afraid of anti-Americanism that we had nearly left our big expensive TV camera in Athens and considered flying in with a less obtrusive model . But once there , I found people curious , courteous and quick to smile -- especially when they learned we were American . I 've never had such fun with people or found them so chatty than on the streets of Iran . Tehran is modern and bustling , with thriving shopping malls , cars clogging the streets and most people wearing Western-style clothes . Unlike many Muslim capitals , minarets do not dot the skyline , and I barely heard a call to prayer . And yet it 's clearly a theocracy . Multiple TV stations broadcast religious programming  along with BBC and CNN  that 's perfect for praying -- images of the sun setting on the sea , or the pilgrimage center in Mecca in real-time . In the United States , billboards and ads encourage us to consume , but in Iran , government-sponsored billboards , Muzak and TV programming is all about the teachings of great holy men . I asked my guide if it 's okay to be non-Muslim in Iran . "  Yes , " he said , "  We have religious freedom , as long as it is not offensive to Islam . " Christian ? "  Sure . " Jewish ? "  Sure . " Bahai ? "  No . We believe that Mohammed -- who came in the 7th century -- was the last prophet , so the Bahai prophet  19th century  is offensive to Islam . " I asked , "  What if you want to get somewhere in the military or government ? " My guide answered , "  Then you better be a Muslim -- a practicing , Shiite Muslim . " Every film crew stops at the former U.S. Embassy . It was here in 1979 that a gang of revolutionary students stormed what they called the "  Den of Spies " and held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days . For Iranians back then , it was a proud moment of triumph against the nation that had meddled in their affairs for years . The embassy wall is still covered with anti-American murals painted at that time . But the hostage crisis was 30 years ago . Most Iranians were n't even born then . It 's ancient history to our young guide . With our work done , we hurried to catch our flight home . As we crawled through Tehran 's traffic , our driver cursed , "  Death to traffic . " Shocked , I said , "  What ? I thought it was death to America . " He said , "  Here in Iran , when something frustrates us and is out of our control , we say ` death ' to that . " Then I thought , when people in my society say , "  Damn those teenagers , " they do n't mean they wish them to die and burn in hell for eternity ... they just want the kids to turn down the music . Boarding our plane , the Air France flight attendants -- so stylish with hair flowing freely -- seemed to welcome us as if onto a life raft . Women pulled off their scarves , wine was poured , and we flew west with the raw footage of a program we hoped would humanize a proud country of 70 million people . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows Recently Steves has been working on a series on Iran Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
CNN  -- Sam Lamott , the baby star of best-selling author Anne Lamott 's classic memoir , "  Operating Instructions , " was finally grown up and safely ensconced at art school in San Francisco . Before Sam was born and during his childhood , Anne Lamott had developed a community of family and friends who had known and loved them during the lean years . She had written several notable novels and works of nonfiction . Now that Sam had moved out , Anne Lamott had the rest of her life to live . Surrounded by the love of her community , she had a wonderful home in Northern California with room for guests and dogs and an interesting professional and personal life . One day before Lamott 's Thanksgiving dinner for 25 , she got the call . Sam , only 19 , told her that his girlfriend was pregnant . Or was it his ex-girlfriend ? Sam and Amy had broken up a couple months earlier but clearly had continued to spend time together . They were keeping the baby . Jax Jesse Lamott was born on July 20 , 2009 . Lamott , who turns 58 on Tuesday , had famously recounted her first year with Sam in a memoir that validated all the joy and agony and terror foisted upon her during her child 's first year , made more challenging by the absence of the would-be father . In a new memoir , "  Some Assembly Required : A Journal of My Son 's First Son , " Lamott  with Sam 's help  recounts her surprise and acceptance at becoming a grandmother earlier than expected , her fears related to Sam and Amy becoming parents at such a young age and her daily celebration of her grandson 's life . The book will debut Sunday on The New York Times best-sellers list . "  I was happy all the time at the thought of Sam 's being a father , and my getting to be a grandmother , except when I was sick with fears about their future , enraged that they had gotten themselves pregnant so young or in a swivet of trying to control their every move , not to mention every aspect of their futures , " she wrote . In a conversation with CNN.com , Lamott described her ongoing challenge -- a classic dilemma of the grandparent -- to contain her overwhelming need to advise Sam and Amy on every aspect of her grandson 's young life . CNN : What was your fantasy of life as a grandmother ? Anne Lamott : It would be 10 years later . Sam would be 29 and be the right age , young enough to have energy but old enough to have a fully formed cortex . He would only work four days per week because he would be so successful . I 'd be really close to his wife . They 'd come over , and we 'd hang out . Or it would be horrible . They 'd live 1,000 miles away , and I 'd fly there all the time . I 'd be 65 . Everybody would be settled and successful . CNN : What were your fears given how young Sam and Amy are ? Lamott : I was very calm when Sam first told me , but I 'm one of those religious people who are afraid of everything . I 'm instantly worried about everything that could go wrong . I thought , "  It 's all over , it 's hopeless . He 's going to drop out of school , work as a janitor and live with me . " I feared Amy would move , that the financial strain would be enormous , that Sam would n't stand up and do the right thing and that he would drop out of school . It 's the familiar story of young people dropping out of school and getting dead-end jobs . I had every scary thought . No matter what circumstances , it 's hard to be a parent and maintain a sense of self and identity in the world . I do n't have any romantic views of parenting . Every step of the way it 's really hard . It 's a dangerous world , physically and psychologically . CNN : How do you stop yourself from trying to control their lives ? Lamott : I knew I 'm a control freak and that I would want to manage their lives and be the third parent . I had to be very strict with myself and get help for my issues all the time . I could not say this was my kid , too . I would stop and say , "  Wait , why am I talking ? " Another woman , who had a grandkid when her daughter was young , told me , "  It 's their dishes and their sink . " It 's intrusive for grandparents to think they 're in charge . It 's manipulative . Also , it 's self-destructive , since if the parents have to resist you , you wo n't get your mitts on the kid as often . Once they do n't have to resist you , they want to be around you . I was the one with the credit card and the washer dryer . If I did n't crowd them and show up with my clip board , they 'd call or come over and do laundry . CNN : Sometimes you have to speak up ! What questions do you ask yourself before interfering ? Lamott : Because I 'm helping Sam and Jax financially , I 'm bearing the bulk of the financial responsibility . I try to ask myself , "  Who says this is my business ? Does this have my name on it ? " If something is urgent , my experience says it 's probably not God talking . It 's usually my self will and low-level hysteria . If there 's any way I can postpone saying it , it dampens the urgency . Then I can probably talk to a friend . Left to my own devices , my first inclination is to mess in other people 's lives . I secretly believe my whole family , and really the whole world , is my responsibility . But over the years , I 've learned I can release people to their own destiny , and do the work that 's ahead of me : writing for certain number of hours every day , teaching , church , friendships of 25 years , my dogs , our walks . CNN : What is a grandma 's job ? Lamott : My job of grandma is to keep the house safe for when Jax comes over . He and Sam usually come over on weekends , and I visit Tuesdays at Sam 's apartment . I take up the slack . I 'm the outdoorsy one who convinces everyone to take walks with me for owl prowls , not that we have ever seen an owl . I 'm the chief librarian . There have been hard days since Jax was born , and it 's also been the greatest blessing of my life . CNN : Now that Sam and Amy have split up , how does a grandma handle the breakup ? Lamott : It 's sort of the same thing . I have excellent ideas about how things should proceed now . I pray to God to keep one hand around my shoulder and one hand on my mouth . If anyone asks my advice , I give it to them . I 'm trying not to manage their lives or custody decisions . It 's between the two parents , who get to make 100 % of the decisions . Sam recommends that if you 've got a problem , go work it out in the mirror . I 'll ask myself , "  What 's going on ? What 's this really about ? " CNN : When Jax wants to run away from his supremely embarrassing parents , will he run to you ? Lamott : All parents are an embarrassment to their kids . Often grandparents are the relief . Kids do n't have to resist you . I 've had the blessing of being someone that kids really love , so a number of kids have run away to me over the years . I always feed them , make them a cup of tea and take them for a walk . I 'll do the same with Jax if the time ever comes . Then I 'll sneak to the bathroom and call Amy or Sam on my cell .	Anne Lamott recently published a new memoir , "  Some Assembly Required " Author 's son had a child at 19 , thrusting Lamott into the grandparent role Her advice : Want to see your grandchildren ? Then grandma must mind her own business Become a safe place for your grandchildren to relax and take a break from their parents
Washington  CNN  -- Targeted political advertising is heading to a new but very familiar frontier -- YouTube . If you live in Syracuse or Long Island , New York , and go to the popular video sharing site in the next two weeks to find a news clip or view a favorite home decorating show , the first thing that will pop up on your screen will be a political ad . For the first time a political campaign is targeting voters by ZIP code on YouTube . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce added this new advertising tool to the broadcast media strategy it recently launched focused on a number of House and Senate races , one of the earliest and biggest efforts the pro-business lobby has unveiled to date . In seven New York congressional districts where the Chamber is running paid television ads , it added a new layer -- running those TV ads on YouTube . "  The stakes of this election are huge for the business community and we recognize as we roll out our different phases of the campaigns , we 're going to use broadcast but we 're also going to use YouTube , " said Scott Reed , senior political strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . "  We 're going to use the Internet to reinforce and repeat and repeat and repeat the messages of how important it is to have a growing economy and candidates that are pro-growth . " Anyone who visits YouTube in the next two weeks -- and whose IP address or computer location falls within any of the ZIP codes of the specific New York districts -- will see the Chamber 's ad before seeing a video clip . The program , called "  TrueView " allows the user five seconds to "  opt out , " or stop playing the political ad . And the Chamber only pays for the ads that people watch . Corporate advertisers have been using so-called "  pre-roll ads " on websites to sell toothpaste or preview a movie coming to theaters soon . But the technology to target ads to specific ZIP codes was just released in March by Google , which owns YouTube , according to Rob Saliterman , who leads Google 's advertising sales to political campaigns and issue advocacy groups . The Obama campaign pioneered targeting voters online and on mobile devices in 2008 , and both parties now feature online outreach components to get out their messages . But this effort is the first instance of a campaign turning to YouTube to aim its political pitch at specific ZIP codes . Reed calls combining the online ads with TV a "  one-two punch . " The effort includes a variety of ads , which the Chamber is using to gauge how voters respond to different messages online . Three positive ads promote the pro-business credentials of GOP freshman Reps. Ann Marie Buerkle , Chris Gibson , and Nan Hayworth . Three negative ads , which the Chamber calls "  contrast " ads , criticize Democratic Reps. Louise Slaughter , Kathy Hochul and Bill Owens for supporting "  Obamacare " and argue they oppose pro-growth policies . One ad combines criticism of Democratic incumbent Rep. Tim Bishop with a plug for his GOP challenger Randy Altschuler . A Nielson study commissioned by Google last year found that viewers who see advertising across multiple platforms are more likely to retain the message . The Chamber 's strategy demonstrates it believes the same successful experience businesses found with online ads could translate into the political arena . Dan Maffei , who is challenging Buerkle to retake the central New York seat she knocked him out of in 2010 , is n't convinced that this kind of micro-targeting will make a big difference in the fall election . "  It does n't surprise me that big money is going to come in on my opponent Anne Marie Buerkle 's side because she supports these big business things that are good for them , but it 's not at all connecting to our local chamber of commerce , " Maffei told CNN . Maffei said his local Syracuse chamber did n't contribute to the ad or sign off on the effort and said the national business lobby 's message does n't mesh with local concerns . "  It 's almost like it 's just coming in from above with a message that 's generic in an attempt to prop her up in a district where she does n't have that kind of support , even from small businesses , " he said . The Chamber 's television campaign is a multimillion-dollar effort , but Reed declined to say how much specifically the chamber is spending on the YouTube component . One expert familiar with online advertising says the average cost of a pre-roll ad is roughly 10 to 15 cents per view . Over the course of two weeks , potentially thousands of users could view each of the ads in the seven districts . Saliterman stressed that the data collected on the ads does not contain any personally identifiable information , but Google can pull together some aggregate data on age and gender and interest categories based on who watches the ads on YouTube . Reed calls the data it will get from the YouTube after the two-week run "  survey research . " "  We 're able to go in and look at how long people are on the ads , if they like the ads and stay until the end of the ad , if they stay on more for a positive ad or a contrast ad , " Reed said , adding , "  this is another tool to help us decide if our ads are penetrating and working and getting to the voters . " It 's no surprise that YouTube is the place to start this type of targeted political outreach . More than 2 billion videos are streamed each day on its website and approximately 100 million unique users in the United States click on the site every month , according to YouTube 's own statistics . Earlier this year , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee paid to run an ad on You Tube hitting the House Republican 's budget proposal and featuring actor Martin Sheen . It targeted users who typed any search for "  Medicare . " But the Chamber 's move to focus resources to reach voters in specific congressional districts could prove to be a more effective use of money . Television ads are pricey and candidates are often forced to buy time in markets that broadcast outside their particular district 's borders . With people increasingly turning to mobile devices to get news or view entertainment programming on their own schedules , fewer people are watching television programs when they actually air . A study in Ohio last fall conducted by Targeted Victory , a group working with Republican pollsters , found that 40 % of likely voters were "  going off the grid " and had not watched live television within the previous week . The Chamber 's move is a reflection of the changing environment that can make getting political messages out a greater challenge . "  We know in today 's fractured media world , people get their messages from many different places , and the Internet is becoming the top place , " Reed noted . "  Technology is very important to reaching voters , and clearly the Obama campaign showed that and we  Democrats  used Twitter and Facebook and all that to get our message out , " Maffei said . But the Democratic candidate said he believes Buerkle 's constituents will focus on the GOP congresswoman 's record this fall more than the message in the 30-second online ad . "  You have to talk to voters , " Maffei said . "  You ca n't just spoon-feed them . " CNN.s Dana Bash contributed to this report .	For the first time a political campaign is targeting voters by ZIP code on YouTube U.S. Chamber of Commerce is running the ads in seven New York state districts The technology to target ads to specific ZIP codes was just released in March by Google Google says collected data does not contain any personally identifiable information
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  Suicide bombers attacked a Christian community in eastern Pakistan on Sunday , setting off two blasts that killed at least 14 people and wounded dozens more , officials said . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the deadly attack and warned of more to come . The explosions , which struck the Nishtar Colony area in the city of Lahore , wounded at least 78 people , said Dr. Muhammed Saeed Sohbin , medical superintendent at Lahore General Hospital . Video from the scene aired by CNN affiliate GEO News showed twisted metal , shattered glass and panicked residents outside a church compound . Ambulance and security personnel were seen moving in . Later footage showed water cannons arriving to disperse the crowd . Ehsanullah Ehsan , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , said by telephone that his group was responsible for the suicide bombings , declaring that such attacks would continue until Sharia law is implemented in Pakistan . After a period of disunity , the terrorist group 's three major splinter groups announced last week that they were joining forces again under the name Tehrik-i-Taliban , or TTP . The Pakistani military has been waging a campaign against the militant group in North Waziristan , one of the loosely governed tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , whose government held unsuccessful peace talks with the TTP last year , strongly condemned Sunday 's attack , according to a statement from his office . Sharif asked provincial governments to tighten security and "  take all possible measures " to protect people and property , the statement said . The last major attack on Pakistan 's Christian community took place in 2013 , when suicide bombers struck a church in the northwestern city of Peshawar , killing more than 80 people . More recently , a Christian couple were burned to death in November by mob that accused them of blasphemy . "  The Christian community is a soft target for militant outfits in Pakistan , " said Rabia Mehmood , a researcher at the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani think tank . "  But generally Christians and other religious minorities are under a constant threat by the extremist elements in the society and rampant religious intolerance . " On Sunday , Pope Francis said he learned of the attacks "  with pain , with much pain . " He called for peace in Pakistan and said that persecution of Christians does n't get the attention it deserves . The Pope prayed that "  this persecution against Christians , which the world tries to hide , might end , and that there be peace . " Other minorities in the predominantly Sunni Muslim nation have also been targeted this year . Last month , an attack on a Shiite mosque in Peshawar killed at least 19 worshipers and injured dozens of others . The Pakistani Taliban reportedly claimed responsibility for that attack , too . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Karachi , Pakistan , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Brian Walker and journalists Saleem Mehsud and Adeel Raja contributed to this report .	The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the suicide bombings At least 78 people were wounded in the attack , hospital official says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- An engine fell off a Mexican government jet before it crashed , killing the second-highest official in the nation , the Cabinet member in charge of the investigation said Saturday . Firefighters at the scene of the crash Tuesday night in Mexico City . Officials also said they have ruled out the possibility that the crash was caused by a bomb . "  There is no trace of explosives on the plane wreckage or the -LSB- crash -RSB- site , " said Luis Tellez , Mexican secretary of communication and transportation . Interior Minister Juan Camilo Mourino , former deputy attorney general Jose Luis Santiago Vasconcelos and six others onboard were killed in the crash . At least five others on the ground died , and others were reported missing . Officials said 40 people were injured . Camilo Mourino and Santiago Vasconcelos had been instrumental in the war on drugs , leading to widespread speculation among Mexicans that drug lords orchestrated the crash . But Mexican authorities have said there is no indication that foul play was involved . The government Learjet 45 was traveling at 500 kmh  310 mph  when it crashed in central Mexico City as it approached Benito Juarez International Airport . Gilberto Lopez Meyer , Mexico 's director of airports and auxiliary services , said the jet 's left engine fell off when the plane was traveling between 250 and 300 kmh  150 to 186 mph  , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . An examination of the wreckage indicates that the engines were functioning at high speed , Lopez Meyer said . Tallez said the day after the crash that the Learjet 45 did not explode in the air because when that happens , pieces of the airplane are scattered over a wide area . But the wreckage in this instance was limited to a small area , he said . Tellez also said Wednesday that the pilot did not report an emergency , Notimex said . A recording released Wednesday of what Mexican officials said was dialogue between the pilot and the airport control tower did not appear to have an emergency call from the aircraft . Officials have vowed to make all aspects of the investigation public . Mexican President Felipe Calderon inspected the crash site Saturday , Notimex said .	Jet 's left engine fell off as plane traveled between 250 and 300 kmh , reports say No traces of explosives found in wreckage ; no foul play suspected , official says Interior minister , former deputy attorney general among those who died Tuesday Mexicans had speculated that drug lords were behind crash
CNN  -- Zach Johnson denied Tiger Woods a sixth tournament victory in 2013 in a dramatic climax to the World Golf Challenge at the Sherwood Country Club in California on Sunday . The 2007 Masters champion secured the $ 1 million first prize at the first extra playoff hole , but it was his heroics moments earlier on the final regulation hole that left the crowds gasping . He and Woods were tied for the lead on 13-under par as they headed down the 72nd hole , but when Johnson dumped his approach into the water his hopes looked to have sunk with his ball . But incredibly the Georgia native holed his fourth shot from the drop zone 65 yards out to claim an unlikely par and complete a four-under round of 68 . Woods , who had earlier led by four shots with eight to play , also made a meal of par at the 18th putting his second shot into greenside bunker before getting up and down to finish with a round of 70 . When the players returned to the play the 18th again in the playoff , it was Woods who blinked first , finding sand again with his approach while Johnson found the left side of the green . Johnson two-putted for par but Woods , who played out to five feet saw his putt lip out , handing Johnson his second title of the year . America 's Bubba Watson and Matt Kuchar finished tied for third on nine under with Graeme McDowell the highest placed European player . The Northern Irishman finished in sixth place on five-under par while his compatriot Rory McIlroy , who won his first tournament of the year at the Australian Open last weekend , ended up down in 11th in the 18-man field . Brilliant Bjorn wins in Sun City Thomas Bjorn produced a stunning final round of 65 to claim a two-shot win at the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City on Sunday . The Dane 's victory was sealed when he produced two eagles on the back nine at the Gary Player Country Club to finish on 20-under par , two shots ahead of overnight leader Jamie Donaldson from Wales and Spain 's Sergio Garcia . "  This is right up there with the best days of my career , " Bjorn said , EuropeanTour.com reported . "  You never forget your first victory , and then my win against Tiger in Dubai when I went toe-to-toe with him for four days and came out top was special , but winning here in the way that I did against a field of this quality is up there . "  I knew I had to shoot something low and then see what Jamie was doing . It turned out that it was Sergio and every time I saw a leaderboard he was making birdies . I am very proud of the way I played today - it 's a very special day in my career . "	Zach Johnson wins at first extra hole to deny Woods a sixth win in 2013 Johnson holes out from 65 yards at 72nd hole for par to force playoff Thomas Bjorn wins the Nedbank Challenge in South Africa by two strokes
Berlin  CNN  -- A German man who pleaded guilty to sexually abusing his daughter , stepdaughter and stepson was sentenced to more than 14 years in prison Tuesday , a court official said . The man , identified only as Detlef S. , was accused of hundreds of incidents of sexual abuse of his children between autumn 1987 and summer 2010 . He pleaded guilty on Monday to all charges , said Alexander Walter , Koblenz state court spokesman . He was convicted of severe sexual abuse of children in 42 cases , rape , sexual abuse of wards and sponsoring rape , Walter said . He was sentenced to 14 and a half years in prison , and will stay in preventive custody after that because the court feared he would commit further criminal acts , Walter said . Preventive custody usually means that a person who has served their sentence remains behind bars but receives extra privileges . Detlef S. admitted last month when the trial opened that he was the father of multiple children with his stepdaughter . He was charged with the sexual abuse of dependents and facilitating the sexual abuse of minors . He was also accused of bringing his underage stepdaughter and his daughter to men who paid for sex with them on multiple occasions . The first allegations of abuse came more than a decade ago , in 1998 , but there was no medical evidence to support the claims then , Germany 's youth welfare office said in a statement when the trial opened February 15 . Two stepsons leveled fresh accusations in 2002 , saying the defendant was abusing his biological daughter , then 11 . Police began an investigation but found no medical evidence and dropped the case , the statement said . The daughter denied having been abused , the welfare office said . Two men other men are facing trial on charges of sexual assault in connection with the case . A third man suspected of abusing the children has died , Walter said . The stepdaughter gave evidence against Detlef S. , the court spokesman said . It was unclear at what age she gave birth to the children . DNA test results introduced in court gave a "  99.999 % " certainty that the defendant is the father of her children , Walter said . Seven of the stepdaughter 's eight children survived infancy , he said . He did not know the cause of death of the eighth . The sexual assaults took place in the defendant 's home , in woods nearby and in various apartments near where the family lived , prosecutors alleged . Only two of the 350 charges are related to the stepson , Walter said . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	There were allegations against Detlef S. for more than a decade , officials say He was accused of 350 incidents of abuse of his daughter , stepdaughter and stepson He admits fathering the children but denies sexual abuse , the court says He was also accused of providing his daughter and stepdaughter to men who paid for sex with them
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. and Cuban officials are set to sit down together in Washington on Friday to discuss immigration and other issues , according to a State Department spokesman . "  The U.S. views the migration talks as an important opportunity for both the United States and Cuban governments to discuss policies and procedures that promote safe , legal , and orderly migration , " State Department spokesman Michael Tran told CNN Sunday . Relations between Washington and Havana have deteriorated in recent months , in part because of Cuba 's detention of American contractor Alan Gross , who has been held in Cuban prison since December . The two countries have not formally held immigration talks since February and next week provides another chance for the U.S. to call for his release . "  The United States is focused on the welfare of Alan Gross and we believe he should be released and permitted to return to his family , " Tran said . "  This is a matter we have raised on multiple occasions with the Cuban government and that we will continue to raise with them . " In recent weeks , the United States did have discussions with Cuba about the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster . And earlier , the two countries talked about earthquake assistance to Haiti . "  We intend to review trends in illegal Cuban migration to the United States , and to improve operational relations with Cuba on migration issues , " Tran said about the agenda for Friday . "  Other matters of mutual concern may arise in our meetings , but the main purpose is to discuss migration issues . "	Talks slated for Friday Discussion will focus on welfare of U.S. contractor Alan Gross has been detain in Cuba since December
New York  CNN  -- To the delight of fans back home in Tokyo , Hideki Matsui drove in six of the New York Yankees ' seven runs in their World Series-winning victory Wednesday and became the first Japanese-born player to win a series Most Valuable Player award . For much of his career , Matsui was a star player for the Tokyo Giants . Matsui 's key role in the series highlights the close ties between American and Japanese baseball . Playing in the Yankees ' new stadium , the successor to the "  House that Ruth Built , " Matsui 's performance brought to mind the key role that Babe Ruth played in the development of professional baseball in Japan , according to Robert Fitts , author of several books on Japanese baseball . Fitts became a student of Japanese baseball in 1993 , when his wife , an attorney , was transferred to Japan . Fitts , then working on his Ph.D. in archaeology from Brown University , was looking for something to get him immersed in Japanese culture . He wrote to 30 of the greatest Japanese ballplayers and was surprised to hear back from nearly all of them , with some sending gifts . He 's the author of "  Remembering Japanese Baseball : An Oral History of the Game " and of "  Wally Yonamine , " a biography of the first Japanese-American to play professional football and the first American to play professional baseball in Japan . "  He was called the Jackie Robinson of Japan , " Fitts said . Yonamine led the Japanese league in batting twice and won the MVP award as a center fielder for the Tokyo Giants . CNN spoke with Fitts , who is based in New York , on Thursday . CNN : What are your thoughts on Matsui 's key role in the Yankees ' victory ? Fitts : It 's wonderful for Japanese baseball , of course . I would say that five years ago , maybe seven years ago , it would have been incredible , because people in America and in Japan were n't sure about the status of Japanese professional baseball . Many Americans and some in Japan thought that Japanese baseball was n't as good as American baseball . ... Since then , Ichiro -LSB- Suzuki -RSB- came over , and he set numerous Major League Baseball records . ... And then Japan won both of the World Baseball Classics . So Japan 's baseball has already proven itself to be of high caliber . Most Americans , even if they do n't know the history of Japanese baseball , recognize now that they play a very good game . CNN : In Japan , how significant is baseball ? Fitts : It 's the Japanese national sport . It 's been so since the 1890s . Japan had no native team sports . In the 1870s . American and British teachers introduced team sports to Japan . Cricket was introduced , along with rugby and baseball . Baseball is the one that became the most popular . In the 1890s , a Japanese high school team beat a team of American adults from the Yokohama Country Club . They beat them in three straight games . It took on national importance . Japan , of course , was opened up to Westerners in the 1850s by Commodore Perry . The Western nations were far more advanced in technology , and Japan did a rapid modernization . By 1890 , Japan felt it was ready to join modern nations as an equal , but the Western powers were n't ready to accept Japan . CNN : How did the game develop after that ? Fitts : The biggest change came with two tours . The first was in 1931 , an American all-star team whose big star was Lou Gehrig , and the bigger tour came in 1934 . Both of these tours were sponsored by the Yomiuri newspaper . In 1934 , they brought over what at the time was considered the greatest baseball team ever . It included Babe Ruth , Lou Gehrig , Jimmie Foxx , Charlie Gehringer , Earl Averill , Lefty Gomez , Connie Mack was the manager , and we ca n't forget Mo Berg , the future spy -LSB- for the United States in World War II -RSB- . The '34 tour was significant for two reasons : The first is that relations between Japan and the U.S. were really rocky at that point . There was a very significant treaty , the naval treaty , which limited the size of the major powers ' navies . For every five warships the U.S. and Britain could have , Japan was only allowed three . Japan found this quite insulting , even though they had agreed to it in the 1920s . When the all-star team went over there , the Japanese people went crazy . Half a million people turned out on November 2 for a welcoming parade in Tokyo for the American baseball team . The tour really did create a great deal of goodwill . However , that ended quickly . Within a month of the tour ending , Japan announced that it would not renew the naval treaty . Several months later , in February 1935 , an ultranationalist group tried to assassinate the president of the Yomiuri newspaper because he brought over the American team . He was wounded very seriously but survived . CNN : What was the importance of the tour for Japanese baseball ? Fitts : The Yomiuri newspaper used the enthusiasm generated by the tour to start their own professional league . The first team they created -- to play the American visitors -- was a Japanese all-star team called All-Nippon . After the tour , the All-Nippon team transformed into the Yomiuri -LSB- Tokyo -RSB- Giants . CNN : What was Babe Ruth 's role ? Fitts : Babe Ruth was credited as the man who helped start Japanese -LSB- professional -RSB- baseball . He was just Babe Ruth . He sold out every game . He had just been released by the Yankees prior to the tour . He hit over .300 ; he led the Americans and Japanese for most home runs . CNN : How did Hideki Matsui become a baseball star in Japan ? Fitts : He was signed right after high school . He was the hero of the annual high school tournament . His rookie year was 1993 with the Yomiuri Giants . He spent much of '93 in the minors . By 1994 , he became a true star , and he was the face of the team from '94 till he came over to the Yankees in 2003 . CNN : How did people feel about Matsui coming to the Yankees ? Fitts : The vast majority of people were very happy for him . There was no sense of betrayal except for the true Giants fans . This was very exciting news . I was there when it happened . This was a chance for Japan 's most popular player to prove himself in the major leagues . The Yankees are a special team in Japan just like they are in the U.S. They 're probably the most popular American team in Japan . When -LSB- Hideo -RSB- Nomo first came over in 1995 , I found my Japanese friends only cared about how the Japanese players did . They were a fan of the Dodgers one day when Nomo pitched ; they were a fan of the Angels when -LSB- Shigetoshi -RSB- Hasegawa pitched , but over time the Japanese fans became fans of different major league teams as they watched more major league baseball on TV . CNN : What have been the differences between the American and Japanese games ? Fitts : There were real substantial differences from the 1940s even through the early 1990s . ... The Japanese would sacrifice bunt far more than the Americans  they still do but less than they used to  . Players did n't go first to third on singles often . They would play line drives on hops rather than trying to make a shoestring catch and risk giving up more bases . It was a very conservative brand of baseball . Since the ties have become closer , Japan 's baseball has become more aggressive , more exciting , in my opinion . There are still differences . The Japanese really focus on practice and perfection of the technique . That 's something American players can learn from , and I think it helps explain the success of Hideki Matsui and Ichiro . They 're both dedicated players who practice many , many hours . If you watch Matsui at the plate , he 's a very disciplined hitter . His swing is very compact , very practiced , almost perfect . He rarely makes mental mistakes when he 's playing the field or running the bases . CNN : How do you think people view the fact that he 's going to be a free agent and might not stay with the Yankees ? Fitts : I think the Japanese people would be very disappointed if he does n't remain a Yankee ... and I think most New Yorkers would be very disappointed , too . He 's an extremely classy player and a classy individual . CNN : Were you rooting for the Yankees ? Fitts : I 'm a Phillies fan . I grew up in Philadelphia . I 'm in mourning this morning , but at least it was Matsui who did the damage .	Japanese baseball book author says Babe Ruth sparked professional game in Japan Robert Fitts says 1934 tour by American all-stars led to first pro teams He says Yankees star Matsui is example for American ballplayers Fitts : Matsui 's emphasis on perfecting and practicing technique leads to success
Wired  -- Like a professional location scout for Grimm fairy tale movies , photographer Kilian Schönberger seeks out and explores the less-traveled regions of Europe , searching for places that test the boundaries of fantasy and reality . The results are haunting photographs that look like they were smuggled out of a dream . "  Tolkien 's books , like Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit , were inspired by the old European myths , legends and fairy tales , " says Schönberger . "  The movies featured the wild landscapes of New Zealand -- but I wanted to find out if there are similar wild landscapes left in the populous region of Middle Europe , too . Therefore , I visited places in Germany , Czech Republic , Luxembourg and Austria . " The resulting series is called Brothers Grimm Homeland , for which Schönberger expertly uses framing , fog and lighting to subtly suggest the fairy tales of The Brothers Grimm . He lets our imaginations do the rest . Beginning with Children 's and Household Tales , published in 1812 , Jacob Ludwig Carl Grimm and Wilhelm Carl Grimm collected and published folklore ; specifically the stories that they believed reflected and preserved aspects of their own Germanic culture and faith . Stories such as Little Red Riding Hood , Hansel and Gretel , Snow White , and Sleeping Beauty all originated in European folk tales . Thanks to their research , these fables held enough appeal to survive the centuries . "  As a kid I was deeply fascinated by the magic of those stories , " says Schönberger . "  Now -- grown up and living in a rather big city  Cologne  -- this magic has disappeared in my everyday life ... I try to restore this world in my pictures . " Schönberger is a geographer as well as a photographer , and he combines both disciplines to communicate more than just the scenic beauty of a landscape . He does a considerable amount of research both ahead of time and in the field , taking into account landscape genesis , culture , and history . The locations he seeks are often rural and remote , and he uses fables and local fairy tales as a source when searching for new and lesser-known photo locations in Europe . Once he 's finally found the right spot , the weather conditions have to match up perfectly . "  Fog is an essential ingredient for the otherworldly look I am searching for , " Schönberger says . "  I would say I have ` mastered ' my personal ` fog forecast ' abilities , but it 's still more often than not a game of pure chance whether the fog has the right density or not . Sometimes it lasts years until you 'll get the desired conditions . " Schönberger actively began pursuing photography in 2003 , starting with a compact Ricoh Caplio RR30 . The following year , he spent his alternative service  Germany 's version of mandatory military service  near the Alps , which took him to some amazing landscapes . "  This was the time I started to reflect on composition and light control , " he says . "  One year later I unfortunately dropped the Ricoh camera down a waterfall -- seems like my photographic passion for landscapes was present from the beginning . " The sudden loss of his only camera eventually pushed him to purchase a DSLR in 2006 , but his work did n't become what he considers truly ambitious for another three years . While on a six-month trip in Norway , he became drawn to scenes that characterize what he now describes as the "  melancholic and harsh beauty " of his remote surroundings . "  In technology-driven urban environments , it 's principally hard to find resting places untouched by disturbing visual , olfactory , or audible noise , " Schönberger says . "  These kinds of places are endangered in today 's world . " Along with the long hikes and inclement weather , Schönberger has the added challenge of being colorblind . The blindness affects several tones , rendering him incapable of distinguishing green from red , magenta from grey , or violet from blue . Rather than be detrimental to his work , over the years he 's learned to transform it into a source of strength . By ignoring color , he 's free to focus more on the composition , which can be difficult to tame in chaotic forest environments . Ultimately it 's Schönberger 's instincts , vision and editing that infuse his photos with fantasy and elevate them above simply beautiful landscapes . "  I do n't want to show just portrayals of natural scenes , " Schönberger says . "  I want to create visually accessible places where the visitor can put his mind at rest and make up his own stories . " Read more from WIRED : A Room That Wrecks Your Perspective Creepy Portraits of Ventriloquist Dummies Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Kilian Schönberger explores wild landscapes in the region of Middle Europe He recreates the magic of the old myths that inspired Tolkien and The Brothers Grimm Fog is the essential ingredient for the haunting pictures of the colorblind photographer
CNN  -- Libya 's justice minister condemned the kidnapping of five Egyptian diplomats , and urged their captors to release them . Minister Salah al-Marghani said the envoys are guests of Libya and have nothing to do with the recent arrest in Egypt of the head of the Libyan state-funded militia group Libyan Revolutionary Operations Room , or LROR . Al-Marghani said the Libyan government is in touch with the Egyptian government about releasing the LROR chief . Al-Marghani 's press conference in Tripoli came just hours after the Egyptian embassy in the capital was evacuated . Saturday 's evacuation was in response to the Friday kidnapping of the five diplomats from the Egyptian embassy . The envoys , who were abducted by unknown gunmen , included the administrative and cultural attachÃ © s . A spokesman for the Libyan foreign ministry , Said Al-Aswad , told the Egyptian MENA news agency that the motive behind the kidnapping is still unknown and that Libyan authorities were investigating . Earlier on Saturday , the Libyan ambassador to Egypt said that the kidnappings could be in retaliation for the arrest of the LROR head , Shaaban Hadiya , also known as Abu Obedia El-Zawy , in Alexandria on Friday . According to news sources , Abu Obedia 's group was responsible for the kidnapping of Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan last October . The Libyan General National Congress  GNC  , which is drafting a new Libyan constitution , has demanded Egyptian authorities release Abu Obedia immediately . Earlier this week , a South Korean trade official as rescued after being taken from his car in the coastal capital last Sunday . His kidnappers were detained , authorities said . Libya 's government and fragile state security forces are struggling to impose law and order in a country awash with weapons left over from the 2011 war that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan minister calls for release of abducted Egyptian diplomats NEW : Minister Salah al-Marghani said the diplomats are guests of Libya Egyptian embassy in Tripoli evacuated Diplomats nabbed Friday
At a town hall meeting where he campaigned for health care legislation in 2009 , President Barack Obama pledged to voters that he did not want any tax on health insurance plans he perceived as wastefully generous to ever impact average Americans . But in recent comments by one of the men who helped draft the legislation , MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , that is not only precisely what will happen -- but that was the intention of the tax . White House officials had no comment , despite repeated requests by CNN . At issue is the tax on so-called "  Cadillac plans , " more expensive employer-provided health insurance plans . While employers do not currently have to pay taxes on health insurance plans they provide employees , starting in 2018 , companies that provide health insurance that costs more than $ 10,200 for an individual or $ 27,500 for a family will have to pay a 40 percent tax . At a town hall meeting on health care on July 23 , 2009 in Shaker Heights , Ohio , Obama explained that the thinking of the Cadillac tax was to target plans that spend unnecessarily and excessively , thus driving up health care costs , such as a $ 25,000 plan , "  so one that 's a lot more expensive and a lot fancier than the one that even members of Congress get . " The thinking , Obama explained , was that "  maybe at that point what you should do is you should sort of cap the exclusion , the tax deduction that is available , so that we 're discouraging these really fancy plans that end up driving up costs . " The President at that point had n't yet signed off on a Cadillac tax  he would eventually  but he did make the pledge : "  what I said and I 've taken off the table would be the idea that you just described , which would be that you would actually provide -- you would eliminate the tax deduction that employers get for providing you with health insurance , because , frankly , a lot of employers then would stop providing health care , and we 'd probably see more people lose their health insurance than currently have it . And that 's not obviously our objective in reform . " That promise is completely at odds with how Gruber describes not only that provision of the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare , but the intention of that provision . In one of the videos that surfaced in recent days in which the man described by the Obama campaign as having helped to write Obamacare describes the many ways voters he calls stupid were easily misled about the bill by those pushing it , Gruber says the Cadillac tax will do exactly what the president pledged it would not -- dissuade employers in general from providing insurance for its employees . "  Economists have called for 40 years to get rid of the regressive , inefficient and expensive tax subsidy provided for employer provider health insurance , " Gruber said at the Pioneer Institute for public policy research in Boston in 2011 . The subsidy is "  terrible policy , " Gruber said . "  It turns out politically it 's really hard to get rid of , " Gruber said . You can watch the full remarks here . Gruber said the only way those pushing for Obamacare could get rid of the tax subsidy for employer provider health insurance was to tax the more generous , or Cadillac , plans -- "  mislabeling it , calling it a tax on insurance plans rather than a tax on people when we all know it 's a tax on people who hold those insurance plans . " The second way was have the tax kick in "  late , starting in 2018 " and have its rate of growth tied to the consumer price index instead of to the much higher rate of medical inflation . Eventually , the 40 % tax on the more expensive plans would impact every employer-provided insurance plan . "  What that means is the tax that starts out hitting only 8 % of the insurance plans essentially amounts over the next 20 years essentially getting rid of the exclusion for employer sponsored plans , " Gruber said . "  This was the only political way we were ever going to take on one of the worst public policies in America . " By 2018 , Gruber said , those who object to the tax will be obligated to figure out how to come up with the trillion dollars that repealing the tax will take from the U.S. Treasury , or risk significantly adding to the national debt . This is obviously exactly what Obama told voters in 2009 he had "  taken off the table . " It is exactly a process to "  eliminate the tax deduction that employers get for providing you with health insurance " that five years ago Obama noted would result in "  a lot of employers then would stop providing health care , and we 'd probably see more people lose their health insurance than currently have it . "	At issue is the tax breaks business get for providing employees health insurance Obama said only ` Cadillac plans ' would be affected by this change under his law MIT economist Jonathan Gruber said tax breaks to employers for all plans are ` terrible policy ' Eventually every health insurance plan would be affected by the law due to inflation
Joseph Wood was supposed to go quickly and painlessly , when the State of Arizona put him to death by lethal injection on Wednesday . It took nearly two hours for him to die . Journalists called to witness the execution said it was hard to watch , as Wood snorted and gasped . One described it like a "  fish on shore gulping for air . " Arizona officials defended the procedure , saying that the proper protocols were followed . Human Rights Watch has compiled a list of U.S. executions between 1982 and 2006 , which it considers "  botched . " It 's hard to spot an example on that list of an execution that drew out nearly as long as Wood 's did . His lawyers call it a violation of his Eighth Amendment rights against "  cruel and unusual punishment . " They severely criticized the novel combination of two drugs used in the procedure . Wood 's slow death on Wednesday is fueling a debate that has kicked up as states try out new drug alternatives for lethal injection , after the sole U.S. manufacturer stopped making a key drug previously used . Here are some answers to basic questions about the controversy surrounding the new drug combinations . 1 . What drug combination did Arizona use ? Midazolam , which is an anesthetic used sometimes in surgery , and hydromorphone , a narcotic pain killer , commonly known by its brand name Dilaudid . The anesthetic is thought to render the inmate unconscious for the execution . An overdose of hydromorphone causes death by shutting down breathing and stopping the heart from beating . Lethal injections usually proceed in stages , with one drug injected first , another second and , in some cases , a third drug last . All of them in high doses . A very common combination has traditionally involved three drugs : -- An anesthetic to make the inmate unconscious . -- Then a paralyzing agent to keep him or her from flailing . -- Then a third drug , often potassium chloride , to stop the heart . Some states feel that overdoses of two drugs are enough , and there is a new movement afoot in some states to reduce it to a single drug , according to Fordham University School of Law . In Arizona , on Wednesday , Wood received the midazolam first , then the hydromorphone . 2 . Why is the new combination controversial ? The controversy surrounding the relatively new combination seems to center more on midazolam . Two other recent executions that appeared to turn ugly had it as an ingredient : -- Dennis McGurie started wheezing after receiving both drugs in Ohio in January . He gasped , and his chest and stomach heaved , a journalist witness said . He made choking sounds and clenched his fists . McGurie had been convicted of rape and murder . -- Oklahoma injected Clayton Lockett with midazolam in April . But instead of becoming unconscious , he twitched , convulsed and spoke . The execution was halted , but Lockett died anyhow after 43 minutes . Officials blamed the botched execution on a burst vein . Lockett had been convicted of murder . Before McGurie received the combination , experts warned of the possible adverse reaction . And according to the National Institutes of Health , midazolam 's side effects can include uncontrollable shaking , seizures and difficulty breathing . 3 . Why the new drug combinations ? For years -- in the three-drug method mentioned above -- sodium thiopental was injected first as the anesthetic , but its sole U.S. manufacturer , Illinois based Hospira , stopped producing it . In 2011 , it entered into a production deal in Italy , where the death penalty is illegal , and the company had to promise its product would not be used in the United States for executions . Since it felt it could n't guarantee that , it shut down the production . The European Union has banned its manufacturers from exporting sodium thiopental to the United States for the same reason . 4 . Did executions work well with the previous drug ? CNN has not been able to find cases , in which the administration of previous execution drug combinations led to such prolonged deaths , but the use of sodium thiopental has also found its critics . They have attacked the drug itself and also question the professionalism of its application . Scientists from the University of Miami have said that the anesthesia does n't last long enough , and as a result , an inmate may become alert during the execution . But the paralyzing agent administered after the anesthetic may prevent him or her from letting anyone know that he or she is awake . The inmate may be silent and still but experience the administration of the third , deadly drug consciously . "  It would be a cruel way to die , " they wrote , "  awake , paralyzed , unable to move , to breathe , while potassium burned through your veins . " The scientists also have complained that executioners had no training in anesthesia . The three-drug method was developed by an medical examiner in Oklahoma and passed on to prison personnel , they said . The result , the scientists fear , is inmates suffering through their executions eyes wide opened . Opinion : 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty Death penalty facts that may surprise you Oklahoma 's botched lethal injection marks new front in battle over executions	Joseph Wood was supposed to die quickly and painlessly But he stayed alive for two hours after being injected with a novel combination of drugs His protracted death has stirred controversy over states looking for new lethal drugs
EW.com  -- "  Facts of Life " star and "  Survivor " schemer Lisa Whelchel has West Nile virus . The 49-year-old actress tweeted her condition , writing , "  Dr. just called with blood test results ... I have West Nile . Ugh . I 'm fine , just tired . Takes a year to recover . " It 's unknown where she contracted the illness , which can be spread by mosquitoes . 10 Most Successful Mouseketeers "  Survivor : Philippines " wrapped its production in April . Approximately 5,000 Americans have been infected by the illness this year , and Texas , where Whelchel lives , is one of the hardest-hit states . Whelchel later tweeted , "  I 've been very touched by all the sweet tweets . Other than tired , I 'm feeling fine & expecting a full recovery . So grateful for you . Thanks !? " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Facts of Life 's " Lisa Whelchel has West Nile virus The 49-year-old actress tweeted , "  Dr. just called with blood test results ... I have West Nile " "  Survivor : Philippines " wrapped its production in April
CNN  -- New York 's attorney general wrote NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on Thursday , urging him to firmly state that potential players wo n't be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation . The letter from Eric Schneiderman comes after a few prospective players said that during last month 's scouting combine in Indianapolis , one or more NFL teams asked them questions about their relationships with women . The remarks spurred a debate over whether NFL clubs were inquiring into players ' sexual preferences and whether gay people would be discriminated against by the 32 teams . "  Equal protection under the law is an essential issue for employers , employees and prospective job applicants , " Schneiderman wrote to Goodell . "  For that reason , I ask that the league clarify its position by issuing a public statement that any form of discrimination or harassment on the basis of sexual orientation by league teams or their employees or agents against potential recruits or players constitutes a violation of state , local and , in some cases , contractual law , and will not be tolerated . " NFL to investigate whether Nick Kasa was asked about sexual orientation In February , Nick Kasa , who played tight end at the University of Colorado , told CNN that during the combine he was asked : "  Do you have a girlfriend ? Are you married ? Do you like girls ? " "  Those kind of things , and it was kind of weird , " he told CNN . "  But like they would ask you with a straight face , and it 's a pretty weird experience altogether . " Kasa did not say who asked him those questions . University of Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson told a sports radio talk show that he was asked whether he had a girlfriend . The NFL said in February that it would investigate the allegations and said it already had policies against such questions in place . "  Any team or employee that inquires about impermissible subjects or makes an employment decision based on such factors is subject to league discipline , " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said at the time . League policy states that teams "  neither consider nor inquire about sexual orientation in the hiring process , " Aiello said then . "  In addition , there are specific protections in our collective bargaining agreement with the players that prohibit discrimination against any player , including on the basis of sexual orientation . " On Thursday , Aiello reiterated the league 's position that all teams must follow federal and state employments laws . The combine is a skills audition for NFL general managers and coaches to evaluate players before the draft , which this year will be held April 25 to 27 . The National Football League is based in New York .	New York 's attorney general asks NFL to explicitly state it wo n't tolerate sexual orientation bias Some prospects said teams asked them about girlfriends in skills audition last month The NFL , headquartered in New York , has said it already has policies in place
CNN  -- "  What do you call a Lada driver with a speeding ticket ? A liar . " Kimi Raikkonen might not have heard that old joke about the much-maligned car , an icon of the Soviet era , but it might give him a chuckle . "  I had a Russian Lada , " the Formula One star revealed as he took CNN 's The Circuit for a spin in a flashy sports car provided by his team Ferrari . "  I got it from a friend of ours . We changed the engine . It was perfect for us -- free of charge and a very robust car . "  It was red but we painted it black . It never broke down . " The Finn now drives one of the world 's fastest vehicles on the F1 racetrack -- which he definitely would n't be allowed to paint black -- but the down-to-earth approach of his first car beautifully sums up his underlying normality . The man they call the "  Iceman " is Formula One 's most reluctant star . The 34-year-old is known for his succinct , cool answers when facing the media . And while he does n't say much , he often says what he thinks . Perhaps his most famous admission came in 2006 when he explained he missed the presentation for the retiring Michael Schumacher , the man he was going to replace at Ferrari the following year , because he was in the bathroom -- or words to that effect . Then there are the off-track headlines , like the time he was filmed falling off a boat during a party . Raikkonen 's pithy comments and antics have made him a cult icon among F1 fans but he insists he would rather stay out of the spotlight . "  It 'd be perfect to lead a normal life where nobody notices you , " he tells CNN . "  But obviously you can not have both . "  Racing and driving is the main thing but there 's a lot of other stuff that comes with it . "  I 've been long enough in the business to know that it 's a big part of it . For me , it 's not much fun . "  I 'm not a big fan of going places and showing off , I 'd rather do my own things . I never try to hide it because it is how it is . " Unlike many other drivers on the grid , Raikkonen is also refreshingly honest about his childhood ambitions while growing up in the city of Espoo . "  I would n't say I wanted to become a Formula One driver straight away , " he explains . "  I actually started out with motocross when I was a small boy and then go-karts . It was good fun and you start wanting more . "  But I still did n't believe that I would even make it to F1 because we did n't have the money . "  I just thought I 'd do karts for as long as possible and then do something else . " That something else was two titles in the British Formula Renault Championship . After just 23 races , Raikkonen was signed up by Sauber and fast-tracked into F1 for the 2001 season . He won his first grand prix with McLaren in 2003 and his first and only world title with Ferrari in 2007 before the Italian team effectively paid up the rest of his salary to bring in Fernando Alonso for the 2010 season . Officially retired from F1 , Raikkonen flexed his driving muscles in the World Rally Championships and got behind the wheel for two NASCAR races . His team radio in the U.S. series endeared him to new fans with such quotable outbursts as : "  I do n't understand how this car can be so hot . My ass is even burning in here . " "  I really enjoy the whole NASCAR thing , " Raikkonen recalls . "  It 's just completely different and fun . It was a good experience . "  Hopefully I can do more  races  some day . I 've said I 'd like to do some more rallies in the future . " For now , F1 's reluctant star is focused on finishing his second spell in the sport with Ferrari , having returned to Maranello after two seasons with Lotus in which he re-established himself on the grid despite the team 's financial problems . With two wins and 15 podiums he became hot property , and replaced Felipe Massa at the home of the "  Prancing Horse . " The 34-year-old , who has struggled with an under-performing car this season , says he plans to finish his career with the Italian marque but is giving nothing away on when exactly that might be . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel is expected to sign for Ferrari next year , with Alonso tipped to return to McLaren . "  I have a contract for next year and probably for one more year , " Raikkonen says . "  But I 'm not a young guy anymore . "  I want to do something more with my life than just Formula One . I will finish my career in Ferrari . "  I never lost the passion . I will stop the day when I feel I do n't enjoy it anymore . " A new chapter is about to begin for Raikkonen in the near future when his girlfriend Minttu Virtanen gives birth to their first child . "  The biggest challenge will be with a family , " he says . "  That will take a lot of time and effort . " Asked if he would encourage his child to follow him into motor racing , he gives a typically direct and definitive "  No ! " Raikkonen might not be keen on small talk but he is looking forward to discussing fatherhood with Vettel , his closest friend in F1 , who became a father to a baby daughter earlier this year . "  The guy I have most to do with outside of racing is Vettel , " he says . "  The rest I do n't really see as friends , I race against them . "  He 's just a normal guy and it 's an easy relationship . " On the subject of sharing baby tips with the German , Raikkonen adds : "  Yes , he has more experience ... " He might be one of F1 's most-enigmatic and best-loved stars , and still among the highest earners , but in many ways he has stayed true to his roots . "  I have normal cars , " he explains . "  Maybe when I was young I was a bit more like , ` This nice car , I want to have this and drive this . ' "  Not anymore . I drive normal cars without people noticing me , so it makes my life easy . " Dare we suggest , Raikkonen might have rewound time by swapping a Ferrari for a beat-up Lada ?	Kimi Raikkonen drives a Ferrari for a living but his first car was a second-hand Lada The Finnish F1 star says he longs to lead "  a normal life " Raikkonen plans to finish his F1 career with Ferrari but is n't ruling out more NASCAR races The 34-year-old says his next big challenge is fatherhood
CNN  -- Diprivan is a powerful I.V. anesthetic drug used for patients undergoing certain surgeries and diagnostic procedures . Patients undergoing surgery may receive Diprivan to keep them sedated during the procedure . The drug is making headlines with the claim from a nurse who worked for pop icon Michael Jackson that the singer , who died June 25 , had repeatedly asked her about the drug . Nurse Cherilyn Lee told CNN that Jackson had brought up Diprivan about three months ago , saying he needed it for insomnia and that his doctor said it was safe . "  He said , ' I am so sleepy . I can not sleep . I want to have at least eight hours of sleep , ' " Lee told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The medication , whose generic name is propofol , renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary . The patient wakes up almost immediately after the infusion is stopped , experts say . But treating sleep disorders is not an approved use of the drug . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says Diprivan should be given only by people trained in the administration of general anesthesia and who are not involved in the conduct of the surgery or diagnostic procedure . Watch Dr. Gupta explain when and how propofol  Diprivan  is used " The general anesthetic has the effect of making patients feel well-rested when they wake up from it , said Dr. Hector Vila , chairman of the Ambulatory Surgery Committee for the American Society of Anesthesiologists . Vila gives the drug to all of his patients who are getting office procedures in areas such as urology , dentistry and gynecology . It is also the most common anesthetic for colonoscopies , he said . "  I have never heard of anyone using it for the treatment of a sleep disorder , " he said . There have been cases of health care professionals self-administering the drug and abusing it , however , said Vila , who has examined deaths from Diprivan in Florida . Other deaths from the drug have occurred when administered by non-anesthetist professionals , in settings such as ophthalmology , gynecology and plastic surgery , he said . Diprivan appears white and milky , and is usually run as an I.V. drip . In addition to surgical applications , it can be used in the intensive care unit for someone who may be intubated on a ventilator . The drug itself does not provide pain relief , experts say . The principle risks of Diprivan come from improper monitoring of the patient 's breathing , Vila said . When a person 's breathing slows down , not enough carbon dioxide gets removed from the body , and not enough oxygen enters . This could lead to cardiac arrest , he said . Still , when used properly , Diprivan is not a dangerous drug , he said . "  It 's very safe in a properly trained physician 's hands . " The drug has been used in the past to treat prolonged epileptic seizures . A small MayoClinic study in 2008 found that Diprivan was associated with a higher risk of cardiac arrest and deaths in patients with a condition called refractory status epilepticus . Side effects of Diprivan may include dizziness and lightheadedness . Balance , coordination and judgment may be affected for up to 24 hours , so patients should not drive cars , play sports or sign contracts in that period , Vila said . Patients may also experience a euphoric feeling upon waking up , Vila said . This is distinct from older anesthetics , which caused nausea and vomiting , he said . The FDA also issued a warning to health care professionals in 2007 about patients who experienced chills , fever and body aches shortly after receiving the drug for sedation or general anesthesia . Doctors consider sedation a continuum , where relaxation is on the mild side and general anesthesia is at the other extreme . There may be complications of Diprivan if the patient is also taking prescription pain medications , experts say . Patients should tell their health care providers about any allergies they have before taking this drug , doctors say , including eggs , soy products , sulfite , benzyl alcohol and any medications . CNN 's Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	Diprivan renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary FDA has not approved it for treating sleep disorders The drug has the effect of making the patient feel well-rested upon waking up People with food or drug allergies should alert their doctor before taking it
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has had a tough year . Although he began in January well aware of the immense problems that second-term presidents have historically confronted , it still does n't seem that he was fully prepared for what was to come . The past 12 months have found the president struggling to protect his domestic policies from attack and to maintain control of the national agenda . Obama began the year enjoying the glow of his reelection against Mitt Romney . The year ended with his approval ratings plummeting ; more and more Americans reported that they did n't trust Obama . Many of the main items on his agenda -- tax reform , gun control , immigration reform , and climate change -- are languishing . What factors made this year so difficult ? The toughest challenge that President Obama faced has been the continuing ruthless opposition he has encountered on Capitol Hill . Congressional Republicans have maintained their aggressive stance toward the administration , using the legislative process to achieve their objectives . The most tangible example of this strategy has been their threat to not raise the debt ceiling to force the president into several weeks of confrontation over the budget . Even as their own party approval ratings plummeted , Republicans displayed a fierce determination to move forward with their strategy . Part of the problem stems from the fact that House Republicans play to their activist base , which will shape the primaries in their safe districts , rather than to independent voters . Tea party Republicans control enough of the House Caucus to force the speaker into their corner if he wants to keep his job . Although Obama held his ground on the final outcome of the debt ceiling battle , the budget brinkmanship consumed a huge amount of valuable political time . If Congress passes the current budget deal , it will create a temporary pause in the budget wars , but the battles have already taken their toll Republicans used other tactics as well . They stifled Obama 's federal judicial nominations and executive appointments , until Senate Democrats became so frustrated that they changed the filibuster rules  a true sign of desperation in the upper chamber !  . House Republicans refused to move forward with an immigration bill with bipartisan support sent to them from the Senate , and conducted many hearings about the president 's health care program trying to find scandal in a story about poor implementation . That brings us to Obama 's second challenge in 2013 , one that did not come from his opponents but the failures of management and organization of his own administration . After his health care program had survived judicial and legislative challenge , all eyes turned to see what the Affordable Care Act would look like when the government launched the federal online health care exchange on October 1 . The results were not pretty . The website was filled with problems . The system kept crashing when people tried to sign on . It gradually became clear that the site was not even prepared to disseminate the information about who purchased insurance to the insurers . Investigative stories soon revealed that high-level officials had been aware of these problems long before the web site went live , and failed to properly prepare . Two months later the administration was able to get the system running relatively smoothly , as far as we now know . But the embarrassment of the first weeks had its cost on American 's confidence in the program , as well as in the President . Political scientist Theda Skocpol has reminded us that Social Security policymaker Wilbur Cohen , an iconic figure in the 1950s and 1960s , once said that Medicare was 1 % inspiration and 99 % implementation . In a toxic political atmosphere , Obama caused huge problems for himself with the way that he handled the 99 % of the job . And Obama has continued to struggle in the politics of perception . This has been a weakness of this administration from the start of his first term . Obama is a politician who maintains an unending belief in rationality . He refuses to embrace the frenzied media environment where it is often difficult to tell fact from fiction . Since taking office , Obama has continued to hold firm to the idea that over time voters will pay attention to the facts , and that the candidate with the best argument will win . Sometimes , particularly on foreign policy , his outlook has proven to be correct . But on many other occasions he has seen how quickly the national conversation can shift as the president stood silent . When Obama persuaded Congress to pass an economic stimulus bill in 2009 , the administration did little to sell the program . Even though it was a modest program , heavily weighted toward tax cuts rather than government spending , conservatives branded it as a failed big-spending program that did nothing for the economy . When Congress passed a health care program in 2010 that left the private insurance system fully intact and avoided anything looking like a national health insurance plan , the White House stood still as Republicans defined the bill as big government gone wild . It was especially important that the White House respond aggressively this year before the rollout , but it did not . The public never got fully behind the law , let alone understood it . The President has also allowed small stories to shift public discussion . Most recently , he delivered a major address on inequality in America . The speech was meant to outline an agenda for the rest of his presidency and provide a framework for the policies that he would pursue . Within a few days of the speech , however , many reporters had refocused on new pseudo-scandals , such as the revelation that Obama once lived with an uncle who was almost deported as a result of a drunken-driving arrest . Administration officials might rightly complain that these kinds of stories have little to do with the underlying issues facing the nation , but they still reflect the kind of media environment all presidents face . From marketing their programs to fighting back against smaller scandals , the President 's team needs to do a much better job in the politics of information . In apparent recognition of this failing , the administration is adding John Podesta , Phil Schiliro , and Katie Beirne Fallon to the White House team . In the realm of national security , Obama also struggled in the face of the ongoing disclosures over the NSA surveillance program . Major leaks have revealed the extensive spying that the United States has undertaken within the United States and overseas , revelations that have angered many of the President 's supporters who had believed he would do things differently than President George W. Bush . The one area where the president has experienced slightly more positive outcomes are in foreign policy . In confronting a series of crises -- including Syria 's use of chemical weapons against rebels and Iran 's nuclear buildup -- Secretary of State John Kerry has put in place a series of temporary deals that aim to curb these threats . Although the verdict is out on both of these , and each deal can backfire on the administration if they do n't work out , for the time being the White House has calmed the storms . Obama 's supporters should hope that the tough moments of the year turn into learning moments for the President , hardening him for the coming year and giving him a better roadmap about how to push for his agenda in the upcoming year . They might take some solace from President Ronald Reagan , who enjoyed some of his most important accomplishments in his final years in office -- the signing of the INF Treaty with the Soviet Union -- as well as President Bill Clinton , whose approval ratings skyrocketed in his final years . The good news for the president is that there is time left to win back public support and build on his record for the history textbooks . He also can gain some optimism from the fact that he is facing a deeply divided Republican Party whose approval ratings are even worse than his . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Barack Obama suffered many reverses in 2013 He says the glow of reelection faded fast , as Obama faced relentless opposition from GOP in Congress Budget battles consumed valuable time , and the rollout of Obamacare was a major embarrassment , he says Zelizer : Diplomatic deals on Iran and Syria provided some progress , but they may not hold
CNN Student News  -- December 3 , 2014 Divisions are deep across the U.S. when it comes to recent events in Ferguson , Missouri . We 're exploring multiple perspectives on them at the start of today 's show . We also cover concussions in high school football and the dangers of synthetic drugs . And we show you an invention that looks like a vacuum cleaner but performs like a stockperson . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The Great Depression is in full swing . Gangster Al Capone is sentenced to 11 years behind bars for tax evasion . Dick Tracy debuts in the comics . The George Washington Bridge opens . The old subway cars have concrete floors , overhead fans and open windows . The year is 1931 . And New Yorkers are stepping onto the brand new R-1 model subway car , built by the American Car & Foundry factory in Berwick , Pennsylvania . Fast-forward 77 years . New Yorkers and tourists are once again boarding these 84,000-pound , 60-foot-long behemoths constructed of riveted steel , with some featuring wicker seats , dangling emergency brake cords , incandescent light bulbs , big exposed overhead fans , and open windows . "  I really thought I was getting on the wrong train until the conductor told me it 's going to 23rd -LSB- Street -RSB- , exactly where I 'm going , " said Joseph Salmond , who had never seen a subway car quite this old . "  It was like , what 's that movie , ` Back to the Future ' ? " Watch the ride back in time " A legendary workhorse of the transit system until the model was put out to pasture in 1977 , the R-1 is temporarily back in action as part of New York City Transit 's holiday "  Nostalgia Train " on Sundays in December . The R-1 and other rehabilitated subway cars from the 1930s to the 1970s are making the rounds from Manhattan 's Lower East Side to the borough of Queens along the "  V " line . Passengers love to ride on this special occasion , even though the ride is bumpier and noisier than they have grown accustomed to on today 's gleaming stainless steel subways . Would New Yorkers want to ride these trains on a daily basis ? "  Absolutely not , " says Chuck Falkowitz , who remembers the R-1 from his childhood in the 1950s . He prefers today 's cleaner seats , improved lighting , heating and air conditioning . "  But it is fun to ride them , " Falkowitz says . "  Once a year 's more than enough " Bill Wall , a New York City Transit service supervisor working aboard the R-1 on a recent Sunday , said the train has a special effect on riders and subway employees alike . "  You come on a New York City subway , people are there , they read their papers , they 're going about their business , " he said . "  On this train , you see people smiling and talking to one another and saying , ` Oh , God , this is a great thing , ' " said Wall , proudly calling it "  transportainment . " Built like a battleship with steel body and concrete floors , the R-1 was simple and reliable . State of the art in its day , each car cost just under $ 40,000 , according to Wall . Today 's subway cars run the city about $ 1.5 million apiece . In the 1930s , the R-1 's ceiling fans were a major improvement over relying solely on the motion of the train and open windows to move air around . But as time went on , people thought , " Overhead fans that close to people 's heads -- that may not be such a great idea , " Wall said . In the 1940s , the system began switching to enclosed fans . Later , cooling and heating systems became the norm , which is why today 's subway cars have lower ceilings . The R-1s were also the first trains in New York to have four sets of doors on the sides for rapid loading and unloading , a big boost to New York City subways ' ability to accommodate the growing post-World War I population . With the R-1 in mind , Billy Strayhorn composed his 1939 classic tune , "  Take the A Train . " Given its historical legacy , what 's an R-1 worth now ? "  It 's what you make it to be in terms of worth , " Wall said . "  Some people look at it and say it 's an old train worth whatever the scrap value is . Some people will look at it and say it 's an heirloom . " "  You really ca n't even put a price on something like this , " he says . To put things into perspective : In the 1970s the R-1s were being sold to scrap dealers for less than $ 1,000 each . If you think you 'll get one for that price today , someone in Brooklyn has a bridge to sell you .	Some 1930s-era subway cars are back in service this month in New York Some feature wicker seats , overhead fans and old advertising posters Rehabilitated subway cars from 1930s to 1970s go from Manhattan to Queens Transit official : Old cars make riders smile , talk with each other
CNN  -- Rutgers University Athletic Director Tim Pernetti has resigned in the wake of a basketball player abuse scandal , saying that he regretted not fighting the school 's decision to initially suspend , rather than fire , men 's head coach Mike Rice last year . The resignation announced Friday by the university 's president came the same day that former NBA player Eric Murdock filed a lawsuit against Rutgers , alleging he was fired as the team 's director of player development for blowing the whistle on Rice . Rice was dismissed Wednesday after ESPN aired a video showing him shoving and berating player ESPN got the video from Murdock . The school says he was let go for "  insubordinate conduct " unrelated to the video , according to ESPN . Pernetti came under fire this week for not taking more serious disciplinary action against Rice . In his resignation letter , Pernetti wrote that his "  first instincts " after seeing the video last year , months before ESPN aired it , "  was to fire him  Rice  immediately . " "  However , Rutgers decided to follow a process involving university lawyers , human resources professionals , and outside counsel , " Pernetti wrote . "  Following review of the independent investigative report , the consensus was that university policy would not justify dismissal . "  I have admitted my role in , and regret for , that decision , and wish that I had the opportunity to go back and override it for the sake of everyone involved . " The video initially had earned Rice a three-game suspension , a $ 75,000 fine and a ticket to anger management classes . "  There 's no explanation for what 's on those videos because there 's no excuse for it , " Rice told CNN affiliate WABC after he was fired . Still , he will walk away with a $ 100,000 longevity bonus , according to the university . ESPN , which aired the video Tuesday , said it shows practice sessions shot between 2010 and 2012 in which the coach also threw basketballs at players . "  You f**king fairy ... you 're a f**king fa ** ot , " Rice appears to say during one session . Rice had just ended his third year as the Scarlet Knights ' coach with a record of 44-51 , and was under contract through the 2014-2015 season . On Friday , Rutgers President Robert Barchi also announced the resignation of John Wolf , the school 's interim senior vice president and general counsel . Barchi , who has come under fire for not taking swifter action against Rice , said he did not see the video when it was initially brought to the attention of the school 's athletic department . The first time he saw it , he said , was when the video clip aired this week . "  I 'm certain the situation would have had a very different outcome had I done so , " Barchi told reporters . Assistant coach Jimmy Martelli resigned the same day the school fired Rice . According to the lawsuit , Murdock is suing the university for violating New Jersey 's employment law , violating his contract and creating a hostile work environment after he accused the former head coach of violating the school 's anti-bullying policies put in place after the suicide of Tyler Clementi two years ago . Clementi , a student at Rutgers , leaped from the George Washington Bridge in September 2010 after learning his roommate , Dharun Ravi , used a webcam to stream his sexual encounter with another man . Murdock alleges in the lawsuit he first notified the university about Rice 's behavior last summer and in November supplied Rutgers officials with a copy of a video that culled together a number of allegedly abusive incidents involving the head coach . "  Despite having been in possession of such video footage , the university and its representatives inexplicably chose to ignore ... Rice 's unlawful conduct , " the lawsuit said . Murdock 's attorney , Barry Kozyra , told reporters Friday that he and Murdock at the time told the university that Rice should step down . When asked about the lawsuit , Barchi declined to comment , citing "  an ongoing legal situation . " Earlier this week , Pernetti had said he made a mistake in favoring suspension for the head coach . "  I am responsible for the decision to attempt a rehabilitation of Coach Rice , " Pernetti said in a written statement . "  Dismissal and corrective action were debated in December and I thought it was in the best interest of everyone to rehabilitate , but I was wrong . " It was a surprising end to Pernetti 's tenure at Rutgers , where he was heralded only last year for his role in moving the university into the powerhouse Big Ten Conference , which will begin in 2014 . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Mark Norman and Jason Durand contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-Rutgers team official files a whistleblower lawsuit Ex-athletic director : I wanted to fire Rice earlier Pernetti : "  I have admitted my role " Video shows former coach Mike Rice verbally and physically being abusive
CNN  -- The 4-year-old daughter of former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson died Tuesday , a day after she was injured in a treadmill accident at her home , police in Phoenix , Arizona , said . Former world boxing champion Mike Tyson traveled from Las Vegas to Phoenix to be at his daughter 's bedside . Exodus Tyson was pronounced dead at 11:45 a.m. local time Tuesday , said Sgt. Andy Hill , a Phoenix police spokesman . "  The Tyson family would like to extend our deepest and most heartfelt thanks for all your prayers and support , and we ask that we be allowed our privacy at this difficult time , " the family said in a statement . The girl 's 7-year-old brother found her on a treadmill in the Phoenix home Monday . She had been strangled by a cord connected to the machine , said Sgt. Andy Hill of the Phoenix Police Department . "  We believe the child was on the treadmill but it was not running at the time . She might have been playing like it was , " Hill said . Her brother called his mother to the room . She removed Exodus from the machine and called 911 . The girl 's mother performed CPR on her , but she was unconscious and in need of life support by the time authorities arrived , Hill said . Former world heavyweight champion Tyson on Monday traveled from Las Vegas , Nevada , to Phoenix where his daughter was on life support in critical condition , police said . "  After a thorough investigation , it appears that this is nothing except a horrible tragedy , " Hill told CNN 's Larry King . Watch an exclusive report from "  Larry King Live " " About 1,000 children under 14 die of unintentional strangulation each year , 88 percent of whom are under 4 years old , said Larry Stone , founder of Safety Matters , a company that specializes in childproofing homes . Stone said injuries involving treadmills were fairly common , but said he had never heard of strangulation involving a treadmill . "  All injuries are preventable . There are ways to babyproof your home , " Stone said . "  I think that largely it is a matter of taking care of the more straightforward things ... making sure there are no cords from the windows hanging and certainly keeping the child in view . " Watch neighbors react to news " The 42-year-old Brooklyn-born Tyson became the youngest world heavyweight champion in history when he lifted the World Boxing Council title aged 20 . Tyson also won the WBA and IBF versions of the crown during a career that was littered with controversy including disqualification for biting Evander Holyfield 's ear during a 1997 title rematch . He retired from the sport in 2005 , but was back in the news this month with the U.S. release of the film "  Tyson , " a documentary that premiered at the Cannes Film Festival last year .	Tyson family thanks public for support , prayers , asks for privacy Exodus Tyson strangled by treadmill cord while playing on machine , police say "  It appears that this is nothing except a horrible tragedy , " Sgt. Andy Hill says She is daughter of former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson
