CNN  -- Pop icon David Cassidy , in rehab after his latest DUI arrest , says if he ever takes another drink , it could be fatal . In an interview with Piers Morgan , Cassidy admitted that his latest drunken driving arrest was a wake-up call . "  If I take another drink , I 'm going to die , physically , mentally , emotionally , spiritually . I 'm dead , " Cassidy , 63 , said . "  You know , they say it 's a slippery slope . ... It 's not a slippery slope . It 's from 12:00 to 6:00 on the clock and the whole face is ice . One sip , one drink , because there is no such a thing , not to an alcoholic . You have one and you 're -- you 're done . I 'd be done . " Cassidy said it was time to stop being in denial and be honest with himself . "  It 's very painful , especially when I spent most of my life being what I would consider a very loving , caring charitable man and someone who has always protected my own image until the time , not wanting to disappoint the millions of fans that I have around the world . And , and it 's very humbling and it 's also humiliating . " Cassidy checked into rehab in South Florida after being arrested on a DUI charge on January 10 in Los Angeles after stopping for a drink on his way to the airport . He pleaded no contest and received a sentence of five years ' probation and 90 days in rehab , although his manager said he will be credited for the time he has already spent in residential treatment That incident followed DUI arrests in August 2013 in Schodack , New York ,  that case is still pending  and one in St. Lucie County , Florida , in November 2010 for which he received a sentence of a year 's probation and had his license suspended for six months . The singer also received community service and a fine in that case . His interview with Morgan was the first time Cassidy had publicly talked about his struggle to stay sober . "  I am most definitely an alcoholic , " Cassidy said . "  And the interesting thing about it and the way you end up with multiple DUIs -- I never got arrested for anything until I was basically 60 years old . And I have very , very strong values about what I am and who I am . "  I 've done an enormous amount of bringing light into people 's lives , and I 'm very proud of that and touching and inspiring people . " He admitted that until his latest arrest , "  I had been lying to myself and consequently lying to everyone else about my disease . " Cassidy came to fame with his role as Keith Partridge in the hit '70s TV show "  The Partridge Family , " and toured the world singing his hit songs . At the time , his fan club was bigger than Elvis and The Beatles and he continues to perform around the country . The drinking began in 2002 , he said , and then got worse over time . This is Cassidy 's third stint in rehab . "  I certainly never drank or took any drugs or narcotics , contrary to whatever has been printed , when I was doing ` The Partridge Family ' or thereafter for that matter , " he said . In recent months , the former teen idol acknowledged that he was on a downward spiral . In addition to the most recent arrest , his third wife filed for divorce . Asked how she would react to how the drinking affected his behavior , he told Morgan , "  She 'd just say it made me an ass . ... you know it made me a fricking d ** k. And you know , I was n't ... authentic , OK . It 's because I have an allergy to it . My personality changes I 'm not aware of it . I never stop talking , you know . ... it 's obnoxious . It 's embarrassing . " Despite all his recent setbacks , Cassidy said he had recently had a life-altering "  spiritual experience . " "  I dropped to my knees and I felt something go through me that was like , I felt this experience that was just , thank you God . I felt this relief . I begged it and I was crying and weeping like a little boy , like a , like a sobbing little infant , like I 'm sure I did many times as a kid . And I felt this incredible sense of relief because I stopped lying to myself , " he said .	The former teen idol says his latest arrest has been a "  wake-up call " David Cassidy says he will die if he has another drink He tells Piers Morgan that he has been lying to himself
Grappling with drought conditions , California officials on Tuesday approved statewide emergency water restrictions . The restrictions are the first of their kind statewide , California Water Board spokesman George Kostyrko said , and will affect lawn watering , car washing , hosing down driveways and ornamental fountains . Infractions could bring a fine of $ 500 per day . Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency for California in January . State officials say last year was one of California 's driest years ever . Drought-ravaged California turns to tech for help How oceans can solve our freshwater crisis	New restrictions will affect lawn watering and car washing across California They 're the first of their kind in the state , which is dealing with a major drought Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency in January
CNN  -- A man accused of killing his wife while she frantically spoke to a 911 operator bought marijuana candy just hours before the deadly shooting , police said Thursday . Now Richard Kirk , 47 , faces a first-degree murder charge . And authorities are facing questions about why it took them so long to reach the family 's Denver home . For nearly 13 minutes , Kristine Kirk told 911 she feared for herself and their three scared children . She screamed when her husband went to the family safe and grabbed a gun . The 911 operator heard what sounded like a gunshot . Then "  the screaming stopped , " Denver Police Detective Mark Crider wrote in a search warrant affidavit . And Kristine Kirk , the detective wrote , was "  never heard from again . " When they arrived at her house , investigators found her dead on the floor with an apparent gunshot wound to the head . Receipts and security camera footage showed Richard Kirk had purchased a candy called "  Karma Kandy Orange Ginger " at a marijuana store in southeast Denver at 6:40 p.m. that night , the affidavit says . Investigators said they 'll examine a blood sample to determine whether Kirk was under the influence of any substances at the time of the shooting . During her 911 call made just after 9:30 p.m. , according to the affidavit , Kristine Kirk said her husband "  had taken some marijuana and possibly some prescription medication for back pain . " "  Please hurry , " she told the dispatcher , adding that her husband was "  totally hallucinating " and scaring their kids , the affidavit says . The affidavit says Kristine Kirk sounded "  panicked " but does not specify at what point in the 911 call her tone changed . After authorities arrested Richard Kirk , the affidavit says , he started "  rambling to himself " and told an officer "  that he was the strongest in the Church of Latter Day Saints and he had killed his wife . " At the time , police believed he was under the influence of a controlled substance or prescription medication "  based upon his speech patterns , his inability to focus and his pupils , " the affidavit says . Colorado became the first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana , allowing pot stores to open for business on January 1 . At a court hearing Wednesday , Richard Kirk was ordered held without bail on an accusation of first-degree murder . In response to questions about the incident , Denver Police Chief Robert White told reporters Thursday he had opened an internal review of why it took officers more than 12 minutes to respond , CNN affiliate KUSA reported . "  We want to know how long it took our officers from the time they were dispatched to get to that particular call , " he said . Investigators will look at the time it took operators , dispatchers and police officers to handle the call , he said . "  We are going to look at all nuances in this situation . What , if anything , went wrong from our perspective ? What we can do to mitigate instances like that in the future ? " White said , according to KUSA . A dispatcher has been placed on leave pending the investigation into the incident , the CNN affiliate reported , citing police officials . The city of Denver auditor 's office this year began studying police response times , which have grown longer in recent years , the Denver Post reported . The report is expected in June , and police have cited fewer officers and limited budgets for hiring more officers since 2008 as causes for longer response times , the newspaper reported . Kirk admitted that he killed his wife -- "  without questioning , " another police document says -- when an officer put him in the backseat of a patrol car , the probable cause document says . Lance Kirk , brother of Richard Kirk , told CNN affiliate KWGN that he was stunned to hear of the incident . "  I know that was n't Richard -- let 's just say that , " Lance Kirk told the news outlet . "  I hope there are some answers that come out about this . " Police : Motorist called 911 several times before he died in road-rage shooting CNN 's Michael Martinez , Mariano Castillo , Stefan Simons , Kara Devlin and Dottie Evans contributed to this report .	Police affidavit : Richard Kirk bought marijuana candy hours before his wife was killed Denver Police Chief Robert White says he 's opened an internal review into the response For nearly 13 minutes , Kristine Kirk spoke to a 911 operator -- until a gunshot rang out After the gunshot , an affidavit says , "  screaming stopped , " but she was "  never heard from again "
CNN  -- We 're barely 60 miles southeast of the home of China 's latest sports phenomenon , but as kickoff approaches the atmosphere in Hong Kong is , in contrast to European Champions League nights , muted at best . The city 's fans , it seems , do n't always have the stomach for 3.30 a.m. kickoffs . A mere border may separate Hong Kong from Guangdong and its flagship sports franchise , Guangzhou Evergrande FC , but the city sleeps , unaware , or uncaring , that the team from the neighboring province is playing the game of their lives . This team , which was languishing in China 's second division when property magnate Xu Jiayin bought it in 2010 , has just played current European champions Bayern Munich at the Stade d'Agadir in Morocco . There is no feeling of ownership here of the team that has surprised everyone , and captured a historic trophy in the process , as Hong Kong fans struggle to even find the FIFA Club World Cup on their dials . The fiscal situation of this Southern Chinese team is not dissimilar to that at , say , Chelsea or Manchester City , both title hopefuls in England 's overwhelmingly popular Premier League , or Ligue 1 's Paris Saint Germain , who have similarly benefited enormously from the largesse of well-to-do owners . All three have designs on Europe 's biggest prize , the Champions League . Chinese domestic football ca n't hope to match the popularity of English or Spanish football here in Hong Kong , but even so there 's been little sense of occasion tonight . If anyone was capturing hearts and minds it would have been the Bayern players , with an assured victory over the newly wealthy Chinese , with three rapid-fire goals around the half-time whistle sealing victory in a game in which Guangzhou failed to score . The result was never really in doubt -- the question was rather the severity of the mauling , but just to be on the same pitch in a competitive match , albeit as underdogs , is enough for many Mainland fans . After all , Bayern are the team of wunder-coach Pep Guardiola , formerly of storied serial winners FC Barcelona , along with players such as midfield maestro Philip Lahm and Ballon d'Or hopeful Franck Ribery . While it might have been hard to tell in Hong Kong , it has been arguably the biggest night of Guangzhou Evergrande 's short existence , eclipsing even the AFC Champion 's League victory over FC Seoul on away goals in October , a victory orchestrated by Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning coach Marcelo Lippi . China 's last success on the Asian stage came over two decades earlier -- before some of the players on the pitch were even born -- when Liaoning triumphed in the now-defunct Asian Club Championship . Xu , who runs property developer Evergrande Real Estate Group and is reportedly China 's 13th richest man , energized Chinese football when his team lifted the AFC Champions League trophy in October . And while it is nigh-on impossible to break the hegemony of the European leagues ' popularity in Asia , beating the best of Korea , Japan and Iran -- who supplied the other representatives of the semi-finals -- proved that China could compete with the best , regionally at least , and brought them to the world 's attention last night . The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly in Saturday 's quarter final to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern , whose form under Guardiola has been frighteningly good . While aspirations of beating this stellar team may be beyond the Chinese arrivistes at present , their last match showed promise . With success comes profile , and with profile , fans . "  I 'm not a fan yet , just interested , " Louis Tong says by email the day before the match . This Hong Kong-based Manchester United fan said he was planning on getting up -- or staying up -- to watch the match . "  It makes me proud to see a Chinese team playing at this level , and if they win I 'll think about starting to go up to watch their games in Guangzhou . " Prizing the loyalty of already-declared fans like Tong away from their European teams might be a hard sell for an outfit that routinely plies its trade week-in , week-out in the parochial confines of the Chinese Super League , but the team 's run of form has started to win them new admirers , like 19-year-old Yue Xu , who comes from Guangzhou but studying in Rennes , in France . "  I am not a real fan , ' " she says , also by email . "  However . maybe later I 'll be more interested -LSB- in the team -RSB- ... -LSB- the club 's -RSB- success attracts me to become a fan of it . "  Xu Jiayin is starting a long-term project -- he is setting up football schools and recruiting the best coaches . " Ahead of the game , she remains coy about predicting the result , but with an admirable optimism says , "  I believe that my team , our Chinese team will make a miracle . " But not everyone in China is convinced . Gong Lei , President of China Fanclub des FC Bayern MÃ 1/4 nchen in Beijing , tells CNN that he 's happy that Bayern played a Chinese team . "  On one hand it 's my favorite team , and on the other it 's a team from my country , " he says via a translator . "  It 's not that much of a test of my loyalty . I pay much more attention to Bayern 's games and even though Guangzhou is a Chinese team I do n't follow them so closely . "  I hope that at some point in the future a Chinese team will be able to rival a European team but for the present there 's still quite a gap in the skill level . But this is a good start , and for Chinese teams to play European teams more often is a good learning opportunity . "	Hong Kong slumbers through the Asian Champions ' crunch match against Bayern Munich Bayern wins the game 3-0 , but Guangzhou fans delight in being on the same pitch as Bayern The Chinese team beat African champions Al Ahly to set up the semifinal clash with Bayern Newly wealthy Guangzhou is making new fans across China
CNN  -- When I was a kid I used to write fan letters to the Chicago Cubs . I was young and did n't know any better . But I watched these lovable losers every day on WGN , and was captivated by their famous play-by-play announcer who seemed to get delightfully sauced by the seventh inning . He was old and silly , and I idolized the man . "  Mom , I want to be just like Harry Caray . " "  Oh , dear God . " So , I would sit at the kitchen table and write letters to the players and announcers and , yes , even upper management . I was a weird kid . Someday they 'll name a social disorder after me . Anyway , these letters were old-school pen and paper . They were simple , and completely low tech . To be honest , half the fun was waiting weeks on end for a response . This was long before the Internet , back when I actually had an attention span and the ability to form complete sentences . Those days are long gone . Thus , when news spread this week about a little boy in Houston who wrote -- yes WROTE -- an amazing letter to a Major League Baseball player , it sort of blew everyone 's mind and went viral . Here 's what happened . Back in July , young Lyle Raymond was at Minute Maid Park watching his beloved Astros take on the Seattle Mariners . Both teams had been playing terrible baseball all season , and , really , the only thing mildly interesting about this matchup was the fact that fans were actually sitting right there in the stadium as opposed to doing literally anything else with their time . Like setting themselves on fire . That said , many baseball stat nerds were also enjoying the fact that Kyle Seager of the Mariners was carrying a 15-game hitting streak . So , there was that . Eventually , in the fifth inning , the hot-handed Seager once again stepped up to the plate . Only , instead of extending the streak , he proceeded to launch his bat violently into the stands . Which was easily the most exciting thing to happen for either of these teams in quite some time . "  Diane , wake up . There 's flying wood . " Yes , it was all loads of fun . Except that the bat landed on Lyle . Fortunately , he was n't hurt . And , as an added bonus , he now held the enemy 's sword . Remember , this was the very bat that was fueling Seager 's 15-game hitting streak . Nevertheless , Lyle politely handed it back over . Of course , Seager promptly finished the game 0-4 because , clearly , just touching something or someone in Houston had plagued his bat with horrible luck . That 's what Houston does . It ruins things . Still , it was a nice gesture from the kid . But Lyle did n't stop there . Later , the little boy took a moment from his day and wrote Seager a letter . And then he put it in an envelope . And put a stamp on it . And mailed it off to Seager 's address . The United States Postal Service -- it 's a real thing . Look it up on Wikipedia after you finish Snapchatting your gonads . Eventually , his note arrived . And that 's when Seager 's wife Tweeted : Kyle just got the sweetest letter in the mail from the little boy who got hit by his bat in Houston . Julie Seager included a Twitter photo of the adorable hand-written letter which was made even more adorable by the fact that it was barely legible . Somehow , when a little kid writes like that , it 's cute . When I do it I get a restraining order from Katy Perry 's lawyer . Odd . Anyway , the letter read  with corrected spelling  : My name is Lyle Raymond . Your bat landed on me . I am OK . Thanks for giving me the thumbs up when you were on first base . I like the Astros but will cheer you on too . I gave back your bat because you had a big hitting streak with that bat . I hope you have more hits with that bat . Your fan , Lyle Behold ! The greatest human being on the planet . Really , there are two things that I love about this story . The first is that this little boy actually wrote a letter . It 's so analog ! But I 'm also inspired that Lyle displayed more class and character than what we can reasonably expect from a child . So , let this be a lesson : Take the time to express kindness with written words . And to take it an important step further , also consider writing letters  or e-mails  not just when you 've received crappy service , but ESPECIALLY when somebody has positively impacted your life or the life of others . Do n't just fire off a furious e-mail to corporate headquarters when Southwest loses your luggage . Send them a message when the gate agent goes above and beyond to make sure you get on that early flight home to catch your daughter 's flute recital . It 's going to suck . But you should probably still be there . These things matter . And expressing gratitude and genuine kindness oddly requires far more effort than mindlessly tweeting off some nastygram from the computer in your mom 's basement . Be like Lyle . It 's so analog ! Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	The bat of Kyle Seager flew into the stands at a game in Houston Lyle Raymond was hit by the bat , but returned it to Seager Raymond later wrote Seager the cutest fan letter ever
CNN  -- A fatal explosion last month in downtown Kansas City , Missouri , was caused by the accidental ignition of natural gas vapors that had accumulated inside a popular restaurant , according to a report from a joint city-federal task force issued Wednesday . An employee for a contractor laying cable hit a 2-inch gas line with an underground boring machine late on the afternoon of February 19 . The explosion occurred about an hour later , killing one person and injuring at least 15 others . At that time , authorities did not know what had caused the leaking gas to ignite , according to Rob Hack , chief operating officer of Missouri Gas Energy . Wednesday 's report -- from the Kansas City fire and police departments as well as the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives -- answers that question . After the gas line nearby was ruptured , firefighters asked employees at JJ 's restaurant "  to put the flames out on the candles , stove and hot water heater " inside , said the report . When queried after the blast by investigators , the restaurant 's manager acknowledged the initial request and said workers "  only put the candles out and turned the stove off , but did not turn out the pilot lights for the stove or hot water heater , " according to the report . The report also shed light on how one woman , a civilian , died after getting trapped when the restaurant 's roof collapsed . At one point , flames extended more than 100 feet from the building 's roof . The contractor , Heartland Midwest , did not have a permit for the excavation , Assistant City Manager Patrick Klein said days after the explosion . Authorities were alerted a short time after the gas line was hit . City firefighters responded to the scene but left a short time later after being told by the utility company that everything was under control , Mayor Sly James said . A Missouri Gas Energy employee showed up about 20 minutes after the initial call and , after some initial readings on gas-measuring devices , called for backup , Hack said . The utility 's employees then went into businesses asking people to leave and brought in excavating equipment to try to vent the pipe . But while JJ 's restaurant closed early due to a natural gas smell , hostess Deidre Estes and other employees were n't in a rush to leave , unaware of the danger they were in . Then , Estes told CNN affiliate KCTV , "  Boom ! And everything was black . "	An explosion ripped apart a Kansas City , Missouri , restaurant last month Pilot lights inside the restaurant 's kitchen ignited the gas , a new government report says The blast came after a gas line was ruptured nearby by a person laying cable One woman died after getting trapped when the restaurant 's roof collapsed
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Army Maj. Nidal Hasan challenged a witness 's account of the police shootout that ended a rampage at Fort Hood that left 13 people dead , a rare courtroom exchange from a man who has admitted to opening fire on soldiers deploying to Afghanistan and Iraq . The exchange occurred after prosecution witness Sgt. Juan Alvarado testified to seeing Hasan shoot a police officer and then shoot her again while she was down . Hasan is acting as his own attorney , defending himself against 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the November 5 , 2009 , attack . "  I do n't want to put words in your mouth . Are you saying that she was disarmed and that I continued to fire at her ? " Hasan asked . Alvarado responded : "  Yes . " "  I have no more questions , " Hasan said . For his part , Hasan has said little during the death penalty trial , other than to say he was the shooter . But on Monday , Hasan appeared to be casting doubt on Alvarado 's testimony that he shot a wounded , unarmed female police officer . The officer earlier testified that after Hasan shot her , he kicked her weapon out of her reach . Hasan has left no doubt about his role , telling a panel of 13 officers during a brief opening statement : "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter . " He 's also left little question about why he did it , repeatedly saying before the trial started that he was acting to protect Taliban leaders in Afghanistan from the U.S. military . Fast Facts : Soldier on Soldier Attacks While the military has avoided labeling Hasan a terrorist or charging him as such , prosecutors wanted to use the evidence to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " going so far as to give academic presentations in defense of suicide bombings . Hasan , who was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan , did not want to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " lead prosecutor Col. Michael Mulligan has said . The judge , Col. Tara Osborn , excluded much of the evidence that the prosecution contends goes to the heart of the motive for the attack , including e-mail communications between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S.-born cleric who officials say became a key member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . He was killed in U.S. drone strike in 2011 . Osborn ruled that the e-mails would have to be "  redacted to prevent undue prejudice by association " and would diminish its use as evidence . She also declined to allow prosecutors to use materials they maintain show Maj. Nidal Hasan 's interest in the actions of Army Sgt. Hasan Akbar , the American soldier sentenced to death for killing two soldiers and wounding more than a dozen others at the start of the Iraq war -- an attack he said he carried out to stop soldiers from killing Muslims . "  The court believes Sgt. Akbar is not on trial in this case , " Osborn said . "  It would only open the door to a mini-trial " and confuse the issue . Fort Hood victims feel betrayed Along with the e-mails and the material related to Akbar , Osborn also declined to allow the use of Hasan 's academic presentation on suicide bombings , saying "  motive is not an element of the crime . " The judge did allow prosecutors to use evidence of Hasan 's Internet searches on jihad and the Taliban in the days and hours before the attack . Just two hours before the shooting , a search of Hasan 's Acer netbook computer showed that someone had pulled up and read an article entitled "  Pakistan Taliban Chief Urges Taliban to Fight Army , " FBI Special Agent Charles Cox III , a computer forensics examiner , testified . With the prosecution expected to rest as early as Tuesday , the big question is whether Hasan will take the stand . Hasan , 42 , has previously indicated that he intends to call himself and two witnesses to the stand . If he testifies , Hasan is expected to discuss the religious justification for his actions . Much has been made about Hasan 's defense or , as his stand-by attorneys have said , the lack of it , indicating he is perhaps more eager to prove he is a martyr than to avoid a death sentence . Hasan refused to enter a plea at the outset of the court-martial after the judge barred him from pleading guilty . Under military law , defendants can not enter guilty pleas in capital punishment cases . The judge on Monday raised again concerns about Hasan acting as his own attorney after he admitted last week he did not understand that by listing someone as a witness he gave up the right of privileged communication with that person . "  Remember when I told you that I thought you would be better off with a trained lawyer ? " Osborn asked . Hasan responded : "  Repeatedly . " "  I 've advised you before and I 'm advising you again that it 's not a good policy to represent yourself . ... Do you understand that ? " Osborn said . Hasan said : "  Yes , I do . " Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions Last week , Hasan released a portion of his mental health evaluation to The New York Times . It revealed he believes that being put to death would allow him to become a martyr . "  I 'm paraplegic and could be in jail for the rest of my life . However , if I died by lethal injection I would still be a martyr , " Hasan told a military panel evaluating whether he was fit to stand trial , according to documents published by the Times . Hasan has been using a wheelchair since being shot by Fort Hood police . He is paralyzed from the chest down . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . But he had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military , saying he had been taunted by people after the September 11 terror attacks that year . In 2006 , he inquired about the possibility of filing conscientious objector status . He did not go through with it , and the judge ruled that his inquiry could not be used by prosecutors to show motive .	NEW : Nidal Hasan challenges witness who says Hasan shot officer when she was down The judge again advises Hasan not to be his own attorney Judge excludes e-mails between Nidal Hasan and a key al Qaeda member Prosecutors hope to show that Hasan had undergone a "  progressive radicalization "
CNN  -- South Korea 's $ 230 million National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art  MMCA  opened in November with a towering ambition -- become what the MoMA is to New York and the Tate is to London . The museum could n't be in a better location to attract attention -- it sits just across the street from Gyeongbokgung , Seoul 's main royal palace , and adjacent to a neighborhood that 's one of Seoul 's most popular among tourists . Other than Leeum , Samsung Museum of Art , a private art museum owned by Samsung , Seoul has no other large museum housing Korean contemporary art . All of these factors have added up to put not just the art , but the new museum itself , under intense public scrutiny . "  There 's an incredible anticipation from the art world here about which works will be shown and how the space will be used , " says Gina Lee , a museum curator in Seoul . With South Korea anxious to maintain its world-class standing amid surging development in China and other regional rivals , the pressure for global recognition is particularly intense . "  As South Korea 's only national art museum , one of our biggest missions is to showcase Korean art to the rest of the world , and to advance Korean art via various collaborations and exchanges with international institutions , " says Young-in Lee , the museum 's international affairs manager . Early controversy One of the museum 's first five showcase exhibits , Zeitgeist Korea  showing through April 27  , drew early fire from critics of the museum . The problem was n't the art itself -- the exhibit showcases modern Korean art , with 59 works by 39 Korean artists -- but the way it was selected . The Korean Fine Arts Association and other artist groups alleged favoritism -- 32 of the 39 featured artists are alums of Seoul National University 's art school , from which the exhibition 's curator and MMCA director Chung Hyung-min graduated . Chung withstood calls for her resignation , but , coming shortly after the museum 's official opening , the protests marred what museum supporters intended to be a grand celebration . A close eye Apart from a few projects sponsored by companies , including Hanjin Shipping and Hyundai Motor Co. , the MMCA is funded mostly by the national government -- yet another reason for the intense scrutiny it 's received since its very conception . Though some argue the museum has helped revitalize the neighborhood , proposals were met with numerous building restrictions , as well as protests against changes in the historic neighborhood . Since its opening , the reception from residents has been mostly positive . More than 160,000 people have visited the museum since the mid-November opening , and nearby cafes and stores teem with customers . "  It feels like there 's a new cafe or restaurant or exhibit opening here all the time now , " says Young Lee , 54 , an art collector who 's lived in the area for more than 30 years . "  The downside is , of course , the traffic . " It 's difficult to believe Seoul has n't been home to a national contemporary art museum for nearly 30 years . In 1986 , the original art museum moved from a small Seoul building to a bigger space in Gwacheon , about 10 miles south , during the 1986 Asian Games -- it 's taken nearly three decades to move back to Seoul . The primary catalyst for the new museum was former president Lee Myung Bak . During his administration in early 2009 , Lee announced the transformation of a former military site into a place where the future of Seoul culture could be celebrated . Big ambitions MMCA leaders hope to harness the star power of internationally acclaimed Korean artists to help thrust the museum into the global spotlight . "  If the museum can utilize the international attention that comes in these beginning stages , the pressure of the spotlight could be a major driving force , " said Jae Seok Kim , editor of magazines Art in Culture and Art in ASIA . This is one of the reasons a work by Do Ho Suh , perhaps the most critically acclaimed living Korean artist , was chosen as the museum 's central showpiece . Suh 's 12-meter-high "  Home Within Home Within Home Within Home Within Home " is housed in a 17-meter-high space called the Seoul Box . Transparent fabric has been shaped to resemble Suh 's first American home in Rhode Island , while the traditional Korean building  hanok  inside represents his childhood home . "  A vital institutional mission is to function as a connecting bridge between the domestic and beyond -- we will put our best effort to introduce Korean art to the world outside and vice versa , " MMCA director Chung said in a local interview . With no permanent collection , the museum is under pressure to deliver more than any other Korean contemporary art museum has ever before provided the city . "  In terms of scale , we are in line with with the MoMA and the Tate , " says Soleh Choe of the MMCA Office of Development . "  We have also signed an exhibition contract with the Tate and will continue planning exhibits in the context of the global art scene . " New space Architect Mihn Hyun Jun took an open approach to the new museum building , which spans 27,264 square meters over six floors  three above ground , three below  , using skylights and expansive windows . "  When you walk in , the first floor is meant to be a comfortable public space , " says Choe . "  Once you 're inside , you can go down to B1 and enjoy the exhibitions . " The museum opened with five inaugural exhibitions : The Aleph Project ; Connecting_Unfolding ; Zeitgeist Korea ; Birth of a Museum ; and the Site-specific Art Projects . Suh 's "  Home Within Home " is the most visible , though the most popular exhibition to date has been The Aleph Project , which combines science , art and architecture to create a decidedly technical experience . Overall , the museum has a 60:40 ratio of Korean art to international art . It remains to be seen whether the museum 's presence , or the exhibitions it brings in , will live up to the massive hype and expectations that have surrounded its opening . One thing is sure -- Koreans and art communities around the world will be paying attention to see if it does . National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art  MMCA  , 110-200 30 Samcheong-ro , Sogyeok-dong , Jongno-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 3701 9500 ; closed Mondays and January 1 ; Tuesday , Thursday , Friday , Sunday , 10 a.m.-6 p.m. ; Wednesday , Saturday , 10 a.m.-9 p.m. ; â ‚ © 7,000  $ 6.50  for all exhibitions ; see website for individual pricing . Free admission for all exhibitions from 6-9 p.m.	South Korea 's National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art opened in November The gorgeous museum has world-class ambitions Opening exhibit "  Zeitgeist Korea " drew fire from critics who alleged artists were unfairly chosen
San Diego  CNN  -- Some elections are fueled by passion . Others are guided by a sense of urgency . This one seems to be driven by ambivalence . That is where we 're at as we near Tuesday 's Iowa caucuses , the kickoff to the voting portion of the 2012 election . According to the polls in the Hawkeye State , Ron Paul and Mitt Romney are virtually tied for the lead , each with no more than a quarter of the vote . A new CNN/Time/ORC poll finds that Romney has 25 % and Paul has 22 % , with Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry each in the teens . GOP officials would like to convince Americans that they have an embarrassment of riches on their hands , but many of us can see that they 're only half right . It 's just an embarrassment . A big part of the Republicans ' problem is having a "  front-runner " who ca n't seem to get out in front . Many voters feel as if the choice has already been made for them , and they 're not having any of it . On a recent trip to Washington , I was reminded again that the inside-the-Beltway media and the Republican establishment have ordained Romney the party 's presidential nominee and all but declared that the voting is just a formality . Yet , someone forgot to tell the voters , who elevate one candidate after another from the "  anybody but Romney " pile while keeping the former Massachusetts governor trapped under a 25 % ceiling in the polls . As recently noted by The Wall Street Journal , a recent Gallup poll of Republicans put support for Romney at 24 % , and last month , his level of support floated between 22 % and 25 % . It 's hard to see how Romney could cobble together a string of second-place finishes , with a possible win in New Hampshire , and wind up as a credible contender for the general election . And even if he does somehow wind up being the nominee , it 's even harder to imagine that the more than three-fourths of Republicans who were thoroughly uninspired by him just a few months earlier would suddenly get excited enough to turn out and vote . In fact , even in this late hour , Republican thought leaders such as William Kristol , publisher of the Weekly Standard , are still suggesting that another Republican candidate could enter the race . That is not likely to happen , but the fact that some people would like it to tells us a lot about a level of dissatisfaction with the current crop of GOP prospects . The grass is n't any greener for Democrats . While they have the advantage of knowing who their nominee will be , they also have to contend with the same difficult task that the Republicans face : energizing the base to support the candidate . Many of those who voted for Barack Obama in 2008 do n't seem all that eager to give him an encore . He lost much of his support from independents early on , but he also has an enthusiasm gap developing with liberals who think the president lacks courage and caves in to Republicans too easily . According to a new poll by the Salt Lake Tribune , while most Democrats want to re-elect Obama , one in five of them are n't so sure . Just 37 % of those surveyed -- Republicans , Democrats and independents -- are certain they want to give Obama another term . And , despite all the campaigning up to this point , nearly 20 % of voters are still undecided about whom to support . To be re-elected , Obama needs to recapture the support of two groups of voters : young people and Latinos . Unfortunately for Democrats , he 's not doing a good job of inspiring either . Both groups still support Obama , and they certainly prefer him to every possible Republican alternative . The problem is the same kind of enthusiasm gap that Romney is facing with Republican voters . While 18-to-29 year-old Americans remain solidly in the Democratic camp , only 49 % of them approve of Obama 's job performance , according to a survey by the Pew Research Center . That 's a 23 point drop since February 2009 . Something similar is happening with Latino voters , many of whom are deeply disillusioned -- even wounded -- by Obama 's broken promise to fix the immigration system combined with his heavy-handed deportation policies that have resulted in the removal of more than 1.2 million people in less than three years . According to a new Ipsos-Telemundo poll , the president 's support among Latinos continues to plummet . In April 2009 , 86 % of Latinos approved of Obama 's job performance . Today , it 's only about 56 % . According to an analysis done by Ipsos , that drop suggests that , "  the disillusion among Latinos is more pronounced than among the general public . " Add all this up , and this could be an election with one of the lowest turnouts in history -- for Republicans and Democrats . Voters are sending a message that both parties need to heed : "  Do n't just tell me I need to vote for your candidate . Give me something worth voting for . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : We 're about to see the start of the voting for Election 2012 He says voters in both parties are ambivalent about the choices GOP ca n't seem to crown a front-runner ; liberals lukewarm on Obama , he says Navarrette : Many people may choose not to vote , unless candidates rise to the occasion
CNN  -- Six weeks after he was released from Taliban captivity , Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl spent his first day of regular duty working at the headquarters of U.S. Army North in Texas , the army said Tuesday . Bergdahl , like many soldiers at a new assignment , spent much of his day on Monday getting paperwork straightened out , spokesman Don Manuszewski said . The 28-year-old soldier spent five years in the hands of Taliban militants after he disappeared in Afghanistan in June 2009 . After he was released in May in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military , Bergdahl has undergone counseling and been given medical care at a hospital in San Antonio . On Monday , he began his job with a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . He will eventually be given a position commensurate with his rank of sergeant . The army spokesman has said that Bergdahl would be assigned a desk job . Bergdahl lives on base , in a two-bedroom unit in non-commissioned officers quarters . "  He 's just another soldier in the U.S. Army , " Manuszewski said . He has two soldiers who are helping him adjust to life at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio . Bergdahl venturing off base , rubbing elbows with public Bergdahl was a private first class when he was captured and the Army extended his enlistment and twice promoted him on schedule while in captivity . Manuszewski would n't say how much longer Bergdahl 's enlistment would last . The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , but it quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . Manuszewski did n't comment on the investigation . Bergdahl has yet to be interviewed by the officer investigating his case , Lt. Colonel Alayne Conway said last week . Army general to start investigating how , why Bergdahl left base	The sergeant will work at the headquarters of a unit based in San Antonio Much of his first day was spent dealing with paperwork Army spokesman would n't say how much longer Bergdahl will serve Bergdahl was captured after disappearing from his base in Afghanistan in 2009
The Kremlin sends troops across the border , and the United States and its allies cry foul . It 's happened before -- Afghanistan in 1979 , Georgia in 2008 -- and now Russian President Vladimir Putin has essentially seized military control of the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine . The move reflects the still simmering political and social upheaval from the breakup of the Soviet Union more than two decades ago . What has n't changed much are the limited options available to President Barack Obama and European powers to respond to the Kremlin 's aggression . The United States and some other countries boycotted the Moscow Olympics in 1980 , and Washington helped arm Afghan rebels against Soviet forces , who eventually went back home . In Georgia , Russia backed secessionist bids in the South Ossetia and Abkhazia regions in sovereignty disputes that remain unresolved . The United States and European Union consider the regions part of Georgia . Here is a look at possible responses to Putin 's latest move in Ukraine : Military Unless a sudden escalation causes open warfare between Ukraine and Russia , forget about any kind of U.S. or allied military response . Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday the United States was keeping its options open , but he made a point of adding that escalated military involvement would "  not serve the world well . " "  The last thing anybody wants is a military option in this kind of situation , " Kerry said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Even veteran Sen. John McCain of Arizona , a proponent of exerting U.S. influence abroad , conceded that the fight must involve diplomacy , not the military . "  There is not a military option that could be exercised now , " McCain said Monday in remarks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee 's annual conference . "  But the most powerful and biggest and strongest nation in the world should have plenty of options . " On Monday , the United States put on hold all military-to-military engagements with Russia , an official announced . "  Although the Department of Defense finds value in the military-to-military relationship with the Russian Federation we have developed over the past few years to increase transparency , build understanding , and reduce the risk of military miscalculation , we have , in light of recent events in Ukraine , put on hold all military-to-military engagements between the United States and Russia . This includes exercises , bilateral meetings , port visits and planning conferences , " said Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby . He denied reports speculating on possible ship movements in the region . "  There has been no change to our military posture in Europe or the Mediterranean ; our Navy units continue to conduct routine , previously planned operations and exercises with allies and partners in the region , " he said . John Herbst , a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine in the administration of Republican President George W. Bush , suggested one possible military response would be for NATO to agree to deploy additional forces in countries with significant Russian populations . Herbst noted on CNN that Russia used the need to protect Russian citizens and interests as a pretext for what he called "  blatant aggression " in Ukraine now and previously in Georgia . What you need to know G8 The annual summit of the world 's industrial powers is scheduled for Russian Olympic venue Sochi in June , but the United States and other members have halted planning for the gathering amid calls for Russia to be kicked out . Once known as the G7 , the group that also includes Germany , Britain , France , Italy , Japan and Canada agreed to add Russia in 1998 to reflect the changing geopolitical dynamic after the Cold War and breakup of the Soviet Union . Revoking Russia 's membership would isolate Putin diplomatically to deny him the Western acceptance he has sought . "  He will be isolated more . He wo n't look good in front of his people , " CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour said Monday . Such isolation would bolster economic isolation and sanctions -- a more effective strategy to pressure Putin . "  The G8 plus some others and all of them , every single one of them are prepared to go to the hilt in order to isolate Russia with respect to this invasion , " Kerry said Sunday on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " A divided Ukraine ? Think again Sanctions Obama said Monday the United States is examining a series of economic and diplomatic steps to "  isolate Russia . " Kerry also said foreign leaders were prepared to act as well , noting the possibilities include visa bans , asset freezes and isolation by the international community on trade and investment . Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , told CNN on Monday that "  the Achilles heel for Russia is their economy -- the ruble . " "  We have to lead and we have to rally Europe around a series of steps that would actually impact the Russians economically : sanctions against state-owned banks , " Royce said . Later Monday , a spokesman told CNN that the United States has suspended upcoming trade and investment talks with Russia . "  Due to recent events in Ukraine , we have suspended upcoming bilateral trade and investment engagement with the Government of Russia that were part of a move toward deeper commercial and trade ties , " said the U.S. trade representative spokesman , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . What 's happening ? Depends on whom you ask Diplomacy Obama had a lengthy phone call with Putin over the weekend in which the U.S. leader said his Russian counterpart violated international law by sending military forces into Crimea , according to a White House statement . "  President Obama wants to emphasize to the Russians that there are a right set of choices that can still be made to address any concerns they have about Crimea , about their citizens , but you do n't choose to invade a country in order to do that , " Kerry said on CBS . Putin has yet to make any substantive public statement about the situation , which follows the successful staging of the Winter Olympics in Sochi to bring Putin and Russia some pride in the international community . The thrust of the Russian position is that it had the right to protect the interests of Russians in eastern Ukraine . On Monday , Vice President Joe Biden called Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev to urge Russia to "  pull back its forces , support the immediate deployment of international monitors to Ukraine , and begin a meaningful political dialogue with the Ukrainian government , " the White House said . Obama outlined a similar approach to reporters later Monday , saying that should satisfy Russian concerns of protecting the rights of ethnic Russian residents and Russian citizens in Ukraine . Separately , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said the United States has scrapped plans to send a presidential delegation to the upcoming Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi . U.S. athletes still plan to compete . Politics Congress will have a say in the focus and size of a U.S. response , with calls already for a possible sanctions package . Hawkish Republicans have criticized Obama for what they called a lack of resolve that they say emboldened Putin to send troops into the Crimea region . McCain called Obama 's foreign policy "  feckless " on Monday , after House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers of Michigan said on "  Fox News Sunday " that Putin and Russia had been "  running circles around us . " Fellow GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina called for reviving plans for a NATO missile defense shield in Poland that Russia opposed . Obama told reporters on Monday that there should be "  unanimity " between Democrats and Republicans in seeking to preserve "  the principle that no country has the right to send in troops to another country unprovoked . " "  My expectation is we ought to be able to get Congress to work with us to achieve that goal , " he said , specifically calling for an economic assistance package for Ukraine to help provide stability during the crisis . Sen. Robert Menendez , who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Monday the panel was putting together legislation to provide $ 1 billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine 's economy . "  We are also consulting with the administration on possible sanctions actions against individual Russians and Ukrainians that range from visa bans and asset freezes , to the suspension of military cooperation and sales , as well as economic sanctions , " the New Jersey Democrat said . A Republican member of the committee , Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , told CNN he was urging the panel to speak with "  one voice " to "  show the Russians that this is something we are unified in . " "  It will send a much more powerful signal and hopefully get Putin to think twice , " Johnson said , adding that "  Putin needs to pay a big price here " because "  this is no time to be shrinking violets and rely on words . "	The U.S. suspends upcoming trade , investment talks with Russia , official says President Obama urges Congress to work with him on Ukraine aid GOP Rep. Royce : The best option would be economic sanctions to weaken the ruble A first step ? Boycott the G8 summit in Sochi and kick Russia out of the group
CNN  -- Anti-government protesters in Oman refused to end protests Monday , despite orders from the sultan to hire 50,000 people and pay a stipend to people who are out of work , sources in the Gulf state told CNN . Demonstrators in the town of Sohar have blocked routes to the port and the industrial zone , prompting port staff to leave work , two sources in the town said . Protesters demands include greater freedom of expression , higher salaries , a clampdown on government corruption , a new constitution , and the prosecution of security officials whose actions led to the death of demonstrators . It 's the third day of demonstrations in Oman 's second city , a key port . Oman is not a major oil producer , but a significant share of the world 's oil shipping passes through the Strait of Hormuz , along the Omani coast . Oil prices did not appear to be spiking on Monday 's Omani unrest . Witnesses did not report any clashes between security and the protesters , saying the two sides were keeping apart . There were reports of attacks on property over the weekend , but on Monday the protesters organized committees to protect buildings and handle traffic , CNN 's sources said . Fifteen young protesters submitted their demands in writing to officials Monday , with promises that the demands would passed to the sultan . There have been calls for demonstrations in the capital Muscat on Tuesday . Sultan Qaboos bin Said ordered the hiring of 50,000 citizens in the aftermath of weekend protests that left at least one person dead and 11 others injured , state-run media reported Sunday . The ruler also issued royal orders saying job-seekers who register with the Ministry of Manpower will be paid 150 rials  about U.S. $ 390  per month until they find jobs , according to the Oman News Agency . After reports of multiple deaths on Sunday , Ahmed Al Saidi , the minister of health , said there had only been one death . The protests started Saturday and were ongoing Monday , said Zamzam al Rashdi , editor-in-chief of the state-run Oman News Agency . A supermarket was burned Monday morning , she said . Sunday 's demonstration started peacefully before a couple of groups split off and started attacking a supermarket and a police station , and members from the Shura Council , al Rashdi said . One of the targeted buildings was the Walli House , where the governor who represents the sultan in Sohar lives , a witness told CNN . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Jennifer Fenton and Victoria Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : Demonstrators in Oman 's second city close routes to the port and industrial area NEW : They demand more freedom , a new constitution and prosecution of security officials Clashes were reported in the Omani industrial town of Sohar The sultan orders hiring of 50,000 people after weekend protests
Washington  CNN  -- Moments after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on a pair of same-sex marriage cases , the handful of Democrats considering running for president in 2016 stumbled over themselves in a rush of celebratory reaction , blasting out a salvo of congratulatory press releases and tweets . Rulings hailed as historic victory Voting 5-4 in each of two decisions , the justices struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act that denied federal benefits to same-sex couples and cleared the way for gays and lesbians to once again marry in California . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , whose husband signed DOMA into law in 1996 , applauded the decision . "  By overturning the Defense of Marriage Act , the court recognized that discrimination towards any group holds us all back in our efforts to form a more perfect union , " Clinton said in a joint statement with her husband , Bill Clinton . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley called the rulings "  a powerful step forward . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the opinions were "  groundbreaking . " Obama directs Cabinet to implement marriage ruling Their responses make political sense . Public opinion on same-sex marriage has shifted dramatically from the time President Clinton signed the bill into law almost 17 years ago , after the legislation was approved by overwhelming majorities in both the Republican-controlled House and Senate . In 1996 , just 27 % of Americans said gay and lesbian marriages should be recognized by law , according to CNN polling . By 2007 , the number had jumped to 40 % . Today , a majority of Americans -- 55 % -- say that marriages between gays and lesbians should be recognized as valid , with 44 % opposed . More than two-thirds of young people support same-sex marriage , a recent Pew survey found . Poll : Majority backs same-sex marriage Democrats who support same-sex marriage are now playing on increasingly friendly political turf , a circumstance that prompted a raft of Democratic senators to reverse their positions on the issue earlier this year in quick succession . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage "  The battle lines are now clearly drawn for future elections , " said Lis Smith , a Democratic consultant who advises O'Malley . "  Democrats , like the majority of Americans , support freedom and equality . Republicans embrace the stale and exclusionary policies of the past . Like immigration and women 's health in 2012 , this is an issue that will haunt the Republican Party for years to come . " Meanwhile , the court 's rulings Wednesday were met with something less than unbridled enthusiasm by the GOP political class . "  My interest in weighing in on this topic approaches zero , " said one veteran Republican working on a 2014 Senate race when asked to opine on the cases . The reason is clear enough : Republican tacticians understand that winning modern races often means surviving the obstacle course of a conservative-dominated primary before having to appeal to general election voters who , nationally , view same-sex marriage as a non-issue . Republican leaders in Washington expressed dismay at the ruling , but seemed eager to wash their hands of a polarizing national issue that , thanks to the court 's opinion on Proposition 8 , will now be considered in state capitals instead of the corridors of Capitol Hill . "  A robust national debate over marriage will continue in the public square , and it is my hope that states will define marriage as the union between one man and one woman , " said House Speaker John Boehner in a prepared statement . Opinion : Supreme Court got it wrong on gay marriage The political fight over marriage is felt most acutely , perhaps , in Iowa , where three state Supreme Court judges were removed from the bench in 2010 in a recall election after they ruled in favor of same-sex marriage in the state . Defending traditional marriage -- between one man and one woman -- has become an animating issue for Iowa 's vibrant social conservative community since that initial ruling in 2009 , and a litmus test for Republican candidates seeking their approval , either in contested primaries or in the state 's presidential caucuses . At the beginning of last year 's GOP presidential primary fight , Rick Santorum narrowly won the Iowa caucuses with the backing of a dedicated network of pastors and home-school families who rallied to his side because of his furious opposition to abortion rights and same-sex marriage . But other Republicans in Iowa say the party is consigning itself to minority status by failing to embrace the shifting opinions about marriage that Wednesday 's court ruling seemed to ratify . What happens next ? "  We ca n't afford to create a litmus test for the party , " said David Kochel , who steered Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign in Iowa and said he was pleased with the ruling . "  There are too many young people , and too many people who frankly care far more about other issues , and people in the liberty movement who simply have no problem with same sex-marriage . We have to maintain a kind of open-armed stance on this . " But Iowa Republicans seeking their party 's Senate nomination in 2014 are n't quite jumping on Kochel 's bandwagon . None of them cheered Wednesday 's decisions . The one Senate candidate who did celebrate was Bruce Braley -- the likely Democratic nominee . Sam Clovis , a suspender-wearing college professor and former talk radio host running for the Iowa seat , blasted the DOMA ruling and said it opens the door to "  polyamorous " marriages between more than two people . While Clovis acknowledged that being a modern-day opponent of same-sex marriage presents a political challenge for himself and other Republicans , he said conservatives are fed up with being attacked by the left for simply stating their principles on the matter . "  Every time you advance the notion that you are a conservative and that you believe in traditional marriage , you get hammered , " Clovis said . "  People who have strong beliefs have been silenced . You ca n't talk about it except among your own friends . " Opinion : For gays , progress stunning , fast For Republicans , the same-sex marriage rulings were something of a Rorshach test , exposing the almost timeless fault line between the party 's pragmatists and its ideologues . For figures in the party 's establishment like Kochel , the rulings were met with a sinking feeling that same-sex marriage is increasingly a settled matter for voters and a potent wedge issue that Democrats can exploit for political gain in battleground states and in national elections . Statements from the establishment wing of the party Wednesday were either risk-averse or nonexistent . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Preibus issued no comment on the ruling . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell dodged a question about it . Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan said he opposes same-sex marriage but called for "  respect , " "  civility " and "  understanding " as people work through their "  honest disagreements . " Most of the Republicans considering presidential bids in 2016 proceeded with caution , aware that their statements will likely be revisited if they ever become the party 's standard-bearer in a general election . Potential 2016 contenders take a stand on Supreme Court rulings Florida Sen. Marco Rubio issued a nearly 500-word commentary explaining his opposition to same-sex marriage . But for outspoken conservatives who tend to get rewarded in Republican primaries , the opinions were greeted with fury -- general election consequences be damned . Santorum , who is expected to make another play for the White House in 2016 , attacked the "  activist judges " on the court . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , a freshman senator who harbors obvious national ambitions , called the rulings "  a regrettable overreach against the will of the people . " These harsh denouncements had the added benefit of stoking outrage among family values conservatives around the country who contribute financially to their causes . The mood was similar among Republican candidates further down the ballot , who are running in gerrymandered House districts where winning a GOP primary is the only victory that matters -- providing little political incentive to side with gays and lesbians . Take this year 's special election in Alabama 's ruby red 1st Congressional District , where former state Sen. Bradley Byrne , a front-runner for the seat , wasted little time in hammering the court . "  I am disappointed in today 's decision , but know that Alabamians stand strong in supporting our states ' right to define marriage without intrusion from the federal government , " Byrne said . In Byrne 's hometown of Mobile , as in the rest of the South , there is less appetite for same-sex marriage than in other parts of the country . In the Northeast , 63 % of Americans favor legal rights for same-sex couples , according to a recent CNN poll . In the West , 58 % of Americans say the same . But in the Midwest , the number of people who approve of same-sex marriage is 51 % , and in the South , it 's 49 % . Those also happen to be regions where Senate Democrats find themselves in potentially difficult re-election fights -- suggesting that while opinions about marriage may buoy Democrats nationally and in swing states , the issue is more perilous for the party in places such as Louisiana , North Carolina and Arkansas , where incumbent Senate Democrats will be on the ballot next year . Map : Same-sex marriage in the U.S.	Democrats who support same-sex marriage are now playing on increasingly friendly political turf GOP leaders express dismay at ruling , but seem eager to be rid of a polarizing issue The political fight over marriage is felt most acutely , perhaps , in Iowa
CNN  -- President Barack Obama faces a terrible choice in the coming days . It is whether to kill a number of Syrians who had nothing to do with a poison-gas massacre to show President Bashar al-Assad , who presumably did have something to do with it , that using chemicals weapons violates an international norm . Few would doubt the importance of international agreements to regulate war , particularly those that safeguard the rights of citizens , such as bans on chemical weapons and torture . If al-Assad is responsible for the use of chemical weapons , he had full knowledge of the norms he was violating . By way of comparison , President George W. Bush chose a policy that allowed torture in interrogations with full knowledge that it was outlawed by agreements to which the United States was a signatory . He made a strategic choice in the face of a threat to national security . Both are abhorrent actions on the part of national leaders , both taken for fundamentally the same reasons . An attack on the Syrian military by the United States would send a message to al-Assad , but it is not clear if Obama has any strategic objective beyond that . Whether he has such a plan or not , any U.S. attack will have implications for the civil war , no matter how much Obama says otherwise . If the United States launches missiles into Syria , those cheering the loudest will be the Syrian rebels . The United States will be intervening in the Syrian civil war on behalf of the rebels . A significant amount of research , including my own , demonstrates that military interventions from outside states lengthen and make bloodier civil wars . Much of this evidence is the result of statistical modeling of all civil wars and any associated interventions . The data include roughly 1,000 interventions into 100 civil wars over the last 60 years , with research carried out by multiple research teams . The results point to patterns in what happens when states intervene to try to help their preferred actor , and the results are strong and consistent that interventions rarely work to promote peace or reduce violence . For example , my own research has shown that the likelihood of a civil war lasting for four years without an intervention is 37 % , but if there is an intervention the likelihood that it lasts for four years is 60 % . The intervention accounts for the 50 % increase in the length of the war . Longer wars are generally bloodier . Examples might include the Nicaraguan war in the 1980s , and the Syrian war up to this point . The meager support for the rebels has allowed them to push harder against the government , and whether or not we support the government , the killing and the war 's duration has only increased . It 's hard to predict exactly what will happen , of course , but once the United States bombs Syrian forces , it is possible that the rebels will take that moment to launch their own offensive , forcing the Syrian government to respond even more resolutely , greatly worsening the bloodshed . Even if a U.S. missile strike reflects inadvertent help for the rebels , history does not point to a good outcome for U.S. policy . The only pathway by which external interventions consistently make for shorter or less bloody wars is through diplomatic efforts to broker a peace agreement . The same modeling evidence suggests that the war in Angola , 1975-1991 , could have been shortened by nearly 10 years with well-timed diplomatic interventions . From this perspective , a missile strike will only move the situation further from peace . Sometimes the difficulty for warring parties to come to a negotiating table is tied up in information that is held private , the very thing that mediators can manage . So why not engage in serious diplomacy ? The United States has two stated policies , at least beyond the immediate question of punitive bombing in response to the chemical attacks . The first is to aid the Syrian opposition in its fight against the Assad regime ; the second is to help broker a negotiated settlement . The second goal makes sense ; the first is fraught with difficulties . Two aspects of the negotiated route pose a problem for the United States . First , the official U.S. policy is that al-Assad must go . Both former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of State John Kerry have made these claims . Second , the rebels have steadfastly refused to negotiate . The only policy on the table is to kill more Syrians to show the Syrian leaders that killing Syrians is wrong . In this regard , U.S. policies are inconsistent with past behavior , empirical evidence and logic . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick M. Regan .	Patrick M. Regan : Obama facing decision on striking Syria over use of chemical weapons Whatever strategic reasons , he says , Obama 's act would have implications for Syria 's civil war He says much research shows outside intervention in civil wars makes them longer and worse Regan : Statistical evidence suggests well-timed negotiations can shorten war
Okaloosa Island , Florida  CNN  -- Vacationers were the first to notice the bird fumbling in the water near this popular tourist beach last week . It bobbed and swayed differently than other birds , and did n't react when humans came dangerously close . Once it was ashore , they could see why : a light sheen of oil covered its feathers . Animal health technician Stephanie Neumann tried to rescue the Northern Gannet , but beach safety officers stopped her . Her coworkers at the Emerald Coast Wildlife Refuge already had stabilized birds and a sea turtle affected by the Gulf oil disaster , but officials wanted to know : Did she have a contract with BP ? Could she -- and the bird -- wait while they verified her organization 's status ? "  They 're trying to do their job , " Neumann said as she crouched over the motionless bird , wrapped in a white sheet and barely hidden from the stares of kids and parents . "  They have to make sure protocol is followed . " When brown clumps of tar began to wash up on the snow-white beaches around Destin last week , the mood in this sunny beach community shifted from optimistic denial to furious worry . Local ideas about how to protect the area clashed with plans from BP , state and federal agencies . Community volunteers struggling to cut through protocol cheered a decision by Okaloosa County to defy BP and the feds . They were done waiting . They 'd use their own plans . "  This is ridiculous . We 'll take the heat . We would do whatever it took to stop the oil , " said the county commission chairman , Wayne Harris . After months of wrangling with agencies responding to the spill , Harris was n't willing to stake the county 's ecology and economy only on boom that captures or absorbs oil . The commission authorized emergency management teams to add skimmers , barges and extra boom , and an air wall they hope will push the oil away . They plan to layer prevention measures in the pass that connects the Gulf to Choctawhatchee Bay , where fresh and salt water mix and dolphins play . Harris said the plan could cost up to $ 6 million per month , which he hopes will be covered by money from BP . The county developed its oil plan in the days after the disaster began to unfold , but it was plagued by miscommunications , disagreements and bureaucracy once it left local hands , Harris said . Communities along the Gulf Coast have made similar complaints . Mayors grilled a BP official about the response during a press conference earlier this month . In Magnolia Springs , Alabama , locals went outside the federal plan and risked incarceration by adding boom and barges to protect Weeks Bay . In Pointe Aux Chenes , Louisiana , Native Americans pitched in to string boom near an island where many of their ancestors are buried . Harris said some of his county 's efforts may work ; others may not . "  Doing something is better than doing nothing , " he said . On the Okaloosa Island beach , local response to the oiled Gannet was quicker , but the federal response had less red tape to work through . U.S. Fish and Wildlife workers arrived before Neumann 's status was verified , so she left their bird in their care . "  Time is essential with these guys , " she said . "  Every minute counts . " For the rest of Okaloosa County , more boom and barges were starting to appear in the water . The county commission vote was "  smart , " and sped up the state and federal response , said public safety director Dino Villani , who was quickly invited to an "  olive branch " meeting in Mobile . Most of the county 's preferred plans are moving forward , Villani said , and they 'll continue to adapt as the oil moves throughout their waters . Harris said the plans would have gone forward even without approval from BP or other government agencies . "  I 'm sure they 're cussing . I 'm sure they 're cussing us bad , " Harris said . "  If we had waited , we 'd still be waiting . Why did it take us giving an ultimatum ? " Charles Diorio , a Coast Guard commander in Mobile , said some communities decided to implement their own plans once they saw they did n't top the list of state and federal priorities , if they were on the list at all . Some just wanted to act before the mess -- and response agencies ' attention -- began to move their way . Now that oil is reaching Florida 's shores , resources are shifting there , Diorio said , and there 's a plan to meet with Okaloosa commissioners this week . "  Now is the time to make sure these relationships are still working and strong and the lines of communication are open , " he said . The commission 's vote marked a turning point for Okaloosa County residents and vacationers . Even as oil crippled fishing , tourism and ecology in Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , wishful thinkers hoped for the best around Destin , which calls itself the "  World 's Luckiest Fishing Village . " "  I 'm guilty of it . Every day something does n't happen , you walk down your beach and do n't see it , the feeling gets stronger -- until it arrives , " Okaloosa County 's beach safety division chief Tracey Vause said as he picked gummy tar balls from the sand . "  I was infuriated . It 's almost like grieving . This is the destination , white , sandy beaches . Now they 're not . " June is typically a busy month along the area known as Florida 's Emerald Coast . Beaches in Destin and Fort Walton are usually packed with families freed from school and work , and the water is crammed with boats . But when traces of oil actually arrived last week , clean-up crews were on land and familiar local fishermen wore life jackets , a tell-tale sign they were called into service for BP . Tourist rentals already were down as much as 50 percent , county officials said . Shops were quiet , service jobs were cut back and only a few umbrellas and towels were scattered across the soft sand . No oil-related illnesses or injuries had been reported as of late last week , said Cecilia Wagner , a community health worker for Okaloosa County . A health advisory warned beachgoers against swimming one day last week , but it was lifted hours later . The arrival of oil spooked residents , and made clear the conflicts between local action and BP 's response . On the boardwalk at Okaloosa Island , volunteers cleaned up after a group of campers made oil-absorbing boom from hosiery and animal hair . Boom makers Yente Sehman and Barbara Johnson said they 'd prefer boom made with renewable resources in the water around Okaloosa County 's beaches , and as oil came closer , more materials and volunteers had showed up to help their efforts . In a warehouse nearby , the pair stacked human and animal hair donations funneled through the non-profit Matter of Trust and postmarked from Missouri , Georgia , Massachusetts , Australia and China . Volunteers packed dog and alpaca hair clippings into the legs of pantyhose , then tied them off and strung them into mesh casings with plastic pieces that float in the water . Already , more than 5,000 boom were stacked inside the warehouse . County officials said they do n't want to discourage volunteers , but they are n't planning to use the animal hair boom , except as a last resort . Sehman 's phone was busy with calls from local business owners and real estate agents who wanted the boom to protect their businesses , but organizers ca n't give the boom away without county approval and a clear plan for its disposal . "  We live in paradise and everybody wants to believe it 's not going to happen to us , " Johnson said . "  It 's turning into anger and frustration . BP , local government , state government , everybody sitting around waiting for someone else to do something . We want to help , but we ca n't . " Still , the women said they wo n't stop their boom-making effort , especially as more community members notice the empty beaches studded with tar balls and look for ways to get involved . "  Once we started , no way , " Sehman said . "  I 'm very proud to live in this county at this point in time . People of this county are going to do what they want to do . "	Residents and vacationers in Okaloosa County in Florida are starting to spot tar balls and oiled wildlife on their beaches . County commissioners voted to respond to the oil spill with their own plans , regardless of whether unified command approved . Unified command sped up approval of their plans and will meet with commissioners this week .
April 1 , 2014 Could tens of thousands of wind turbines weaken hurricanes ? The theory behind the question is explored in this April first edition of CNN Student News . Also in today 's show : North Korea and South Korea exchange fire in the waters off the Korean Peninsula , a Japanese whaling program is banned , and we kick off Financial Literacy Month . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources would you consult if you were researching your cost of attendance at different colleges ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . armistice 2 . wind turbine 3 . Cost of Attendance  COA Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what year did an armistice end fighting between North Korea and South Korea ? What did North Korea do yesterday that it had not previously done ? How did South Korea respond to this action ? 2 . What is the United Nations telling Japan regarding an annual whale hunt ? Why ? What has Japan said about this program ? What forms of whale hunting are permitted ? How do some Japanese view the issue of whaling ? 3 . According to the video , what percentage of the world 's population has Internet access ? Why is Facebook turning its attention to drones and satellites ? According to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , how might people in developing countries use the Internet ? What challenges exist with connecting people who live in remote parts of the world ? Why does Facebook say that it is pursuing a strategy of "  Internet for all " ? Why do some question the company 's motives ? 4 . What are some potential benefits and downsides of the use of wind turbines ? According to a Stanford University study , how might 78,000 wind turbines off the coast of New Orleans have impacted the force of Hurricane Katrina ? 5 . What did 14-year-old Suvir Mirchandani learn about the cost of ink as he worked on his science fair project ? What is a font ? What font does the U.S. government typically use for its printing ? What change does Mirchandani suggest to save the government money ? How have some critics responded to his suggestion ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is the status of the conflict between North Korea and South Korea ? Why do you think that there has never been a peace treaty to settle this conflict ? How and when has North Korea flexed its military muscle before ? Why do you think that South Korea labels these as ` hostile ' acts ? 2 . What do you think of the suggested use of many wind turbines to reduce storm strength ? What might be some pros and cons of this approach ? 3 . What does altruistic mean ? In the video , we hear that Facebook says its motives for connecting all the world 's people to the Internet are altruistic . Why might some people agree with this rationale and others doubt it ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
In terms of online entertainment , the World Cup seemed to have it all . There was a cannibalistic Luis Suarez . Tim Howard saving ... well ... everything . Sad Brazilians . And Cristiano Ronaldo 's hair . Oh , yeah ... and the actual matches , which saw the U.S. team make an inspiring run , the powerhouse Brazilians unravel in shocking fashion and the Germans ultimately capture first prize on Sunday . The month-long spectacle also captured another prize : It 's now the biggest social event in Web history . On Facebook , Sunday 's final between Germany and Argentina alone spurred 280 million interactions by 88 million people , according to the company . That easily surpassed the former champ , last year 's Super Bowl , with its 245 million interactions . Things were similarly fast and furious on Twitter , where the match was inspiring more than 618,000 tweets per minute , a new record for the site . There were a total of 32.1 million tweets about the match . Take those numbers and tack them onto the huge online engagement the tournament had already inspired and it 's a no-brainer that Brazil 2014 enjoyed online fandom like no event before it . From June 12 to July 13 , 350 million people generated a massive 3 billion World Cup posts , comments and likes , according to Facebok . In just its first week , from June 12-18 , the tournament inspired 459 million Facebook interactions -- more than this year 's Super Bowl , the Academy Awards in March and the Sochi Winter Olympics combined . FIFA , international soccer 's ruling body , says that more than 1 billion people engaged with World Cup content through its website , social media accounts and mobile app . The official FIFA app became the biggest sports-event app ever , with 28 million downloads , 451 million Facebook users were reached by FIFA 's page and its Instagram account rocketed from 42,000 followers to nearly 1 million in 31 days . "  This has been the first truly mobile and social World Cup , " FIFA President Sepp Blatter said . "  The 1 billion attendance in the global stadium created the sense of togetherness the World Cup brings and the shared excitement that digital platforms offer . " Certainly , the global appeal of the World Cup played a huge part in the tournament 's popularity . But the big numbers were clearly being bolstered by growing interest in the United States , one of the few nations where soccer is n't , hands-down , the most popular sport . During Sunday 's final , 10.5 million of the people engaged on Facebook were from the United States . Compare that to the 7 million people in Argentina and 5 million in Germany , the match 's actual participants , and you can see that U.S. interest in the tourney did n't disappear when the American side bowed out . In the 28 days before the U.S. team lost to Belgium in the knockout round , 36.7 million U.S. fans engaged with the World Cup 's online properties , a spokesman for the organization said . That 's 11.2 % of the country 's population and accounted for 23 % of the total activity during that time . In all , 42 million U.S. fans visited FIFA Web and mobile tools during the entire tournament . As the U.S. men 's team played its way out of a tough opening-round group that included Germany , Portugal and Ghana , U.S. Web users spent a total of 847 years and 143 days engaged with FIFA content . That 's more than soccer-crazy rivals Brazil , Germany , England and France combined . "  The popularity of the World Cup in the USA shows what a nation of sports lovers and enthusiasts they are , " Blatter said . "  The carnival atmosphere experienced at the World Cup viewing parties , where fans filled whole city blocks across the U.S. , shows the passion that Jürgen Klinsmann 's side has instilled in U.S. sports fans . "	The World Cup tournament shattered social-media records Sunday 's Germany-Argentina final saw 618,000 tweets per minute Tourney 's first week outpaced Super Bowl , Oscars and Olympics FIFA says spike in U.S. popularity contributed to social dominance
CNN  -- There 's a sad irony in the fact that one of the great tests of America 's freedom of speech should involve a movie that , according to some reviewers , utterly sucks . Variety calls "  The Interview " an "  alleged satire that 's about as funny as a communist food shortage , and just as protracted . " Yet this "  comedy " about two TV guys tasked with assassinating North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un has sparked a cyberterror campaign that amounts to extortion . What is being threatened ? Well , it started with the leaking of Sony emails by online hackers , which has caused tremendous embarrassment to the company and a little humor for the rest of us . But now hackers claiming to be the "  Guardians of Peace " -- the group that said it was behind the Sony hack -- seem to have quashed not only the New York premier planned for Thursday , but caused Sony today to announce that it would cancel the film 's December 25 theatrical release . The hackers had threatened the lives of cinema-goers and those within the vicinity of theaters , and actively invoked memories of 9/11 . Is this assault on artistic license coming directly from the North Korean regime ? We do n't know . But it should never be forgotten that North Korea has financed terrorism in the past , including the bombing of passenger jets . Why would they take such offense at "  The Interview " ? Probably because it goes directly after the image of Kim . North Korea is n't your typical atheist communist dictatorship . It 's far more like the religious-nationalist regime of Japan during the Second World War , in which the leader is elevated to the status of a living god . Put it all together and it 's understandable why theaters chose to take the hackers seriously and pull the movie . Of course , it would be nice if they could take a stand for freedom of speech , but they have a wider responsibility to the physical safety of the public . The tragedy is that all this fuss is n't about something approaching a serious work of art . But aside from being trashily commercial , modern Hollywood also has a bit of a blind spot when it comes to making movies about bad people overseas . We often see evidence of greedy capitalists on Wall Street , or nasty homegrown Christians attacking gays and lesbians . But serious films about the shocking homophobia of the African continent , anti-religious persecution in China or the obvious evil of North Korea are strangely few and far between . This may well be because the marketing people calculate that something so depressing wo n't exactly be box office gold . Thus totalitarianism crops up in U.S. cinema either as fantasy  the Empire in "  Star Wars "  or as something to laugh at  "  Team America " also tackled North Korea , albeit with genuine wit  . Proof positive of the essentially cowardly nature of Hollywood is that executives reportedly screened the ending of "  The Interview " for the State Department -- and won official blessing . Perhaps this cyberterrorism will convince Hollywood that there are wicked people beyond their shores and that it is worth making far more intelligent movies about them -- movies that go beyond cartoon stereotypes of East and West and deal with the realities of authoritarianism . Until then , there are so many questions about the consequences of the recent threats : What happens if someone advertises a private screening of "  The Interview " ? If Netflix decides to make it available for home users , what would the terrorists threaten to do ? If the threats are the offspring of the regime 's fetid imagination , perhaps it reveals something about their limited understanding of how the modern world works . In the age of the Internet , you ca n't easily censor a movie or withdraw it from the public domain . And do they really expect U.S. / North Korean relations to hinge on the willingness of Washington to try ? There is something depressingly farcical about this whole story . Hopefully , it wo n't turn violent .	Timothy Stanley : Ironic that test of free speech centers around lousy movie "  The Interview " He says hackers that may be linked to N. Korea threaten lives of moviegoers -- it 's extortion He says it makes sense that theaters chose to pull movie for patrons ' safety Stanley : Incident points up that Hollywood should make serious films about totalitarianism
Fast Company  -- An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit Japan today , resulting in tsunami warnings for 20 countries , as well as California and Hawaii . Crisis mappers wasted no time responding : In under 2.5 hours Google launched its person finder application , which was also used when New Zealand 's 6.3 quake struck last month , and a local developer in Tokyo , Shu Sigashi , a member of the OpenStreetMap Foundation in Japan , quickly put up a localized Ushahidi crisis platform . Crisis mapping 's reach only goes as far as it is utilized , so the key now is getting the word out that online tools are available to help report the missing . Google 's person finder app is already rapidly increasing in usage . Within a couple hours 2,000 reports had been logged . If you type in the name , "  Yoshi , " in Google 's app , results come up that indicate whether people with that name have been reported as alive or missing . Hawaii 's Pacific Disaster Center has updated tsunami warnings and an interactive map with information on the risks present on each island . The UN satellite monitoring group that teamed up with Google and George Clooney in Sudan could also be activated at the request of the Japanese government at any moment . "  We 're on standby basically , " UNOSAT 's Lars Bromley tells Fast Company . "  The Japanese have a very good disaster satellite monitoring program run out of their space agency  JAXA  . We 'll assist if they request it . " Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit Japan today In under 2.5 hours Google launched its person-finder application Within a couple hours 2,000 reports had been logged
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A U.N. team entered Gaza on Monday to investigate possible human rights abuses by Israel and Hamas during a three-week conflict that ended January 18 . Palestinians run from an Israeli airstrike on a U.N. school in northern Gaza on January 17 . Richard Goldstone , a former Rwanda and Yugoslavia war crimes prosecutor , is leading the Human Rights Council investigation of the conflict that claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Palestinians and 13 Israelis . Goldstone and three other investigators entered Gaza via Egypt for a five-day visit . Upon crossing into the Palestinian territory , Goldstone told reporters , "  We 've come here to see . We 've come here to learn . We 've come here to talk to people in all walks of life , ordinary people , governmental people , administrative people , obviously nongovernmental organizations that are so important in this sort of situation . " The Geneva , Switzerland-based Human Rights Council established the fact-finding mission April 3 "  to investigate all violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law that might have been committed at any time in the context of the military operations that were conducted in Gaza during the period from 27 December 2008 and 18 January 2009 , whether before , during or after . " Israel launched its offensive in Gaza with the stated intent of stopping a barrage of rockets -- primarily short-range homemade Qassam rockets -- fired from the territory into southern Israel by Hamas fighters . The Israeli government is not assisting the investigators , who are not scheduled to visit Israel as part of the inquiry . Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry , said that "  there is not a chance we will cooperate with this mission " under the terms of the Human Rights Council mandate . "  The resolution was adopted by a vote of non-Democratic countries , and the democratic countries either abstained or rejected the resolution , " Palmor said . Israel has been long been a critic of the Human Rights Council , arguing that it is one-sided in its approach to the Jewish state . The Israeli military conducted an investigation of its actions in the Gaza conflict and concluded in a report released in April that it "  operated in accordance with international law . " An Israeli human rights group called that conclusion problematic since an impartial external body did not lead the investigation . The Palestinian Center for Human Rights has said that 1,417 Palestinians were killed in the fighting , of which 236 were active combatants . The Israeli military put the death toll at 1,166 and has maintained that more than half were "  Hamas terror operatives " The Hamas movement welcomed the arrival of the investigators . Fawzi Barhoum , a Hamas spokesman , said , "  We are ready to help these committees and encourage them to unveil the truth and bring out all the hidden details of what took place during the war , hoping to show the entire world the truth . " Barhoum went on to say that Israel 's lack of cooperation was evidence that it was trying to cover up crimes committed in Gaza . The U.S. State Department has labeled Hamas , a Palestinian Islamic fundamentalist organization , a terrorist group . Its military wing , Izzedine al Qassam , has admitted responsibility for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians as well as attacks against the Israeli military .	Human Rights Council enters Gaza to investigate possible abuses by Israel , Hamas Three-week conflict between the two sides ended January 18 Thirteen Israelis and more than 1,000 Palestinians were killed Israeli government is not assisting investigators
Zurich , Switzerland  CNN  -- "  Facts are stubborn things ; and whatever may be our wishes , our inclinations , or the dictates of our passion , they can not alter the state of facts and evidence . " -- John Adams , ` Argument in Defense of the Soldiers in the Boston Massacre Trials ' , December 1770 . At the heart of the maelstrom that has gripped Pakistan during the past eight weeks since I authored an opinion piece on the nuclear-armed nation 's alleged intelligence sector malfeasance against U.S. regional interests lies nothing less than the struggle to define Pakistan 's modern statehood . It is a fight between the feudal politics of Pakistan 's barons , President Asif Ali Zardari being chief among them , and the military 's dominance of its industry , security and strategic sectors . Stuck in the middle is a largely uneducated , underemployed and malnourished population that yearns for leadership -- any kind of leadership -- to guide the country forward . That struggle , hidden from the world 's view through the many years of dictatorship and moribund civilian rule , has now come out in the open as a result of my column 's disclosure of a confidential memorandum that Pakistan 's then ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , directed me to draft and deliver to Admiral Mike Mullen , then chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff . -LSB- Editor 's note : Haqqani has denied any involvement in the memo . -RSB- Inadvertent as my purpose was in disclosing the memorandum , the debate it has touched off is real and the issues being debated are finally the ones that need illumination in a country that survives on a rich diet of conspiracy theories and the adolescent antics of its political leaders . The memorandum called on Mullen to dissuade his friend , Pakistan 's army chief Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , from moving against the civilian government in the tense days that followed Operation Neptune Spear -- the U.S. Special Forces raid that killed Osama bin Laden . In return , it offered a commitment by a reconstituted civilian government , which would have added national security muscle previously belonging to the army and intelligence sectors , to do a lot of what America and its allies in the region , India and Afghanistan , have long been calling on Pakistan to do . To some in Pakistan , the memo was the product of an honorable civil servant  Haqqani  attempting to save his boss 's government from imminent demise at the hands of military men he had come to despise . To others , the memorandum 's contents were nothing short of high treason , the product of a ruthless operator 's  Zardari  directive and his cunning collaborator 's  Haqqani  compliance . The truth probably lies somewhere in between . Yet far from harming the democratic institutions Haqqani claimed to be defending when he first contacted me on that beautiful May morning , the debate over the memorandum 's who , what , when and why has had the remarkable effect of stimulating forces that make democracy real in a civilized society , not the mirage that was being peddled around the halls of Congress , Washington 's think-tank lecture circuit or the Sunday talk shows by the able ambassador . Today , nearly two months after the memorandum 's contents became known , the army remains in its barracks . The intelligence services continue to play their Patriot Games in Afghanistan while minding the store at home with an invisible hand . Zardari , who said he would address a special joint session of Parliament on "  memogate " sometime next week , had his heart condition resurface on Tuesday , sending him scurrying off to Dubai  Pakistani doctors and hospitals would n't do  for a stay of undetermined length outside the country . The Supreme Court has taken on the challenge addressed to it by a leader of an opposition political party who felt he could n't get the "  memogate " truth out of a biased Parliamentary committee . An Inquiry Commission has been formed as a result . A former cricket hero turned politician now routinely attracts tens of thousands of supporters at gathering points around the country as he tries to coerce the Arab Spring 's winds to blow further east . And the chivalrous prime minister , Yousef Raza Gilani , tells his party loyalists that he is prepared to resign if my facts are proven right and Haqqani , or worse , Zardari , are found to be the minds behind the memo . Pakistan 's press is also doing its job well -- the hacks who support Zardari , Inc. are throwing knives at me hourly while those who want to see Zardari get his comeuppance will simply not let the story go and are eagerly digging at and reporting on every facet of it . All of which means everyone -- finally -- has a stake in the outcome of an issue that could have brought serious repercussions to the country 's method of accountability and governance if the doctrine outlined in the memo had been enacted . Hmmm ... . seems to me that democracy is doing exactly what it should : Self-corrective actions with heated debate about principled issues , all within the constitutional framework and rule of law as it exists today . David Frum can call me all the names he wants -- it wo n't change the facts . It certainly will not deter me . And it wo n't help to fix what ails Pakistan . Peter Bergen can ridicule my three or four claims that turned out to be inaccurate over a five year period of being interviewed nearly four or five times a week -- it wo n't change the facts , or the accuracy with which I recorded them in this instance . The think-tank crowd and my detractors at the State Department , never ones to like private US citizens running off and doing what they only talk about or dream of being able to do , have always pilloried my efforts -- but their frustrations and jealousies wo n't change the facts . Even the White House did n't have all the facts when it issued a denial of my opinion that Pakistani officials knew about the bin Laden raid before it happened . Its fact checkers could not readily find the May 2 , 2011 story from CNN reporter Nick Paton Walsh which reported that Pakistan 's High Commissioner to the UK had said -- when asked about the bin Laden raid -- that Pakistan was "  in the know of certain things " and "  what happened happened with our consent . " -LSB- Editor 's note : Haqqani has been quoted as saying the allegation that he was informed of the raid in advance are "  reckless , baseless and false . " -RSB- I have largely ignored the attacks emanating from Haqqani 's supporters in Washington because the former ambassador ca n't speak for himself since being put on ice by Zardari in a safe house . But enough is enough . Haqqani should be offered immunity from prosecution in Pakistan and simply tell the Pakistani people the truth about what he -- and his boss -- did . He will be seen as a hero for having the guts to call a spade a spade . Rogue operations inside governments have no place in our world today . The people of Pakistan deserve better . They deserve to know the truth . And it is alone for the Pakistani people to decide whether their political leaders deserve their faith and trust after learning the truth of what has been done in their names . I did not ask to be involved in the events that gave rise to this firestorm . I too face threats and haranguing from Zardari 's supporters on a daily basis . But I had the courage to speak truth to power -- as I have done all my life -- and now I 'm going to make sure the facts of what the ambassador and those behind him asked me to do in the name of democracy are put squarely on the table for the people of Pakistan to see , judge and decide . Facts , after all , are still stubborn things . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mansoor Ijaz .	Mansoor Ijaz : My disclosure of confidential memo touched off debate in Pakistan Ijaz 's opinion piece in the Financial Times led to resignation of Pakistan 's ambassador to U.S. He says the discussion of the nature of Pakistani democracy is good for that nation Ijaz says an inquiry will bring to light the full facts of the matter
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Somali suspect in the hijacking of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama last month pleaded not guilty to 10 counts including piracy , hostage-taking , and firearms charges in U.S. District Court in New York on Thursday . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse arrived in the United States on April 21 . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse faces life in prison if convicted in any of eight of the 10 counts , according to the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York . The U.S. Navy took Muse into custody April 12 after the hijacking in the Indian Ocean . He arrived in the United States April 21 . At his arraignment Thursday , Muse stood before Judge Loretta Preska wearing navy-blue prison garb and a bright orange undershirt . The defendant appeared dejected as he listened to the proceedings through the voice of an interpreter , looking downwards at his lap and feet most of the time . The indictment charges Muse with eight counts that each could carry a maximum sentence of life in prison : piracy , possession of a machine gun while seizing a ship by force , hostage-taking , conspiracy to commit hostage-taking , possession of a machine gun during hostage-taking , kidnapping , conspiracy to commit kidnapping , and possession of a machine gun during kidnapping . The remaining two charges carry a maximum sentence of 20 years behind bars : seizing a ship by force and conspiracy to seize a ship by force . Defense attorney Phil Weinstein asked the court for time for the defense to conduct its own investigation into the case , and the judge agreed , setting the next hearing date for September 17 . Weinstein then expressed concern over Muse 's treatment under incarceration , alleging that prison officials were administering medication to him without proper consent and were denying him phone calls to his family in Somalia . Weinstein also expressed concern about Muse 's detention conditions . "  He 's been held in administrative segregation since his arrest , which means he 's detained alone for 23 out of 24 hours a day , " Weinstein told reporters gathered outside the courthouse . "  He 's unable to communicate with anyone except for us . " Muse 's defense team was joined outside the courthouse by Idd Beddel Mohamed , deputy permanent representative to Somalia 's mission to the United Nations in New York . He told reporters his government is monitoring the proceedings and working with the federal public defenders to ensure proper legal protection for Muse . "  We have full confidence in the U.S. legal system and we believe justice will be served , " Mohamed told reporters . See timeline of events that led to piracy case " There had been questions about Muse 's age , with his father in Somalia telling defense attorneys his son was only 15 . But , a U.S. magistrate judge ruled that Muse is in fact older than 18 and can be tried as an adult . Still , the defense team continues to raise questions about Muse 's exact age . They say they are working with Mohamed and other Somali officials to try to secure proper documentation of Muse 's birth date . Pirates attacked the Maersk Alabama , a cargo ship , April 8 about 350 miles off the Somali coast , according to the criminal complaint . They boarded the ship after firing gunshots , according to crew members quoted in the complaint . Muse was carrying a gun and was the first alleged pirate on the ship , the complaint said . According to the complaint , Muse fired his gun at the Maersk 's captain , Richard Phillips , and then took $ 30,000 from the ship 's safe after he forced Phillips to open it . A Maersk crew member managed to tackle Muse and tie his hands , leading to a deal with the pirates : They would leave the ship if Muse was returned to them and if they got a life boat , the complaint said . Phillips boarded the life boat with them and the ship 's crew freed Muse , who then boarded the life boat , according to the criminal complaint . Over the next three days , the life boat floated near the Maersk with the U.S. Navy 's USS Bainbridge nearby . On April 12 , Muse boarded the USS Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the other pirates in exchange for Phillips ' release . But while he was aboard , Navy SEALs , or special forces , shot and killed the three remaining pirates and freed Phillips . The criminal complaint said Muse "  conducted himself as the leader " of the pirates who allegedly took over the Maersk Alabama . Still , defense attorneys said they believe Muse will be exonerated in the end . "  The complaint says that -LSB- Muse -RSB- requested ... from the Americans to come aboard the Navy ship , and they granted him that permission , " defense attorney Fiona Doherty told reporters Thursday . "  And from there , that 's where he was trying to negotiate for the safe release of Captain Phillips . "	Indictment alleges eight counts that carry life sentence Defense granted time to conduct its own investigation Judge ruled earlier that piracy suspect will be tried as an adult Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse has been identified as leader of ship hijacking
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Tunisia has sworn in a new president , a milestone in the North African country that kicked off the dramatic year-long cry for freedom across the Arab world . He is Moncef Marzouki , a secularist elected on Monday by an Islamist-dominated parliament , the Constituent Assembly . He will fulfill a more ceremonial role as the affairs of state are handled by the prime minister . Marzouki is the founder of the center-left Congress for the Republic Party . He is well-known for his firebrand style and his opposition to the old regime . The secular party has formed a coalition with the Ettakatol and Islamist Ennahda Party . Ennahda came in first to become the largest party in Tunisia 's first democratic election since the ouster of former dictator Zine el Abidine Ben Ali . The Congress for the Republic Party party came in second in the October elections , collecting 29 out of 217 assembly seats . Marzouki was the only candidate because the nine other candidates for president did not gather the required 15 signatures from Constituent Assembly members . The new president lived in exile for the last decade . He is a human rights activist , founded the National Committee for the Defense of Prisoners of Conscience and was the head of the Tunisian League of Human Rights . The elections were historic not only in Tunisia -- which , until now , had n't had a national election since it became independent in 1956 and for 23 years was ruled by Ben Ali -- but also in the region and the world . Since Ben Ali was ousted in January -- a month after 26-year-old street vendor Muhammad Al Bouazizi set himself afire after a police officer seized his goods -- residents in several other Arab nations have similarly rallied for democratic reforms and against their leaders , a show of force called the Arab Spring .	The presidency is more of a ceremonial role Marzouki is the founder of a center-left party The new president had lived in exile The Arab Spring started in Tunisia
He does n't trust Iran , vows it wo n't get nuclear weapons , and believes past rhetoric by its leaders threatening annihilation of Israel is unacceptable and kind of insane . So why is Secretary of State John Kerry so adamant about getting time to try to negotiate an agreement that would further curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions in exchange for lifting crippling economic sanctions ? The former Senator spent 2 1/2 hours at a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Tuesday defending the international negotiations last month that brought an interim deal with Iran intended to lead to a comprehensive agreement after six months . Facing skeptical legislators from both parties , Kerry tried to assure them that he shares their mistrust of Iran while asking that they halt the drive for new sanctions for now to give negotiations , which also involve the other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany , a chance to succeed . He bristled when yet another GOP legislator , Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina , described the U.S. position as giving Iran the benefit of the doubt by not requiring the dismantling of all centrifuges needed to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons . "  I sat here and said we 're skeptical . I sat here and said they 've got to prove it , " Kerry responded , adding "  there 's no benefit of any doubt here . " His takeaway message borrowed from former President Ronald Reagan 's "  trust but verify " guideline for a weapons deal with the Soviet Union , but Kerry modified it to reflect the lack of trust in Tehran 's intentions . "  Test and verify , " he said repeatedly in describing restrictions on Iran 's program in the interim agreement , as well as the necessary monitoring and testing for a final agreement acceptable to President Barack Obama that would ensure Iran would be unable to develop nukes . A bipartisan group of Senators is working on new sanctions legislation and the House may consider a similar measure , prompted by concern that the interim agreement eased some sanctions without achieving the goal of ridding Iran of its centrifuges and other technology needed to build a nuclear bomb . However , the interim deal reached last month in Geneva prohibits new sanctions , and Kerry argued Tuesday that such a step was unnecessary at this point . "  They know that if they fail , sanctions will be increased , " Kerry said of Iran . "  We 've said it a hundred times and you all have said it a hundred times and they know you 're yearning to go do it but you do n't need to do it . It is actually gratuitous in the context of this situation because you can do it in a week if you need to when we say , ` this ai n't working , we need your help , ' and believe me we 'll be prepared to do that . " On Middle East visit , Kerry sees hope of progress for Iran , Israel After Kerry 's remarks Tuesday , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee said the panel would hold off on considering new sanctions legislation for now . The statement by Democratic Sen. Tim Johnson of South Dakota left open the possibility of Senate leaders taking up the bill without having it go through the committee . Earlier , Kerry declared that "  Iran will not acquire a nuclear weapon , " calling the stance the centerpiece of President Barack Obama 's foreign policy . The interim agreement eases some $ 7 billion in economic sanctions in return for limiting aspects of Iran 's nuclear program , Kerry told the committee . Israel opposes that deal because it allows Iran -- a longtime enemy of the Jewish state -- to continue enriching uranium needed to develop nuclear weapons . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has made clear that Israel would attack Iran 's nuclear facilities if it felt threatened , and the negotiations are considered an effort to avoid a possible military confrontation in the volatile Middle East . In Congress , legislators from both parties agree that tougher measures are needed . "  We are facing an immoral and very dangerous regime in Iran , one nearing a nuclear weapon , " Rep. Ed Royce , the House Foreign Affairs Committee 's Republican chairman , said at Tuesday 's hearing . "  I am hard pressed to understand why we 'd be letting up sanctions pressure at the very time its economy is on the ropes without getting an agreement which stops its centrifuges from spinning . " Others used more graphic language , with GOP Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama comparing Iran 's threats against Israel to Nazi Germany . "  What can you say to Israel and the rest of our allies in the Middle East to convince them that America is still a reliable ally , that America will enforce agreements with Iran or else , and that America is not ignoring history and repeating the 1930s Neville Chamberlain-like pattern of appeasement and retreat that helped trigger World War II and the death of tens of millions of people around the world ? " Brooks asked . Kerry responded by "  condemning in the strongest language possible those expressions of hate and of , you know , sheer and utter insanity , almost , asking for a country to be wiped off the face of the map . " "  That language is the most abhorrent kind of language you can find in any discourse of public life , " he said . "  It has no place in a reasonable world . It 's unacceptable , and we should never hear that kind of language again . " Iranian officials have long said the country 's nuclear intentions were peaceful . They also warned any new sanctions would scuttle the interim agreement , noting that language in the document specifies no new ones can occur . Obama said over the weekend that he would accept a peaceful nuclear program in Iran , including modest uranium enrichment . However , Royce said the key issue is whether an eventual final agreement negotiated on the world stage with Iran would permit it to "  manufacture nuclear fuel . " "  Unfortunately , the interim agreement raises some questions about this , " he said . "  My concern is that we may have bargained away our fundamental position , which is enshrined in six U.N. Security Council Resolutions -- and that fundamental agreement is that Iran should not be enriching and reprocessing . We may bargain that away for a false confidence that we can effectively check Iran 's " misuse of the nuclear weapons technologies . GOP Rep. Matt Salmon of Arizona said the Iranians "  can get all the nuclear material they need for power by purchasing it from other countries , " adding that "  they do n't need to enrich it themselves . " Kerry stopped short of declaring a final agreement with Iran would prevent any uranium enrichment capability for Tehran , saying such details must be worked out . He noted that the interim agreement reached last month requires full consensus on such matters . To legislators calling for more sanctions , Kerry said economic strictures alone had failed to prevent Iran from expanding its centrifuges in recent years as it made progress toward developing a nuclear weapon . "  The issue here is what are we going to do about it so we do n't have a sudden breakout , " he said , adding that the interim agreement is a step toward that . "  In order to weaponize , you have to have highly enriched uranium . Under the agreement , they ca n't have highly enriched uranium . " Royce , though , noted that Iran has "  a history of deceiving the international community about its nuclear program , and is pursuing a ballistic missile program in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolutions , " adding that it "  simply ca n't be trusted with enrichment technology , because verification efforts can never be foolproof . "	"  We 're skeptical , " Kerry says of Iran 's intentions A GOP legislator compares Iranian threats against Israel to Hitler Legislators question interim deal on Iran nukes Some lawmakers pushing for new round of sanctions to force Tehran 's hand
There was a time when Thursday night on NBC was truly "  must-see TV " -- and it was thanks to comedies . The lineups changed gradually over the years , but they always brought in huge ratings and trounced the competition . The golden age began in the 1980s with a lineup of classics including the top-rated "  The Cosby Show , " "  Family Ties , " "  Cheers " and "  Night Court . " The 1990s brought the debuts of "  Seinfeld " and "  Friends , " which went on to become two of the decade 's top TV sitcoms . Those days are long gone . On Friday , NBC announced a new midseason schedule completely absent of Thursday night comedies . "  Parks and Recreation , " the last of the string , is set to finish its run on Tuesdays . The new Thursday will have hit drama "  The Blacklist " as its centerpiece . The day has been on the horizon for years . After "  The Office " and "  30 Rock " ended and "  Community " was canceled , Thursday comedies began to dwindle . Shawn Pasternak , a hardcore TV watcher who posts his musings at @ShawnCP92 , said ABC and CBS have made strides on Thursdays in recent years , loosening NBC 's grip on the night . "  What was really interesting to me was what happened last season , when NBC made a concerted effort to sign NBC Must See TV Thursday alumni Sean Hayes and Michael J. Fox to very prominent sitcom deals , both of which flopped completely in the 9 p.m. hour , " he observed . It 's also a sign of changing TV viewing habits , Diane Gordon of The Surf Report said . "  Today 's viewers watch TV in entirely different ways than they did in the 1980s and 1990s and broadcast networks are hit hardest by this change , " she said . "  Many viewers , especially younger viewers , watch shows on demand via DVR and via streaming services like Hulu , Netflix and Amazon . This means there are almost no TV shows that are appointment TV like there were in the '80s and '90s . " That could have signaled the real end for NBC 's comedy legacy on Thursdays . Nows , NBC 's Monday hit drama "  The Blacklist " will make the move to that night , following a prime showcase after the Super Bowl . NBC is hoping to make a ratings dent in ABC 's Thursday night dramas , not to mention CBS ' Thursday night comedy lineup , led by "  The Big Bang Theory . " This comes in a season where many of the canceled shows have been comedies , including NBC Thursday night shows "  Bad Judge " and "  A to Z. " "  As a longtime fan of TV comedy , it 's sad to see a broadcast network make this decision , " said Gordon . "  I hope they 're not permanently abandoning the Thursday comedy lineup . "	NBC announces that Thursday comedies will be replaced by drama in the new year "  The Blacklist " will be the centerpiece of the new lineup Thursday has been the home to hit NBC comedies for over three decades
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has fired Vice Premier Qadri Jamil "  due to his absence from office without notice , " state television reported Tuesday . Jamil had carried out "  unauthorized meetings abroad without coordinating with the government , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . A senior State Department official said that U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford met Saturday with Jamil in Geneva , Switzerland . "  We meet lots of Syrians of all political backgrounds , " the official said . "  We 're not going to give a list , but we do regularly meet Syrians with direct contacts with the regime in Damascus . " He added , "  We are clear : There is no military solution for either side . There needs to be a political negotiation for a new , transitional governing body chosen by mutual consent with full executive powers . " Jamil represents the Popular Front for Change and Liberation , which is part of the "  internal opposition " formed by the government of Bashar al-Assad as part of a series of superficial measures intended to mollify its critics over the last two years . The announcement came on the same day the Syrian Arab News Agency reported that Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem met with U.N. Envoy to Syria Lakhdar Brahimi and discussed efforts to hold an international conference on Syria in Geneva . "  Minister al-Moallem affirmed that Syria will participate in the conference on the basis of the Syrian people 's exclusive right to decide upon their political future and choosing their leadership , rejecting any form of foreign interference , and having the dialogue in Geneva be between Syrians and led by Syria , " SANA reported . CNN 's Roba Alhenawi contributed to this report .	Vice Premier Qadri Jamil met with the U.S. ambassador to Syria on Saturday , official says He 's accused of having "  unauthorized meetings abroad " without government coordination Jamil represents the Popular Front for Change and Liberation
CNN  -- So much for Instagram ? Facebook on Thursday launched a photo-sharing app called Facebook Camera , which aims to make it simpler for the social network 's users to upload and browse photos on smartphones . The news comes only weeks after Facebook spent $ 1 billion on a similar photo-sharing app called Instagram . And only days after the company 's initial public offering got a lukewarm reception from Wall Street and raised the eyebrows of financial regulators . The company says the app , which will be available late Thursday for Apple iOS devices , makes Facebook photos more fun and accessible . "  When you launch the app , you 'll see a feed of just great photos from the people you care about , " the company said in a press release . "  You can swipe to see more of any album or tap to enlarge an individual photo . " The app lets users crop photos and add colorful filters . And people who use the app also can upload multiple pictures at once . "  Just select the shots you want to share by tapping the check-mark on each photo and then hit post , " Facebook 's statement says . "  You 'll have a chance to add a caption , say where you were and tag friends before you share . " The app gets generally good marks from early reviewers , who say it is much faster than the primary Facebook app and displays photos in a large , crisp fashion . But the comparisons to Instagram are confounding tech bloggers , who are trying to figure out to what degree Facebook was influenced by the company it purchased . Mike Isaac , a writer at the blog All Things D , calls the app "  Instagram redux , " since the release comes so closely on the heels of the company 's purchase of that startup . While there are key similarities between the apps , he writes , Facebook "  was most likely working on this product long before buying Instagram was ever a real possibility . " The New York Times ' Bits blog also says the similarities between the apps could be overstated . "  It might seem strange for Facebook to release a camera application with built-in filters just weeks after announcing plans to buy Instagram , the social photo app , " the Times writes . "  But Facebook Camera is aimed at a different audience . Instagram has 40 million users , while Facebook has 900 million . This leaves a large swath of people who are not on Instagram but are actively taking photos and uploading them to Facebook . The filters in Facebook Camera were developed by Facebook and are not borrowed from Instagram . " At the blog VentureBeat , Sean Ludwig writes that Facebook Camera was "  clearly influenced by it -LSB- Instagram -RSB- . Once the Instagram deal does close , we expect the lines to blur even more , " he says . Ellis Hamburger , writing for The Verge , had a more critical take : "  Had the Instagram deal never occurred , Facebook Camera would n't really be much of an Instagram competitor anyway , lacking any mobile-only social circles , hashtagged sharing around specific topics , tilt-shift , and interesting filters , for that matter , " he wrote .	Facebook launches a ` Camera ' app on Thursday The app lets users edit , filter and share photos It is being compared to Instagram , which Facebook recently purchased Bloggers say the app was developed before that $ 1 billion deal
CNN  -- Vehicles began streaming across the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge early Tuesday -- a day ahead of schedule -- after the completion of repairs to a crack in the structure 's east span . Commuters make the trek across the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge after it reopened Tuesday . Commuters began driving over the bridge around 6:40 a.m. PT  9:40 a.m. ET  , shortly after Randy Iwasaki , director of the California Department of Transportation , announced the reopening at a news conference . "  The bridge has been inspected , and it is safer than when we closed it on Friday , " Iwasaki said . Over the weekend , crews began repairing a "  significant crack " that was found on the east span of the bridge during a planned closure for another project . The target time for reopening had been early Wednesday , but crews worked nonstop overnight to repair the eyebar beam , Iwasaki said . He thanked motorists for being patient . "  I know it 's been trying . I received a few e-mail notes , " the official said . Iwasaki said some closures or detours near the bridge would remain in place a while longer , including those along northbound and southbound Interstate 880 . About 280,000 vehicles cross the landmark bridge every day , according to the department . The Bay Bridge was closed last week as part of a seismic retrofitting project that required cutting out and replacing a double-deck portion of the east span . Watch as the bridge needed big repairs " A 50-foot section of the bridge collapsed in 1989 during the Loma Prieta earthquake , prompting efforts to make it quake tolerant .	NEW : Bridge "  is safer than when we closed it on Friday , " official says California bridge closed last week for scheduled retrofitting Workers discovered "  significant crack " on east span of bridge About 280,000 vehicles travel San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge daily
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan launched an offensive against the Taliban on Saturday , the biggest military push against militants in Pakistan 's northwestern tribal region since a civilian government took power in March . A Pakistan army vehicle patrols a troubled district of South Waziristan , in the northwest of Pakistan . Army spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas said the operation occurred in the Khyber section of the tribal region , west of Peshawar , the capital of the North-West Frontier Province . And it comes as the new administration announced that it would get tough with radicals in the region . There had been reports that Peshawar was being threatened by militants . Although Abbas said the reports were exaggerated , the military determined that the conditions in the area necessitated action . Troops cleared three militant outposts and pushed the insurgents west , Abbas said . There were no immediate reports of militant resistance or any casualties . The area is not far from the Afghan-Pakistan border . The Taliban militant movement has a strong presence in the tribal region and in neighboring Afghanistan , and there also have been numerous attacks on that restive border in recent weeks . U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said this week that he hopes a newly announced Pakistani effort to clamp down on Islamic militants in its northwestern tribal districts will improve the situation in Afghanistan . "  What has happened is that as various agreements have been negotiated or were in the process of negotiation with various groups by the Pakistani government ... the pressure was taken off of these people and these groups , and they 've therefore been more free to be able to cross the border and create problems for us , " he said at the Pentagon . Meanwhile , the the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan reported that 32 militants had been killed two days ago during Afghan and coalition operations in southern Afghanistan . The fighting occurred in Uruzgan province and the report comes amid Pentagon warnings of a "  resilient insurgency " by the Taliban . Afghan and coalition forces were ambushed Thursday during a patrol . They returned fire and called in airstrikes that killed three militants . Soon after , the militants again attacked the patrol . The forces then killed 29 insurgents . "  During this engagement , insurgents attempted to disguise themselves in women 's clothing in order to escape , " the coalition said . A child and two police officers were wounded . This is the latest report of fighting across Afghanistan , where there has been an uptick in Taliban militant activities in the south , the east , and the Afghan-Pakistan border region . On Friday , a coalition service member was killed in Farah province . The death toll of U.S. and allied troops killed in Afghanistan in June has reached 40 , the highest monthly toll of the war . Also , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force were attacked in Paktika and Kunar provinces . Strikes in Kunar killed two civilians and wounded 11 others . Insurgents in both Pakistan and Afghanistan fired rockets at the Paktika base , but there were no casualties reported . A Pentagon report on security in Afghanistan underscored the tenacity of the Taliban . It said that although there has been some progress in battling the Taliban , setbacks are expected . Although NATO and Afghan force operations kept the insurgency down in 2007 by killing or capturing key leaders and clearing out Taliban safe havens , the report predicted that the Taliban would be back in 2008 .	Pakistani forces launch major offensive against Taliban fighters in Khyber region Military action is first taken by new government amid concern over threat to Peshawar 32 militants killed in clashes with coalition forces in Afghanistan , coalition says
London , England  CNN  -- A father and son have been convicted of running a "  family business " trafficking girls and women into the UK -- including one of their own relations -- to force them to become sex slaves , British police confirmed Tuesday . Marius Nejloveanu , 23 , and his father Bogdan , 51 , both from Romania , were found guilty by a Manchester court in northern England of deceiving at least five women , then aged between 15 and 23 years old , into coming to England and making them work as prostitutes in Manchester , Birmingham and on the continent . "  Each of them was identified as a potential victim either because they were young , could be isolated from their family , were low in intelligence or for some reason easily persuaded to come to the UK , " prosecuting lawyer Rachel Smith said during the trial . "  All the women were promised they would be helped to find work in the UK . All arrived in the belief they would be offered a home , support and the chance of lawful employment when they arrived . " Detective Inspector Mike Sanderson from Manchester Police told CNN : "  One of the victims in this case , when we actually rescued her ... was assessed as having the mental age of 10 years old when the fact is she is a 22 year old woman . They are just very , very vulnerable women . They are very immature . They have no adult skills . " Marius Nejloveanu was found guilty of the most serious offenses , including repeated rapes , beating one of the women with a guitar until it broke and threatening another with a knife if she did n't obey him . "  Most of them were raped by him , some were subjected to the most extreme physical and sexual violence and sexual humiliation , " prosecutor Smith said . Detective Constable Colin Ward , from the Sexual Crime Unit , said in a statement : "  It is difficult to find the words to describe the physical and sexual abuse these women have endured . "  Marius in particular spun a web of lies to encourage the women to come to the UK , whether by declaring his love for them of promising a better life . "  Instead they became prisoners forced into prostitution . If they complained in any way they would be beaten and raped by Marius . He is a very dangerous man who sees women as a commodity whose only purpose is to serve him financially and sexually . " One woman , who declined to be identified out of a sense of shame and fear of retribution , recalled how Marius Nejloveanu lured her daughter into the prostitution ring . "  She thought he would n't harm her , and look where she got , " the woman , from a small village in Romania , said . It was only when Marius and Bogdan Nejloveanu were arrested that she first realized something was wrong . "  All the time she was in England with Marius , she would laugh and say ` Mother , do n't worry , everything is all right . ' She could n't tell me more , because he was with her all the time . Finally she admitted he beat her , molested her , to make her work for them . " Sanderson explained how the father and son team generated almost $ 20,000 each month by making the five young women work for 12 hours a day . Police say the exploitation went on for more than four years . The court heard how Bogdan Nejloveanu gave his son practical help and advice so that he could set up his own prostitution business . Marius Nejloveanu 's phone calls and letters , intercepted by police and presented as evidence in the trial , showed how he even tried to keep trafficking women and prevent other victims from testifying against him , while he was awaiting trial in Manchester 's Strangeways Prison . In a letter to his cousin , Marius Nejloveanu asked him to take a girl to another relative in Spain because "  he could bring her over to England to start her on some work and that would be great . " "  Also tell her that I love her and that I want to marry her , because if you tell her I want to marry her , she 'll fall for that , " Marius Nejloveanu wrote . In separate letter written to the same girl , Marius Nejloveanu implores her to come to the UK . "  I want you to come over so I can see you because you are my only true love and I want to be with you for the rest of my life , " he said . "  Do n't listen to what people say because people are malevolent and evil and it 's because of them that I 'm in prison . I love you very much and ca n't wait to see you . " According to one police recording presented in court , Marius Nejloveanu phoned his mother from prison to ask for help in bribing two of the victims so that they would n't appear as witnesses in his case . "  If they do n't come to the trial then I can be freed , " he told her in a phone call from prison . "  Tell them you give them work , tell them you give them 10 million to stay at your place . Yes . By Monday we need to know for sure ! Ok Mummy ? " Police told CNN they began investigating the Nejloveanus after a social worker became concerned for the welfare of one of the women working at the Shangri-La massage parlor in October 2008 . Brought to England on the promise of cleaning work , that woman testified that Marius and Bogdan Nejloveanu told her she had to pay off a $ 3,000 travel debt by sleeping with strangers for as little as $ 15 . "  We rescued two young ladies who were being exploited and it took several days to actually get them to tell us about the horrible experiences , " Sanderson told CNN . "  And what we found was that there were three other girls who were from the same sort of brothels who were basically exploiting them . "  The three girls were arrested , we tried to speak to them but unfortunately they did n't want to speak to us and in this case they ended up getting charged with offenses , " Sanderson added . "  At the end of the day it turned out that the three girls were doing what they were doing because of the oppression by Marius and Bogdan . " Juanita Huntington , who acted as a "  receptionist " at the brothels admitted five counts of controlling prostitution for gain , according to police . She would give the money the girls earned to Marius and report back to him if any did not do as requested by clients . If this happened they would be beaten . All three are due to be sentenced on Wednesday , January 26 . -- CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Court : Father , son deceived women into coming to England , made them work as prostitutes Court heard how Bogdan Nejloveanu helped his son set up his own prostitution business Police : Marius and Bogdan Nejloveanu generated almost $ 20,000 each month Police began investigating the Nejloveanus after a social worker became concerned
CNN  -- In the mid-1970s , Gloria Estefan was studying psychology , international law and French at the University of Miami and singing with a local band on the side . She was planning to head to the Sorbonne to further her studies . But then Emilio Estefan swept her off her feet , and their band , the Miami Sound Machine , would soon sweep the nation with its Conga beat . Estefan never made it to the Sorbonne , but she launched an enduring musical career that has made her into a beloved international artist . Thirty-five years later , she remains married to that first and only boyfriend . And the seven-time Grammy winner has now released "  The Standards , " an album of classic American tunes with a Gloria Estefan twist . It opens with "  Good Morning Heartache , " and moves on to songs like "  They Ca n't Take That Away From Me , " "  What A Difference A Day Makes , " "  Eu Sei Que Vou Te Amar " and "  Young at Heart . " The album , she said , brings her career back to some of those first shaky steps onto the national stage . "  It 's such a natural thing for me , something that I wanted to do so long and 25 years ago when I danced the conga on ` The Tonight Show . ' I sang ` Good Morning Heartache ' with my piano player as a second song and this is like full circle , " Estefan said . "  That 's why it starts the record . " Fans know her dance hits like "  Conga , " "  Hotel Nacional , " "  Wepa " and "  Rhythm is Gon na Get You . " But there 's something about the ballads -- "  Coming out of the Dark " , "  Higher " -- that make the heart ache . Behind the big voice , the singer says she 's a mom who 's missing her daughter , who just left for college . She describes herself as analytical , "  a klutz , " a boater with a captain 's license , a cook of "  killer pancakes , " a great eyebrow plucker and the go-to diagnoser of maladies for her friends . "  I 'm sure I was a doctor in some other life , because I 'm a good diagnostician . I listen and they call me and go ` Hey this happened , what do you think ? What should I take ? ' " she said . " I 'm pretty spot-on on all that stuff . Dr. Glo -- the doctor is in . " She says she 's still a student -- a woman who learns and evolves with every new phase in life . In this edited conversation , Estefan tells CNN about why she made this album now , and about the life-threatening accident that helped to shape who she is . CNN : What can you tell your fans about why you did this new album ? Estefan : I love this project -- it 's very close to my heart because it was music that really started inspiring me in so many ways when I was a kid . I was a kid  who loved music  , so I sang since I talked . When I was watching Andy Williams and Dean Martin  and Frank Sinatra  as a little girl , I was really listening to the music . So this ... is what really led the way for me to do my ballads , and to write the music that I wrote . Because most of the stuff I 've done really is the ballads . It came from  the heart  . CNN : So it sounds like this emotional journey through your life . Estefan : It is very much so . "  What A Difference A Day Makes " is the first song I sang with Miami Latin Boys on October 25 of 1975 , my first professional gig . And we did it in disco , because Viola Wills had just put out that version and it was killer and disco was superhot . But I chose that song for that reason . CNN : You were severely injured when your tour bus was involved in an accident in 1990 , and you performed an emotional tribute at the American Music Awards in 1991 . How would you describe who you were before and who you were after the accident ? Estefan : I 'm the same person before and after , but I got to tell you , first of all my knees were knocking that day and I thought , ` People are still going to think I 'm still paralyzed and I really ca n't walk ! ' What 's different is this : I 'm very clear on the power of prayer and that fact that it is an energy that connects us . A good thought , not in a religious way , but just in  an  energy way . When you put out good thoughts and good feelings to other human beings , it gets there , and it really does affect you . And I internalized it and it was part of my recuperation . So , I learned that . I learned about a lot of discipline that I did n't know that I had . Patience . Incredible amounts of patience I had to learn . And although I am that way , it grew exponentially . I learned to be a lot more expressive . It made my music more expressive because I realized that could have been it . I was very close to biting it at 32 years old . So I made it a point to really tell people how I feel about them and express -- if I love them , I tell them . My music became a lot more expressive , my way of emoting , 'cause music has always been my way of emoting ... I just let go . I let go a lot . The reason I said that this album could n't have been made before is because , even beyond that , everything I 've experienced until now , I feel so good in my own skin and I 'm so much more open and free and just able to let go of a million things that help when you 're doing something like these songs . CNN : So how does the diagnostician part of your identity reflect itself in this current album ? Estefan : Well , maybe because I 'm a control freak in certain things when it comes to work ! This is my first production top to bottom , it 's been my baby , everything from the idea , the picking of the songs , even the cover , all the photos . CNN : You and your husband , Emilio , have spoken candidly about the political situation in Cuba and your pride in your Cuban-American roots . What are your thoughts on who you are as a Cuban-American woman now , versus when you began ? Estefan : I think it 's important that we maintain our culture -- all of us , not just Hispanics . You 're only stronger if you really know where you came from and you have so much to offer . If  my parents had not kept alive  our Cuban heritage  , our music would n't have been the same . What we did never would have come to fruition because it would n't have occurred to us to have that vocabulary . That became what made us stand out in the '80s : that "  Conga , " "  Rhythm is Gon na Get You . " Because we were raised on this stuff . I think it 's important to know your roots and to keep them . It only enriches us as human beings , and makes us stronger and better . And you know , little by little , everyone will be more accepting .	Gloria Estefan 's new album "  The Standards " was released September 10 Estefan shares why she wanted to do an album of classic American songs The singer reveals what she learned after a life-threatening accident
CNN  -- AOL has agreed to purchase The Huffington Post for $ 315 million , the two entities announced in a joint news release Monday . "  As part of the transaction , Arianna Huffington , The Huffington Post 's co-founder and editor-in-chief , will be named president and editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post Media Group , which will include all Huffington Post and AOL content , " the statement said . The new group will have a combined 117 million unique visitors a month in the United States and 270 million around the world , according to the release , which cited December 2010 data from the marketing research company comScore . "  Our readers will still be able to come to the Huffington Post at the same URL , and find all the same content they 've grown to love , plus a lot more -- more local , more tech , more entertainment , more finance , and lots more video , " Huffington said in the statement . The boards of directors of each company and shareholders of The Huffington Post have approved the transaction , but the proposed transaction is subject to customary closing conditions , including receipt of government approvals , the two groups said . The transaction is expected to close in the late first - or early second-quarter of this year , according to the statement .	Statement : Arianna Huffington will be named president of The Huffington Post Media Group The new group will include all Huffington Post and AOL content The group is expected to have a combined 270 million unique visitors worldwide
BLUE BELL , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Janice McFadden 's story hardly stands out . Applications for tuition-free courses have flooded in at Montgomery County Community College . The Pennsylvania woman was laid off in November after working at the same company for nearly 20 years . Now , as she looks for a job , McFadden worries about losing her home and uprooting her 8-year-old daughter . But when McFadden talks about the future , she has found some cause for hope . In January , the 43-year-old enrolled in the tuition assistance program at Montgomery County Community College in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania . The program offers county residents who have been laid off since September 2008 the opportunity to take 12 college credits -- usually four courses -- for free . McFadden said the program will allow her to reassess her options while she improves her marketability and salary potential . "  I have all of the capabilities , but I do n't have that piece of paper , which is a requirement for a lot of jobs , " said McFadden , who is taking night courses in economics and English composition . "  I never thought that I would go back to school , all this time , and I 'm glad I did . " She is one of more than 1,100 Pennsylvanians taking tuition-free community college courses as they search for a job . Many are concentrating on new job skills , such as computer programming and accounting , to retrofit their résumés so they can compete in a turbulent job market . "  The response was incredible , " said MCCC President Karen Stout . "  The day after we announced the program , our call center lines were clogged up . We had more than 300 calls in the first two or three days , and we had information sessions that had standing-room-only attendance . " It 's a trend echoed at community colleges across the country . George Boggs , president of the American Association of Community Colleges , said he has heard from 75 college presidents reporting double-digit enrollment increases this semester . "  Community colleges are a big part of the solution to this economic downturn , " Boggs said . "  We are the institutions that are on the ground bringing these individuals into our institutions and preparing them for a new career . " Boggs pointed to programs in hard-hit industrial manufacturing states , such as Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania , as being particularly geared toward mid-career students . Many community colleges have cut or frozen tuition for laid-off workers , established scholarship programs or offered financial assistance to pay for textbooks and transportation costs . However , the spike in applications has put a burden on some schools that already are struggling to keep tuition low and upgrade their facilities . "  Many -LSB- community colleges -RSB- are reporting that it is the highest-ever enrollment that they have had , " Boggs said . "  And several are reporting a waiting list of students that they can not accommodate . "  It would n't surprise me to hear that about a half-million students are being turned away from our community colleges today . " At MCCC , enrollment is up 10 percent since spring 2008 . But the school has been able to place the new students in courses that are n't at capacity . "  We are worried about our bottom line , especially in this economic environment , " MCCC President Stout said . "  But we do have classes that are scheduled to go that have open seats . So basically , these were empty seats that we 're filling with unemployed workers . " If unemployment continues to rise -- in Pennsylvania the jobless rate is 6.7 percent -- Stout wants to continue offering tuition-free classes . And even once these mid-career students get back on their feet , she 's hoping to see them around campus still . "  Our goal is that these students want to come back and be lifelong learners -- that they understand that in today 's economy , you have to continue to keep your job skills relevant and up to date , " Stout said . "  None of us can be complacent about our own learning . " Her plan may be working . Much to Janice McFadden 's surprise , she has discovered she loves being a student . "  I 'm looking at it as a wide-open possibility for me . I do n't have to stay in the same field that I was in , I can go back to school ... I can be anybody that I want to be now , " McFadden said . "  I just have to pick what I really like , what I 'm good at , and concentrate on that . "	Many community colleges have cut or frozen tuition for laid-off workers Scholarships and other forms of financial assistance have been made available Applications spike has burdened some schools with already strained resources Goal is to support lifelong learning , says Pennsylvania community college president
CNN  -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial , according to court documents unsealed by a Utah judge on Tuesday . Sect leader Warren Jeffs arrives in court to hear the verdict against him September 25 in St. George , Utah . Jeffs , the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape . The documents , released by Fifth District Judge James Shumate at the request of the media , also indicate that Jeffs confessed to "  immorality " with a "  sister " and a daughter more than 30 years ago . Among the documents is a competency report on Jeffs completed in April , in which social worker Eric Nielsen wrote that throughout the month of January , Jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours . On January 28 , the report said , he attempted to hang himself in his cell . In the days following the suicide attempt , while he was on suicide watch , Jeffs on separate occasions threw himself against the wall and banged his head on the wall . Jail transcripts show that Jeffs ' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother , Nephi , in which he said , "  I am not the prophet . I never was the prophet , and I have been deceived by the powers of evil ... I ask for everyone 's forgiveness . " Jeffs also told his brother : "  Farewell forever . " The day before that , Jeffs told a follower in a phone conversation that he was "  covered with immorality with a sister and a daughter when I was younger . " In the FLDS , members call adult women "  sister , " and Jeffs ' meaning was unclear . Jeffs ' defense attorneys , who argued against the release of the documents , said in a motion opposing the unsealing of the statements that Jeffs recanted them the following month . Defense attorneys claim Jeffs ' medical condition influenced his state of mind when the statements were made . They presented Shumate with a letter from another Jeffs attorney , arguing that the statements ' release could influence an Arizona jury when Jeffs stands trial in that state . Jeffs , 51 , was convicted in September of being an accomplice to rape . He was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marriage to her 19-year-old cousin . He faces a sentence of up to life in prison when he is sentenced November 20 . The FLDS -- which is not affiliated with the mainstream Mormon church -- is based in the side-by-side border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Jeffs , a former school headmaster , is the son of the sect 's previous president and "  prophet , " Rulon Jeffs , who died in 2002 . Jeffs was on the FBI 's 10 most wanted fugitives list when he was arrested in August 2006 outside Las Vegas , Nevada . Critics say that inside the FLDS , marriages are arranged for girls as young as 13 , and competition for brides may be reduced by exiling male teens and young men . If male followers are excommunicated , critics claim , wives and children can be reassigned . During Jeffs ' trial , defense attorneys claimed authorities were persecuting Jeffs because of his religious beliefs , including practicing polygamy as the way to heaven . If Jeffs disavowed being the prophet of the FLDS , it could cause upheaval within the secretive sect . However , two of his followers who spoke to CNN -- although FLDS members usually do not talk to reporters -- said they do not believe he made the statements . "  He is a perfectly priestly man , " said a woman who identified herself as Cathy . "  He is a man of God , and we will always love him . Once a prophet , always a prophet . " Her husband , Patrick , told CNN , "  It 's hogwash . I do n't believe it ... I will always consider him my prophet . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	Documents say after suicide attempt , Jeffs repeatedly banged head on cell wall Transcripts say Jeffs confessed to "  immorality , " said he is not "  the prophet " Jeffs ' attorneys say he has recanted statements Jeffs due to be sentenced November 20 on accomplice to rape charge
CNN  -- Ralph C. Wilson Jr. -- the founder and longtime beloved owner of the Buffalo Bills , not to mention a leading figure in the NFL 's rise to prominence -- has died , his team announced Tuesday . He was 95 . Upon forming the Bills in 1959 , Wilson became one of the co-founders of the American Football League . A few years later , he was key to negotiations with leaders of the rival National Football League that paved the way for today 's immensely popular and profitable professional football league . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell called him "  a driving force in developing pro football . " Those efforts and his stewardship of the Buffalo franchise -- including overseeing its run of four straight Super Bowl appearances and keeping it in western New York -- helped earn Wilson entry in 2009 in the Pro Football Hall of Fame . "  He was bigger than life in many ways and yet he was the everyday man , driving his Ford Taurus to the local store and greeting everyone as they called out ` Hi , Ralph ! ' " Russ Brandon , the Bills CEO and president , said in a statement . "  He will be greatly missed by those in our community whose lives he touched . " The Columbus , Ohio-born Wilson served in the South Pacific during World War II . After returning to the United States , he got into pro football first by buying a minority share in the Detroit Lions and then staking his claim to the Bills franchise . And his new team found almost immediate success , including AFC championships in 1964 and 1965 . It took the Bills longer to make history in the newly reincarnated NFL . But for four straight seasons in the early 1990s , the team was the class of the AFC thanks to players like Jim Kelly , Thurman Thomas and Bruce Smith . Still , while the Bills notched the second-most wins of any club in the 1990s , they never broke through with a Super Bowl win . Wilson remained a presence in Buffalo for many years , including lending his name to the Bills ' home stadium . He gave up control of the organization on January 1 , 2013 . On Tuesday , the man who took the reins lamented the loss of "  our founder , our mentor , our friend . " "  For those of us fortunate to have worked for him , we 'll miss his kindness , his insight , his leadership , but mostly his sense of humor , " Brandon said . "  He possessed the unique ability to turn a negative into a positive . " Bills players past and present responded with sorrow and tributes to news of Wilson 's passing . Andre Reed , a standout wide receiver on those Super Bowl teams who was recently picked for the Hall of Fame , tweeted that Wilson was a " #GreatOwner #Fatherfigure . " Current Bills offensive lineman Eric Wood wrote : "  Rest in peace to a great man . "	NEW : Andre Reed calls Wilson a father figure ; current player says he was a "  great man " Ralph Wilson was a co-founder of the American Football League He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2009 Bills CEO : "  We have lost our founder , our mentor , our friend "
CNN  -- After four nights of rioting , the Anaheim was calm Wednesday night as federal authorities agreed to examine police shootings in the city , including one Saturday that sparked the protests . "  We are aware of the concerns in the city of Anaheim and will review the recent incidents to determine whether a federal civil rights inquiry is warranted , " said spokeswoman Laura Eimiller with the FBI 's Los Angeles field office . No inquiry has been opened yet , she said . Police shot and killed two men in Anaheim over the weekend , but it was Saturday afternoon 's shooting of Manuel Diaz , 25 , whom police described as a gang member , that sparked an immediate angry reaction from bystanders . Days of raucous protest and confrontations with police followed . Police and an attorney for the Diaz family have both said that he was unarmed at the time of the shooting , though police say he was throwing objects at the officers . The second shooting occurred Sunday , after a man officers were pursuing in a car theft case allegedly opened fire on police . They returned fire , killing him . Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait said Wednesday that he asked the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles to investigate both shootings , but said violent protests "  will simply not be tolerated in our city . " "  When the investigations are concluded , we will have a clear and complete understanding of these incidents , " Tait said . "  At that time , we will have additional public dialogue about any actions that need to be taken . ... We will not , however , accept any violent protests , vandalism or arson perpetrated under the guise of public protest . " On Tuesday , demonstrators disrupted a city council 's meeting at the Anaheim City Hall , less than a mile and a half north of Disneyland , the city 's most famous tourist attraction . Eyewitness video : Rioters clash with police Protesters blocked access to the building , forcing a delay in the session as police moved to clear emergency exits , Police Chief John Welter said . The protest moved to downtown streets , where demonstrators blocked a major intersection and refused to move , Welter said . "  After allowing the crowd to protest for a couple of hours , the violence escalated to the point where an unlawful assembly was declared and the streets were then cleared of protesters , " he said . Welter said officers made 24 arrests . Anaheim Police Sgt. Bob Dunn told CNN 's "  Newsroom " that once the protest was broken up , "  the crowds kind of moved around , sometimes fighting between each other , breaking windows and lighting fires and trash cans . " Also Tuesday , the Diaz family filed a civil rights and wrongful death lawsuit against the city and the police department seeking $ 50 million in damages . The family cites witnesses who say Diaz was talking with two friends around 4 p.m. Saturday when a police car drove up with lights on "  and an intent to confront the young men . " Diaz responded "  instinctively when he saw people chasing him and began to run , " they say in the suit . The suit , filed in state court , says police shot the unarmed Diaz in the back and that when he fell , they shot him in the head and killed him . "  There is a racial and economic component to this shooting , " said Dana Douglas , an attorney for the family . "  Police do n't roust white kids in affluent neighborhoods who are just having a conversation . And those kids have no reason to fear police . But young men with brown skin in poor neighborhoods do . They are targeted by police , and something as simple as a friendly conversation is deemed ` suspicious activity ' by police . " Cell phone video taken at the scene of the incident and posted to YouTube showed police ordering bystanders to back away from the man lying face down on a lawn before they cordoned off the area with yellow police tape . Dozens of people surrounded the police officers ; some threw objects at them and rolled a burning trash bin in their direction , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . Police responded with rubber bullets and pepper spray . One demonstrator showed the television news station bruises she said she got from rubber bullets fired at the crowd . The next day , protesters jammed the police department to complain about shootings involving police officers . But later the same night -- in a separate incident -- police shot and killed a second man , whom they also considered a gang member , when he allegedly fired at police , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Monday , hundreds held a vigil for Diaz , chanting in Spanish , according to KTLA . Dunn , the police sargeant said , said the Diaz shooting took place when officers in the "  high-crime gang neighborhood " attempted to stop three men , who ran off . "  It was during that foot pursuit that the officer-involved shooting occurred , " he said . "  The circumstances surrounding that shooting are under investigation by the district 's attorney . Police in Anaheim were involved in six shootings in 2012 , all but one of which were fatal , according to KTLA .	The FBI will review the shootings to assess whether a civil rights inquiry is warranted Two men are shot over the weekend , but it was Manuel Diaz ' killing that sparks protests Diaz ' family files a $ 50 million lawsuit , saying he committed no crime Anaheim police arrest 24 after Tuesday night 's protest
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi leaders are applauding President Obama 's plan to withdraw most U.S. troops from the country by August 2010 . U.S. troops will cede security measures to Iraqi security forces including the police , shown here , and the army . Iraq 's Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi 's office released a statement Saturday saying he received a call from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informing him of Obama 's announcement of the withdrawal . "  Mr. al-Hashimi welcomed the American administration 's commitment to withdrawing its troops from Iraq according to the agreed-on schedule and stressed that every possible effort should be exerted to increase the readiness of Iraqi security forces and improve their performance , " the statement said . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said Obama called him to tell him about the plan Friday . The prime minister said Iraqi security forces have proven their ability to provide security across Iraq "  which qualifies them to take over full security responsibilities from American forces . " Obama said Friday he plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 . Watch Obama say "  Our combat mission will end " " Between 35,000 and 50,000 troops will remain to help execute a drawdown plan under which all U.S. forces will be out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 . That was a deadline set under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year . "  Let me say this as plainly as I can : By August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end , " Obama said in a speech at the Marine Corps ' Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Meanwhile , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani visited neighboring Iran , where the supreme leader warned him that the United States is planning a prolonged stay in Iraq . "  Occupying military forces are laying the groundwork for a long-lasting stay in Iraq , and that is a great danger , " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Talabani on Saturday , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . "  Occupying military forces should leave Iraq as soon as possible , " Khamenei said , according to IRNA . "  Every day their exit is delayed will be a detriment to the Iraqi nation . " On Friday , Talabani met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who described Tehran 's ties with Iraq as "  growing and deep , " according to IRNA . The two leaders vowed to expand their political , cultural and security relationships .	Sunni vice president supports withdrawal of most troops by end of August 2010 Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki says Iraqi security forces are qualified to take over Obama said up to 50,000 support troops will remain till December 31 , 2011
CNN  -- Occupants of three trucks were working together in northern Mexico trying to pull over a vehicle carrying an American missionary before one of them shot the woman in the head , police said Thursday . An autopsy detailed Thursday indicated that Nancy Davis , 59 , died a day earlier from a single gunshot wound to the back of her head , according to a statement from Pharr , Texas , Police Chief Ruben Villescas , who is working with U.S. and Mexican authorities on the case . Earlier , police said that Davis and her husband were traveling in a truck on a Mexican highway near the city of San Fernando , Mexico , when they were confronted by gunmen in a black pickup . San Fernando is south of the border city of Reynosa in Tamaulipas state . On Thursday , Villescas added that the husband -- identified as Sam Davis by family friends -- told authorities "  the men in the black truck were working with two light-colored trucks that paralleled them  and were  trying to pull them over , " the Pharr police statement said . "  The gunmen were attempting to stop them and the victims accelerated in efforts of getting away from them , " according to the earlier statement . "  At a certain point the gunmen discharged a weapon at the victim 's vehicle and a bullet struck the victim Nancy Shuman Davis on the head . " While noting they have not established a motive in this shooting , police pointed to past reports of "  criminal organizations operating on Mexican roads ... targeting 4-door pickup trucks and ... SUVs . " Villescas said that authorities do n't know which criminal group , if any , is responsible for Davis ' murder . In Wednesday 's incident , at least one other gunshot hit the victim 's vehicle , which is now in the custody of Pharr police . After Davis was hit , her husband drove their truck "  at high rate of speed " to the Pharr International Bridge , which crosses the Rio Grande . Nancy Davis was taken to a hospital in nearby McAllen , where she was pronounced dead about 90 minutes later . The Texas Department of Public Safety , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the FBI and U.S. Customs and Border Protection are also assisting , police said . The Mexican Interior Ministry said it , too , was investigating "  for the purpose of clarifying the facts and act accordingly to punish the person or persons responsible . " Merton Rundell , a professor in the missions department at Indiana 's Union Bible College & Academy and a family friend , told CNN the couple had lived in Mexico since the 1970s and worked with the Gospel Proclaimers mission in Mexico . Maryanne Wheeler , another friend who worked with the Davises in the 1990s , said Nancy Davis ' death was a great loss . "  They breathed Mexico , " Wheeler said . "  That 's their love . "  For 40 years she has gone around Mexico , trying to be there as a nurse , a friend , as a spiritual adviser and has loved them . They lost the best , " she said . "  They had a petite lady who had the tenacity of a bulldog and was there for you . " Wheeler said the couple had been shot at before and knew the dangers of the border area . CNN 's Sara Pratley , Anna Gonzalez and Nick Valencia and CNN Mexico 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report	A U.S. missionary died in northern Mexico of one gunshot to the head , an autopsy reveals Gunmen in a black pickup were working with others in two other trucks , police say Nancy Davis and her husband had lived in Mexico since 1970s as missionaries "  They breathed Mexico . That 's their love , " a friend said of the couple
Rolling Stone  -- Eminem revealed that he has started work on his next solo record during an interview with Hot 97 's Peter Rosenberg this morning . "  I 'm kinda getting into my next record a little bit , " the Detroit rapper said . The album will be his first solo record since 2010 's "  Recovery , " and the new record will be the followup to "  Hell The Sequel , " the debut from his collaborative project with Royce da 5 ' 9 " , Bad Meets Evil . That 's not all Eminem is working on : He 's completing work on a new album from the hip-hop supergroup Slaughterhouse , he said . Their Shady Records debut is out June 12th . Back in April , the four members of Slaughterhouse -- Royce da 5 ' 9 " , Joe Budden , Joell Ortiz and Crooked I -- spoke with Rolling Stone about the new record , "  Welcome To : Our House , " and Eminem 's contribution as executive producer . "  He 'll come in and say ` Maybe change a line here , change a verse there , maybe move this around , let me add an instrument here , ' " said Royce . "  That 's just what an executive producer does ... From day one , Marshall was hands-on . " During his chat with Rosenberg , Eminem also confirmed that Slaughterhouse will play Hot 97 's Summer Jam , which takes place June 3 at MetLife Stadium . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  I 'm kinda getting into my next record a little bit , " Eminem said The album will be his first solo record since 2010 's "  Recovery " Eminem also confirmed that Slaughterhouse will play Hot 97 's Summer Jam
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Cape Town 's archbishop led Nelson Mandela 's family in prayer on Tuesday , calling for "  a quiet night and a peaceful , perfect , end " for the former South African president . Archbishop Thabo Makgoba prayed with Mandela 's family at the Pretoria hospital where the anti-apartheid icon remains in critical condition , the South African Press Association reported . "  Fill them with your holy courage and the gift of trusting faith , and take away their fears so that they may dare to face their grief , " he said , according to a copy of the prayer posted on the bishop 's website . "  Guide the medical staff so that they may know how to use their skills wisely and well , in caring for Madiba and keeping him comfortable , " Makgoba said , using Mandela 's traditional clan name . "  And uphold all of us with your steadfast love so that we may be filled with gratitude for all the good that he has done for us and for our nation , and may honor his legacy through our lives . " As night fell , well-wishers outside the Pretoria hospital where Mandela lay chanted his name , hung signs of support on bulletin boards and left flowers . "  We wish him well . We are calling on the world to unite and pray for Madiba , " said 24-year-old Innocentia Moselane . "  He is our icon , and we love him . " During his 27 years behind bars for fighting apartheid , Mandela became a rallying symbol for those fighting South Africa 's white-minority rule at home and abroad . His release in 1990 was the beginning of the end of apartheid , the system of legalized racial segregation the South African government enforced for more than 45 years . "  He is our hero . He is my mentor , my father . He is everything to me , " 36-year-old Kuda Nyahumzvi told CNN outside the hospital . "  But when it is his time , we wish his soul could just rest . He spent so long in jail and struggling . " While crowds of supporters appeared to have gone home by early Wednesday morning , the South African Press Association reported , scores of journalists remained outside the Medi-Clinic Heart Hospital in Pretoria . Mandela 's wife , Graca Machel , spends every night at the hospital , where the former president has been since June 8 for a recurring lung infection . Previously , authorities had described his condition as serious but stable . But over the weekend , his health took a turn for the worse , with the South African president 's office saying he was in critical condition . "  The doctors are doing everything possible to ensure his well-being and comfort , " President Jacob Zuma told the nation Monday . When the country held its first multiracial elections in 1994 , Mandela became the South Africa 's first black president . He stepped down in 1999 after serving a single term . Though he continued to be a voice on the world stage for developing nations , human rights and the fight against AIDS after leaving office , Mandela , 94 , has been sidelined by advancing age and bouts of illness in recent years . He last appeared in public in 2010 . Journalist Hamilton Wende and CNN 's Matt Smith and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Cape Town 's archbishop leads Mandela 's family in prayer Crowds of supporters and news crews stand outside the hospital Nelson Mandela 's family visits his bedside Officials say Mandela 's condition worsened over the weekend
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- Forty-two years ago , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in Memphis , Tennessee , while promoting the importance of the content of one 's character . Today , an African-American candidate who marched with King is hoping the voters in a Democratic primary race will look at the color of his skin . Willie Herenton , who served as mayor of Memphis for almost two decades until he resigned in 2009 , is making race a key part of his platform in his attempt to unseat incumbent Rep. Steve Cohen . Herenton 's main campaign slogan on yard signs , flyers and T-shirts is the phrase "  Just One , " a reference to his belief that there should be at least one African - American representing Tennessee in Congress . "  I believe that it is very clear to the majority of the citizens of this community that we lack representation . And all we are seeking is just one , well-qualified , African-American to serve in an 11-member Tennessee delegation that is currently all white , " Herenton said . The August 5 primary in Memphis ' heavily Democratic 9th Congressional District has attracted unprecedented attention from President Obama and the Congressional Black Caucus . Both are looking beyond race and backing Herenton 's white , Jewish opponent . Cohen has the support of the Congressional Black Caucus , receiving endorsements from many of its members and a contribution from its political action committee . The president gave Cohen a rare , written endorsement in mid-July . "  Congressman Cohen is a proven leader in the United States Congress and a strong voice for Tennessee , " the statement said . "  Together , we passed historic health care reform , and together we 're continuing the fight to renew our economy and bring jobs back to the American people . I am proud to stand with Steve and support his re-election to Congress . " Herenton said that even though he respects Obama , he was upset with his decision to get involved . "  I 'm disappointed that the president intervened . This is a local race , a local race that the citizens of this community should determine the individual that they want to represent them without the interference from the White House and the president , " he said . In addition to downplaying the endorsements , Herenton says growing up in an impoverished part of Memphis and spending his career serving the people of the 9th District makes him more qualified for the job . He draws attention to Cohen 's singing and dancing at campaign events , saying he is "  trying to act black . " "  It 's patronizing , it 's pandering , it 's almost playing on the emotions of the people . And I , like many in my city am resentful of that type of behavior . " Herenton said . Cohen says he is bothered by that type of rhetoric and says his opponent is desperate and looking for a ticket to Washington . "  You know it 's something he does , and I think it 's grasping , because I 'm not trying to be black . I understand the black community better than most Caucasians do because I have spent so much time working on issues , " Cohen said . "  I represent everybody , and I work hard for people to get them opportunities . And I just think that race should not be an issue in 2010 . " Four years ago , Cohen became the first white congressman since 1972 to win the district . Canvassing for votes this past weekend in Memphis ' predominately African-American Whitehaven community , many of his constituents re-enforced his belief that his hard work on key issues such as education , health care and the economy resonated with voters more than skin-color . When he met resident Lillian Fisher and her children , she gave him a big hug for helping her oldest son find a job . "  If it was n't for you and that education lottery , he now works with the Tennessee lottery in Nashville , thanks to you , so you keep up the good work , " Fisher told him with a huge smile . Herenton has never lost a political election , even though he says he is always considered the underdog . "  According to our polls , we 'll get about 80 percent of the African-American vote , and we feel comfortable with getting anywhere from 5 or 6 percent of the white vote . The way we calculate it , there is no way Cohen can win . This is a real uphill climb for him , " he said . Cohen says he is not worried about the election at all and wishes Herenton stayed focused on the issues at hand instead of race . "  It does get to be a drag . The issues should have been addressed more fully . There are differences ; the truth is I am a strong , hard-core Barack Obama Democrat , " Cohen said . "  My district needs a liberal , because we need policies that work for people . " Herenton says he does not want his campaign reduced to just race and that voters should look at his unique qualifications as former mayor and school superintendent . But he says it would be wrong to just ignore the topic of race all together . "  This great nation is still in denial that race matters . In my view , race continues to permeate every facet of American lives . Especially white America is in a state of denial when it comes to race , " Herenton said . Both candidates believe that MLK would be proud of their work . "  I think if Dr. King were alive today , he would support the proposition that the American democracy fosters inclusion , the American democracy respects representation of diverse people in his government , and he would be sympathetic and would be encouraging to a group of people that seek representation , " Herenton said . And asked about what people will be saying on August 6 , a day after the election , Cohen says he hopes people will see Memphis in a different light . "  I think they will be saying that citizens of the 9th District voted in a way that Dr. King will be smiling upon , voting on the content of their character and not the color of their skin . "	Willie Herenton hopes voters in Tennessee 's 9th District will look at color of his skin Herenton challenging incumbent Rep. Steve Cohen in Democratic primary Cohen has backing of Obama , Congressional Black Caucus Both candidates say they think Martin Luther King Jr. would be proud of their work
Baghdad  CNN  -- A series of attacks in Iraq killed at least 18 people and wounded dozens Wednesday , police said . A car bomb exploded outside a popular restaurant in Hafriya about 35 km southeast of Baghdad on Wednesday afternoon , according to police and health officials . At last three people were killed and 15 others were wounded , officials said . Hafriya is a predominately Shiite district located in Wasit province . A car bomb targeting a security convoy exploded near two hotels in central Baghdad , killing a person near the scene of the blast and wounding seven others . In Kirkuk , at least nine people were killed -- including five Iraqi soldiers -- and 31 people were wounded when three car bombs exploded in and around the ethnically mixed , oil-rich city north of Baghdad . In the southern Iraqi city Hilla , a car bomb exploded near an outdoor market , killing five people and wounding 12 others . Hilla , which is predominately Shiite , is in Babel Province . In Diyala Province , two roadside bombs and a car bomb , all in different areas , wounded 11 people . One targeted the convoy of Diyala Gov. Omer Aziz al-Hamri , but he was n't hurt in the incident . Last month , nearly 150 people were killed and 300 others were wounded in violence across the country , according to the interior ministry . Baghdad 's Shiite-dominated government has blamed the recent attacks on Sunni insurgents with ties to al Qaeda . Violence has dropped dramatically in Iraq since the peak of Sunni-Shiite clashes in 2006 and 2007 and the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country in December 2011 , but insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist . Many areas are still smoldering with sectarian tension and political infighting . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki Tuesday night to reaffirm U.S. support of the Iraqi government , al-Maliki 's office said . The two men also discussed the Syrian crisis . Iraq executes 10 prisoners for terrorism Iraq cancels new arms deal with Russia Police : Bombings kill 5 in Iraq , wound dozens more	NEW : Bombings kill at least 18 , wound dozens One blast targeted a provincial governor , but he was unharmed In October , nearly 150 people were killed in violence U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki
CNN  -- Chinese human rights activist Chen Guangcheng arrived Saturday evening in the United States , bringing an end to a diplomatic firestorm that erupted after he escaped from house arrest and took to YouTube to complain about abuse he said his family suffered at the hands of authorities . United Airlines Flight 88 landed at New York/Newark Liberty International Airport to little fanfare after the U.S. State Department prohibited public and media access . Traveling with Chen were his wife and two children . Less than two hours later , Chen , 40 , spoke from New York University , where he will participate in a fellowship . "  I am very grateful to the assistance of the American Embassy and the promise of the Chinese government for protection of my rights as a citizen over the long term , " Chen said to a mob of reporters and onlookers . "  I am very gratified to see the Chinese government has been dealing with the situation with restraint and calm . " The activist indicated through a translator that the U.S. government granted him partial citizenship rights . He asked people to work with him to "  promote justice and fairness in China . " And Chen said he was looking forward to recuperating in "  body and spirit . " Reporters traveling with him were denied access to Chen for much of the 13-hour flight from Beijing until he agreed to talk to one member of the media . Chen expressed mixed feelings about arriving in the United States , saying he has unfinished business at home , according to CNN 's Steven Jiang , who was on board the flight . Chen 's ` concrete ' steps to leaving China Chinese-speaking diplomats from the U.S. Embassy in Beijing traveled with the family , according to two senior State Department officials . Chen had neither passport nor visa in hand when he was abruptly shuttled to the Beijing airport for the flight . At the airport , Chen waited with his wife and two children in a secure location . He was in a wheelchair , dark glasses over his eyes -- Chen is blind . Chen had been in a Chinese hospital for the past few weeks , awaiting the documents to travel to the United States . The self-taught legal activist angered Chinese officials with his fight against alleged forced abortions under China 's one-child policy . Chen spent four years in prison , and was then held under constant lockdown in his village . In his April video after his escape , Chen addressed the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao , detailing alleged abuses during the family 's 18 months of heavily guarded detention at home . "  They broke into my house and more than a dozen men assaulted my wife , " he said . "  They pinned her down and wrapped her in a comforter , beating and kicking her for hours . They also similarly violently assaulted me . " On Saturday , Chen said he was confident officials will conduct a thorough investigation of the abuse and treatment toward him . "  I do n't believe the central government will lie to me , " he said . Journalists and supporters were prevented from visiting Chen during his house arrest . One of those supporters is Hollywood actor Christian Bale , who was roughed up by security guards while attempting a visit in December . Chen indicated Saturday he would like to meet Bale . Bale , in an e-mail Saturday to CNN , said , "  Please shake Chen 's hand , and give him and his family a hug from me upon their arrival in the U.S. . They must be overwhelmed with relief at being together , and finally , safe ; but also worried about their family who remain in Shandong . I would love to meet with Chen when he has the time . " Chinese activists family suffers reprisals , he tells U.S. lawmakers Bob Fu , president of ChinaAid , a Texas-based Christian human rights organization that has been campaigning for Chen 's freedom , said the activist was deeply grateful to the international community 's efforts to secure his freedom -- efforts that tested U.S. relations with the Communist giant . Chen spent six days in the U.S. Embassy after he escaped house arrest ahead of a visit to Beijing by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The move infuriated Chinese authorities . The one thing Chen could not leave behind was fear of reprisals for the rest of his extended family at the hands of the authorities in Shandong Province in eastern China . "  My elder brother was taken away by these thugs without any reasoning and then they came back and started beating up my nephew , and they used stakes and violently beat him up , " Chen told the House Foreign Affairs Committee in a telephone call from his hospital room earlier this week . Chen added that his relatives ' homes had been broken into and they had been beaten by people working for the government . Chen said his nephew Chen Kegui tried to defend himself and now faces a "  totally trumped-up " charge of attempted homicide . "  After my nephew was beaten up , he actually was waiting to surrender himself and the police come back again and violently beat up my sister-in-law , " Chen said . Hillary Clinton talks China , Chen in wide-ranging interview The authorities in Linyi , the city that oversees Chen 's village , had issued a statement accusing Chen Kegui of injuring government officials with a knife and saying he would be dealt with according to the law . They have declined to comment on the matter since . ChinaAid urged the international community to continue to monitor the situation for Chen 's extended family in China , amid concerns over possible reprisals by the authorities . Amnesty International echoed that concern . "  Chen 's journey to the United States would not have been possible without his own valiant character , the courageous support of his family and friends and the robust voice of the international community that never stopped working on his behalf , " said Frank Jannuzi , head of Amnesty International 's Washington office . "  But while Chen and his immediate family are safe , Amnesty International continues to be concerned about those in China who share his quest for justice , for they remain in serious jeopardy , " he said . "  Countless people , known and unknown , are subject to arbitrary detention , beatings and other forms of repression . For Chen , whose escape from authorities in Shandong played out like a Hollywood thriller -- a persecuted blind man who climbed over a high wall and hid in a pig sty -- Saturday 's sudden journey over an ocean and a continent was perhaps a fitting chapter in his story . Sunday morning , Chen will begin a new life in America , calm and resolute as always . New York University law professor Jerome Cohen first met Chen when the activist traveled to the United States as part of a State Department program in 2004 . "  You got the feeling you were in the presence of some Chinese equivalent of Gandhi or something , " Cohen said . "  He had this gentle but steely moral force . " Chen never sought out to be a rabble-rouser , Cohen said , though he will always be thought of as one . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Chen expresses gratitude , asks for justice in China Actor Christian Bale , who tried to visit Chen in China , wants to meet him in U.S. Chen will be able to pursue his studies in the U.S. Chen 's escape from house arrest and refuge in the U.S. Embassy caused diplomatic tensions
Australia has been revealed as the world 's happiest industrialized nation , taking the title for the fourth year running . The so-called "  lucky country " beat Norway and Sweden to take the top spot in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development 's  OECD  Better Life Index . The OECD , an international organization uniting high-income developed countries , ranks its members according to 11 different criteria , which it views as essential to a happy life . Its happiness index -- one of many such indexes published each year -- is the product of ten years ' research , Romina Boarini , head of OECD 's monitoring well-being and progress unit , said . It differs from other indexes due to its high quality of data and interactivity with users , she added . The OECD began investigating contributors to happiness and well-being in the early 2000s , looking at straight-forward indicators such income and wealth alongside others which are more difficult to quantify , such as civic engagement . Other indicators used are health and education , the quality of local environment , personal security and overall satisfaction with life . The data is then analyzed to ensure it can translate across the OECD countries . Australians enjoy above average quality of life in nearly all of them , according to the report published on Monday . The country "  down under " ranks at the top in civic engagement , which looks at voters ' participation , among other criteria . It also comes out above average , in the list of 36 countries , in environmental quality , health status , housing , personal security , jobs and earnings , education and skills , subjective well-being , social connections , and income and wealth . The survey uses scientific research to find out what makes people happy by letting them decide which criteria are the most important to them and place bigger or smaller value on each category . Those who see the environment or work-life balance as key to their happiness can boost the value of those qualities in their own ranking and see how they compare to people who place more importance on things like education or income . According to the 60,000 people who have shared their views so far , the most important factor for being happy is life satisfaction , with health and education close behind . "  There are differences depending on where you come from , how old you are , and sometimes whether you are a man or a woman , " the OECD researchers explain in their report . People in Japan think personal security is the top priority for well-being , and those in Latin America value education the most , the OECD says . Australians say the most valuable is having a good balance between work and personal life , which is also the only category in which they lag behind the average . Two countries , the UK and Iceland , dropped from last year 's top 10 and were replaced by Finland at number nine , and New Zealand at number 10 . At the bottom of the ranking of the 36 industrialized nations are Greeks  34  , who the OECD says suffer from the lowest life satisfaction , Mexico  35  , where the biggest problem is safety , measured by murder and assault rates , and Turkey  36  which ranks poorly in the income and housing categories as well as life satisfaction and work-life balance . But even the countries at the bottom of the chart have reasons to be happy . The OECD highlights Greece 's above the average health and quality of environment and Mexico 's high levels of life satisfaction . Turkey , although still trailing behind the rest of the industrialized country , is praised for the progress in improving the quality of life of its citizens over the last two decades . Read more : How does your salary compare?Read more : Why happiness is healthy	Australia named the world 's happiest industrialized nation , according to the OECD Survey takes into account satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housing
Mashable  -- Microsoft has just announced the 17 games that will be available on launch day with Kinect for Xbox 360 , the tech giant 's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system . Kinect , which launches on November 4 , is Microsoft 's answer to the Nintendo Wii 's motion controllers , which helped turn that console into one of this generation 's most popular gaming devices . Both Sony and Microsoft have been playing catch-up with the PlayStation Move and Kinect , respectively . Seventeen Kinect-enabled games will be available when the device makes its debut next month . Here 's the full list : Kinect Adventures : This is the game that is included with every Kinect device . It helps introduce gamers to the Kinect interface , letting them transverse the rapids , float around in space and challenge their friends to races , among other minigames . Kinectimals : Think Nintendogs , but with no controller . Game Party : In Motion : This includes a collection of party minigames like Darts . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 The Videogame : You can now control Harry 's magic with your hands . Your Shape : Fitness Evolved : A fitness game from Ubisoft that is similar to Wii Fit . Dance Central : This game , made by the creators of Rock Band , tracks your dance moves . We 've heard good things about this one . The Biggest Loser Ultimate Workout : A game from THQ based on the TV show . DanceMasters : Konami 's version of getting your groove down . EA SPORTS Active 2 : A fitness game with body tracking , heart rate data and the ability to share workout data . EA has gone all-out with this game , which sort of explains its $ 100 price tag . Zumba Fitness : See a pattern yet ? This is a dance fitness game . Kinect Sports : Microsoft 's version of Wii Sports . MotionSports : This game from Ubisoft includes live in-game commentary and 40 + sports challenges . DECA SPORTS FREEDOM : While this game only has 10 sporting events , there is a focus on making it feel as real as possible . Figure skating should be interesting . Kinect Joy Ride : Controller-free kart racing . ADRENALIN MISFITS : This racing/battle game focuses on fantasy worlds . Fighters Uncaged : Fulfill your Fight Club fantasy without the bloody concussions and stitches . SONIC FREE RIDERS : Yup , Sega is bringing Sonic the Hedgehog to Kinect . What do you think of Kinect 's launch day lineup ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Microsoft announces the 17 games that will be available on the Kinect launch day Kinect is the tech giant 's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system The system is Microsoft 's answer to the Nintendo Wii 's motion controllers
CNN  -- Miguel Angel Jimenez boasts arguably the most eye-catching warmup routine in golf : arms outstretched with a club above his head , squatting , usually with a cigar protruding from his mouth . Known as "  The Mechanic , " his routine is clearly not in need of fixing -- on Sunday the Spaniard became the first man over the age of 50 to win on the European Tour . His first victory at his home tournament , the Spanish Open , came at his 27th attempt following a three-way playoff against Australian Richard Green and Thomas Pieters of Belgium . While many of his peers are constantly pounding around in the gyms getting ready for the major tournaments , Jimenez 's approach is more alternative . "  I love to ski  he broke his leg doing so in 2012  , I love to drink , I love to smoke , I love to compete and I love to have time with my friends , " he said . "  I do n't want to stop any of those things . I 'm sorry but I 'm honest . "  I do what I like in my life and I 'm not going to change that . If a major is coming then it will be ` wow ' but , if the major is not coming , I 'm still going to do what I like with my life . " It is an approach that has brought out the best in him in his advancing years in the sport . Of his 21 career wins on the European Tour , two-thirds of them have come in the last 10 years . The latest one , which he clinched on the first playoff hole , eclipsed his previous record for the oldest winner on the European Tour at December 's Hong Kong Open , which came less than a month before his 50th birthday . Now into his sixth decade , he is targeting yet more records . The first is to become the oldest European Ryder Cup player in September 's clash with the U.S. -- which would beat a milestone set back in 1927 by Ted Ray , who was 50 years , two months and five days old when he captained Great Britain in the inaugural event . Also , should Jimenez win a major title -- he came close with his fourth place at last month 's Masters -- he would beat the record of Julius Boros , winner of the 1968 U.S. PGA Championship aged 48 . "  I would love to make the Ryder Cup team , " admitted Jimenez , who is now sixth in the European points list as he seeks to reclaim his place , having been a non-playing vice-captain for 2012 's "  Miracle at Medinah . " "  I would break all the records at 50 . " As for this weekend 's victory , he added : "  There 's no words to describe what it means to me . You need to be into my skin but I 'm not going to let you . It 's amazing . "  All the victories are special , all are unique , some of them give you more money , some less , but all of them are important . You play to win and when you make it you have to appreciate it . " Jimenez has no plans yet to become a fulltime member of the seniors ' circuit , though he won his debut event on the U.S. Champions Tour last month and has said he is likely to line up at July 's Senior British Open at Royal Porthcawl a week after the third regular major of the season at Hoylake . "  I love to compete , " he said . "  It 's the only think I know how to do properly in my life . "	Miguel Angel Jimenez wins home Spanish Open for first time Becomes first man over the age of 50 to win on the European Tour Jimenez broke his leg in 2012 and spent the first few months of 2013 in rehabilitation He says : "  There 's no words to describe what it means to me "
CNN  -- Prosecutors have offered Ariel Castro , a Cleveland man accused of holding three women captive for close to a decade , a plea deal that removes the possibility of the death penalty , a Cuyahoga County courts source said Thursday . The defense is considering the deal , and there is no signed agreement . The deal would include a recommendation to keep Castro in prison for life , the source said . "  We 're on the home stretch , " said a second source close to the case . That source said all that remains to be done to seal the deal is for Castro to plead guilty at the podium , which could happen at a hearing scheduled for Friday . An attorney for the victims told CNN they are hoping for a plea deal because they do not want to testify at trial . Earlier , the courts source said prosecutors and defense lawyers were close to an agreement . Castro , charged with 977 counts -- including aggravated murder , on suspicion of ending the pregnancy of one of his alleged captives -- is set to go to trial August 5 if a deal is not reached . The murder charges could trigger the death penalty . Castro 's defense attorneys have said they want a deal that would take capital punishment off the table . "  Negotiations are close , but nothing is final , " the court source said earlier Thursday . "  It 's safe to say  Castro  would n't take a deal with the death penalty , " the source said . According to authorities , Castro abducted Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus separately in a two-year period starting in 2002 . The women , as well as Berry 's 6-year-old daughter , who authorities say was fathered by Castro , were freed in May after one of the women shouted for help while Castro was away from his 1,400-square-foot home . Castro , a former school bus driver , pleaded not guilty to the charges this month . He is being held with bail set at $ 8 million . Besides two aggravated murder charges , Castro faces 512 counts of kidnapping , 446 counts of rape , seven counts of gross sexual imposition , six counts of felonious assault , three counts of child endangerment and one count of possessing criminal tools . CNN 's Pamela Brown and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 're on the home stretch , " says a source close to the case The defense is still considering the deal , a second source says The agreement would remove the possibility of the death penalty , says that source Castro is accused of holding three women against their will for close to a decade
WIRED  -- As a freshman in college , my one  moderately  responsible financial decision was setting up a checking account that rounded up every purchase I made to the next dollar and shuttled the extra change into a mini savings account . When a friend from the business school suggested I 'd be better off investing that money , I ignored him completely . None of the seemingly complex investing options he proposed made any sense to my 19-year-old mind . I was happy to let my money accrue nickel by dime by penny in what amounted to a glorified piggy bank . As it turns out , I was n't all that different from the rest of my penny-pinching generation . One recent study by UBS called millennials the "  most fiscally conservative generation since the Great Depression , " saying they hold the bulk of their assets in cash and view saving , not investing , as the most sound financial strategy . Often , members of this generation find themselves either unable to come up with a lump sum to meet account minimums for most investment firms , or they 're simply unwilling to pay a financial adviser 's hefty commission fees . Now , a startup called Acorns wants to solve these problems with a new smartphone app , hoping it can help millennials outgrow the piggy bank . Much like the checking account I set up all those years ago , the app links to a user 's debit or credit card and rounds up on every purchase . But rather than letting the cash stagnate , Acorns invests it . Users can choose one of five portfolios , ranging from conservative to aggressive risk , and the cost is $ 1 a month , plus anywhere from 0.25 % to 0.5 % of their earnings . They can also withdraw their funds at any time . ` Fiscally conservative generation ' With this app , Acorns joins a growing list of startups attempting to create an onramp for a new type of investor , the under-30 set , which many have referred to as "  the recession generation . " Companies like Betterment and Wealthfront are using behavioral science and automation to reduce human error in investing and charge lower fees than traditional financial advisors . But Acorns takes a more streamlined approach . Founded by Walter and Jeff Cruttenden , a father-and-son team from Newport Beach , California , the startup is hoping that its dead simple "  invest the change " model can serve as a sort of gateway drug to the wider world of investing . Haunting photos of the children toiling in Egypt 's limestone mines If successful , Acorns could radically change the narrative of this generation , transforming them from post-recession conservatives to savvy financial risk takers . "  There are 315,000 financial advisers out there . We 're not trying to compete with them , " says Walter Cruttenden , the company 's CEO . "  We 're trying to be the starter account , the farm school , the incubator . " That plan appears to be paying off . Among the more than 10,000 users who tested Acorns before launch , more than one third of them are under the age of 22 , and a full 85 percent are under the age of 35 . "  We 're really excited to be engaging this young group , " says Jeff Cruttenden , Acorns ' COO , a millennial himself . ` It 's going to happen this way ' The young co-founder is unique among his peers in that he 's been investing in the stock market since he was in high school , something he owes largely to his father 's influence . Before founding Acorns , Walter launched the investment banking firm Cruttenden Roth , now Roth Capital , and also started the investment banking arm of E * Trade . It was during Jeff 's senior year at Lewis & Clark College that he and Walter began discussing how technology had drastically reduced the cost of trading . Walter predicted that this cost reduction would usher in a new age of microinvesting in the U.S. "  Jeff held up his smartphone and he said : ` Dad , it 's going to happen this way , " Walter remembers . Why are we so fat ? The multimillion-dollar scientific quest to find out From that day on , the two began brainstorming ways to build an investment platform for a demographic that 's both mobile-first and wary of traditional investing . Originally , they planned to design a front-end app for existing companies , like Schwab or Fidelity , but soon realized that the multitude of options those companies offer investors would only overwhelm Acorns ' potential users . "  We had to consider people who are Ubering home and walking down the street . They do n't have a check with them or 15 minutes to pore over a complicated document , " Jeff says . "  We wanted to simplify and streamline it . " So the team spent the next two years dealing with regulators and becoming their own broker dealer , raising some $ 9 million in funding along the way . All the while , they worked on simplifying the technology to enable users to set up an account and start investing in minutes . Users sign up using their bank username and password , and provide basic details about themselves , including their social security number , income , net worth , and investment goals . That allows Acorns to recommend the right portfolio for them . Rather than offering an array of investment options , Acorns only offers users so-called exchange traded funds . Unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies This both simplifies the set up process for users and lowers Acorns ' own costs , by reducing the number of variables the system needs to contend with . "  There 's not a place to put in a stock symbol or a price or type of order , " says Walter . "  It just sweeps your money into this pre-constructed portfolio , and when you want it , you withdraw instantly . " The Tinder of investing Acorns has been called the Tinder of investing . Just as Tinder made online dating as easy as swiping left or right , so too has Acorns simplified the often tedious and complex process of investing . But that does n't mean the investment strategy is any less sophisticated . The portfolios were designed with help from Dr. Harry Markowitz , a Nobel Prize winner , who is commonly referred to as the father of modern portfolio theory . Jeff met Dr. Markowitz through a friend who was a student of his at the University of California , San Diego . When Dr. Markowitz heard about Acorns , he took a special interest in the company and worked as a paid adviser in the company 's early days . "  Investing in a broadly diversified portfolio for the long term is the right choice for most people , " Dr. Markowitz said in a statement . "  Acorns enables this to happen automatically in tiny increments with minimal cost . This has the potential to help people across all demographics . " Of course , all by itself , this approach is n't likely to make anyone rich . The average user invests about $ .57 per transaction , with three transactions a day . That 's about $ 50 a month . According to Jeff , the average expected return of these portfolios ranges from 4 to 9 percent . The hope is that as Acorns ' users become more accustomed to investing , they 'll opt to invest even more of their money in the markets . And when that day comes , the Cruttendens say , they 'll be ready . "  We want to make our investors feel comfortable as their accounts grow , so our focus on small accounts is n't at the expense of large accounts , " Jeff says . "  We built the platform to handle multimillion dollar accounts . " More from Wired : Someone reinvented the butter knife and it is amazing How the next iPhone could finally kill the credit card Inside the rainbow factory where Crayola crayons are made Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Acorns is an app that simplifies the process of investing Every time a user spends on their debit or credit card , it rounds up the figure and invests the difference Cost is $ 1 a month , plus anywhere from 0.25 % to 0.5 % of user 's earnings
CNN  -- President Bush blasted the Democratic-controlled Congress on Tuesday for having "  the worst record in 20 years . " "  Congress is not getting its work done , " Bush said , flanked by members of the Republican House leadership . "  The House of Representatives has wasted valuable time on a constant stream of investigations , and the Senate has wasted valuable time on an endless series of failed votes to pull our troops out of Iraq . " Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send "  a single appropriations bill " to him . "  They have n't seen a bill they could not solve without shoving a tax hike into it , " he said . Democrats quickly fired back . Jim Manley , senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , said , "  Taking advice from President Bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the American people is like taking hunting lessons from Dick Cheney . Neither is a very good idea . " Rep. Rahm Emanuel , D-Illinois , issued a statement saying , "  President Bush 's rally this morning reminds us that congressional Republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the Bush agenda : No to children 's health care ; no to a new direction in Iraq ; and no to investing in America 's future . The White House and congressional Republicans want to continue the status quo . " Bush said the Senate was "  wasting valuable time " by taking up the children 's health insurance bill , which he had earlier vetoed . Watch Bush describe what he thinks Congress is doing wrong " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , issued a statement calling Bush "  the biggest obstacle " to extending health coverage to "  10 million low-income , working-class American children . " Hoyer said GOP House leaders need to "  stop posing for pictures , and sit down with Democrats and Republicans in Congress who are working together to extend coverage to our children . " The State Children 's Health Insurance Program measure passed in the House last week would expand the program by nearly $ 35 billion over five years , the same as the measure Bush vetoed on October 3 . Bush had proposed adding $ 5 billion to the program , and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded , state-run program . Democratic leaders said the new version addresses Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits ; capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program ; and preventing adults from receiving benefits . The program currently covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid , the federal health insurance program for the poor , but who ca n't afford private insurance . Democrats want to extend the program to another 4 million , paying for it with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes . Bush said Congress knows the current version of the children 's health bill "  does not have a chance , " to get enough votes to override another veto . Hoyer accused Bush of breaking a promise he made in 2004 to extend coverage under the SCHIP program . "  Now , Congress must do what the president said he would do , " he said in his statement . The Senate could vote on the bill as early as Tuesday . Bush also threatened to veto a "  three-bill pileup . " "  There are now reports that Congressional leaders may be considering combining the Veterans and Department of Defense appropriations bills , and then add a bloated labor , health and education spending bill to both of them , " he said . "  Congress should pass each bill one at a time in a fiscally responsible manner , " he said . Bush also urged Congress to send him a "  clean defense appropriations bill and a war supplemental bill . " "  They ought to get me a bill that funds among other things bullets and body armor , " he said . Bush also criticized Congress for trying to "  hold hostage " funding for troops . "  It would be irresponsible to not give our troops the resources they need to get their job done because Congress was unable to get its job done , " he said . Hoyer 's release said Bush 's comments on appropriations bills and fiscal responsibility "  ring hollow . " "  The fact is , this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in American history , turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt , " he said . "  Democrats are the party of fiscal responsibility today because we believe our government must pay for the things it purchases and not force our children to pay our bills . The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is not a fight over spending . It is a fight over priorities . " E-mail to a friend	Bush : Senate "  wasting valuable time " with children 's health insurance bill Congress "  holding hostage " funds for troops , Bush says Bush accuses Congress of gridlock , failing to promote anyone 's agenda Democrats fire back , saying Bush 's words "  ring hollow "
CNN  -- Michelle Knight was n't the only one being held by Ariel Castro . But she knew she was different . "  I was the punching bag . " And she took it -- day after day , month after month , year after year . The terror and torment lasted from August 2002 , when Castro lured Knight , then 21 , into his house with the promise of a new puppy , to May 6 , 2013 , when she and fellow captives Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus finally tasted freedom once again . How Castro lured her to the house Speaking to CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Knight describes being chained to DeJesus , of being threatened with death if she did n't deliver Berry 's baby alive and of screaming until she lost her voice in the 1,400-square-foot , two-story home on Cleveland 's Seymour Avenue . What she never lost was hope . After being starved , chained and repeatedly raped , after being brutalized physically and humiliated psychologically , Knight said that she actually got stronger . It might not have helped her in Castro 's eyes , but Knight stayed defiant -- so much so that it became a source of pride . "  All my life , I was made to feel insecure , like I was worthless , " she recalled . "  And for the first time in my life , I stood up to a person that was a demeaning person . " "  And it felt good to stand up for myself ,  because  I never did before . " Sensed Castro was behind other abduction One year later , Knight is in a very different place . While Berry and DeJesus have largely stayed out of the public eye , Knight has done the opposite -- appearing at public events and writing a book , "  Finding Me , " in hopes that her experiences will help people know they can survive anything . Castro , the daily devil in these three women 's lives for so long , is now out of the picture . Arrested shortly after Berry and her then 6-year-old daughter escaped to a neighbor 's house -- which led directly to the freeing of both Knight and DeJesus -- Castro killed himself in custody last September . Before last May , neighbors had known him as an affable guy who 'd wave or eat ribs with them on his porch . For years , Castro drove children around in a school bus . He jammed with fellow musicians in salsa bands . But none of these people -- not even his closest relatives -- knew Castro 's deep , dark secrets . Knight was the first such secret , having accepted a ride from Castro after leaving a Family Dollar store in the northern Ohio city . Nine months later , he took Berry as she walked home from her job at Burger King on the eve of her 17th birthday . Knight said when she first saw TV reports of this latest abduction , her first thought was that Castro was responsible . While the two did n't interact much -- according to Castro 's rules -- Knight said that Berry got better food , blankets , "  basically whatever she wanted except for home . " "  He had a fascination with her , more than me , " Knight recalled . "  She was the wife-type person . I was the punching bag . " Did n't speak out because ' I did n't want to get shot ' In April 2004 , Castro nabbed DeJesus shortly after she was last seen with his own biological daughter , Arlene , at a pay phone . Knight and DeJesus , all of 14 at the time of her kidnapping , became close in more ways than one . They were chained together by the feet inside a small room . And they leaned on each other emotionally as well . "  When we were sad and got knocked down by things that he said , we would tell each other , ` It 's OK , ... one day day it will be over , ' " Knight said . "  We  tried  to encourage ourselves to keep hope that we would go home , even though sometimes we did n't feel like they were . " There was no roaming the halls , no freedom without a threat . Knight remembered going outside once and seeing other people . But she did n't dare speak up , knowing that Castro had a gun on him "  everywhere he went . " She said flatly , "  I did n't want to get shot . " ` At least I 'm still alive ' That threat was never more real than when Berry went into labor with Castro 's child . Her paternity was later confirmed by DNA tests . The baby girl was born into a plastic tub to contain the afterbirth and amniotic fluid . But she was n't breathing , said Knight , who had helped deliver the child . "  At that point in time , I knew what he said : ` If the baby did n't come out breathing , I 'll kill you , ' " recalled Knight . Berry 's baby delivered by another captive Throughout her harrowing ordeal , Knight said she coped in part by remembering her own child , whom she 'd given birth to at age 17 . She told Cooper that she 'd write songs and poems to him , among other musings "  about what happened to me  and  things that I never had , things that I wanted . " And Knight worked , as best as she could , to find something , anything positive to hold on to . "  I  would  take myself outside of myself and look at a brighter side : At least I 'm not dead yet , " she said . "  At least I 'm still alive and breathing . " Michelle Knight recounts her experience to Dr. Phil CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Michelle Knight says Ariel Castro had "  a fascination " with fellow captive Amanda Berry She calls her defiance of Castro a source of pride ; "  it felt good to stand up for myself " Castro had a gun with him "  everywhere , " threatened her if Berry 's newborn did n't live Knight coped by talking with a fellow captive , writing to her son , taking solace in being alive
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The new Bundesliga season kicked off on Friday when defending champions Wolfsburg beat Stuttgart 2-0 at the Volkswagen Arena -- Fanzone details what to expect from the new campaign : So what 's new ? No less than eight teams underwent a change of coach during the off season with Bayern Munich 's appointment of Louis van Gaal the most high profile after the disappointing reign of Jurgen Klinsmann and Jupp Heynckes ' spell as caretaker boss . Felix Magath has left champions Wolfsburg to help revive ailing Schalke , who finished eighth last time round , with former Stuttgart chief Armin Veh moving into the hot seat . Brazil playmaker Diego was the most significant player departure from the Bundesliga after he swapped Werder Bremen for Italian giants Juventus in a deal worth $ 35 million . Werder filled the void left by the influential midfielder with the $ 12 million signing of promising youngster Marko Marin from Borussia Monchengladbach . Striker Mario Gomez moved to Bayern Munich from Stuttgart for a Bundesliga record fee of $ 43 million while Wolfsburg increased their goal options with the capture of Nigeria forward Obafemi Martins . One change in the structure of the Bundesliga is the reduction of the winter break from six to three weeks to help ease fixture congestion and enable the national team longer to prepare for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . . Lukas Podolski is back at his former club Cologne Key players : Speculation over the future of Bayern Munich star Franck Ribery - who has been linked with Chelsea , Real Madrid and Manchester United - has been the main transfer topic that has filled column inches during the off season . If Ribery remains with the club he could prove to the difference between Bayern and the rest of the title contenders although the arrival of defensive midfielder Anatoliy Tymoschuk from Zenit St Petersburg will add some much-needed steel to their midfield . Brazil striker Grafite notched 28 goals in 25 Bundesliga matches last season and his form in the 2009/10 season could be key if Wolfsburg can hold onto their title . The battle for places in Joachim Low 's squad for the 2010 World Cup could also have a knock-on effect on the fortunes of several Bundesliga sides . Who will win the Bundesliga title ? Sound Off below . Bayer Leverkusen pair Stefan Kiessling and Patrick Helmes could well be vying for one place in Low 's squad , while Lukas Podolski in particular will be keen to be make up for lost time with Cologne following his emotional return to the club after a stop-start spell at Bayern . Wolfsburg won their first Bundesliga title last season Key clubs : Hoffenheim enjoyed a creditable first Bundesliga campaign and were top heading into the winter break before they faded in the second half of the season following a serious injury to leading striker Vedad Ibisevic . If the Bosnia international can rediscover his touch , and new signings Franco Zuculini and Maicosuel settle in quickly , then Ralf Rangnick 's men could again upset the established elite and this time stay in contention until the end of the season . Schalke supporters will hope that new boss Magath can repeat the heroics he achieved with Wolfsburg last time round . The 56-year-old steered the Wolves to their first Bundesliga title by improbably pipping Bayern Munich to the post , ending the season top of the division with a two point lead over the German giants at the top of the division after 34 games . Elsewhere , if Podolski can show the form he is capable of and finds the net regularly he may add the firepower Cologne need to move from perennial relegation strugglers to European hopefuls . All eyes will be on new Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal when the new season starts . Expert view : CNN 's Kate Giles - "  Well as much as I hate to say it , Bayern Munich are the favorites to do the business this season . By their high standards , last season was a flop . "  After similar disappointment in 2007 , they came back hard in 2008 and were little short of unstoppable . I would not expect anything different this time round . "  To add to an already star-studded squad , they have made top-class signings in Gomez , Tymoschuk and Ivica Olic . What 's more , they will be masterfully led by new coach van Gaal - who has the credentials and experience lacked by Klinsmann . "  Nonetheless , the past few years have proved the Bundesliga title is not necessarily a foregone conclusion , and there are a few other sides that can challenge the favorites . Watch the predictions of CNN 's Kate Giles for the coming campaign " "  Wolfsburg will be hoping for a repeat of last season 's glory . And after managing to hold on to strike duo Grafite and Dzeko , they are bound to get enough goals to present a solid challenge although the distraction of the Champions League could be their undoing . "  Stuttgart will also be looking to pick up where they left off and can not afford a slow start this time round . Consistency will be the key if they are to turn into title challengers , although the departure of Gomez to Bayern will leave a huge void . "  Bayer Leverkusen are worth keeping an eye on and have added the experience of Sami Hyypia to their talented young squad while veteran coach Heynckes could be the man to unlock their potential . "  At the wrong end of the table , Nuremberg will hope to improve on the unwanted Bundesliga record of being relegated seven times while fellow new boys Mainz and Freiburg must add to their squads to have any realistic hope of survival . "	Bundesliga champions Wolfsburg kick off the new season against Stuttgart Eight teams will have a new coach in charge for the forthcoming campaign Franck Ribery could be a key player for Bayern Munich if he stays at the club Have your say on who you think will win the Bundesliga in the Sound Off below
CNN  -- If you 've cast Kellie Pickler as either an "  American Idol " runner-up , pop-country musician or both -- it 's time to re-evaluate . Last week she released her third album , "  100 Proof , " an 11-song set of traditional country music reflecting the potent ballad style of classic stars like Dolly Parton and Tammy Wynette as well as a rowdy side on a few numbers . But it 's "  Mother 's Day " that finds Pickler at her best : She 's sad and vulnerable throughout . Anyone that knows the story of her strained relationship with her mother can hear the emotion wrapped up in this number . Pickler 's voice always worked in her pop-oriented prior albums , but with "  100 Proof " she sounds wise beyond her 25 years , both in lyric and voice . CNN recently spoke with Pickler about her new album , ditching a pop sound and writing with Taylor Swift . CNN : The new record is called "  100 Proof . " Should we infer this is your most potent batch of songs to date ? Pickler :  Laughs .  I guess you could say that . I 'm so proud of this record . I 've never worked harder on anything like I did this . I branched out , wrote with different song writers ; people I never thought in a million years that would write with me . I just really got to take my time and really go back to the roots of country music and show who influenced me growing up . I 'm happy that I had the freedom to sprinkle a little bit of that through the record . CNN : Who are these people you were obsessed with when you were growing up ? Pickler : I loved Dolly Parton , I love Loretta Lynn and Tammy Wynette . I do n't know if it was the fact that their music felt so real and all of their songs came from a real place in their life . I feel like we were all raised the same . CNN : You had a rather rough upbringing . How much of that experience informs your work these days ? Songs like "  Tough " and "  Mother 's Day " stand out . Pickler : I 'd definitely say that my life is on this record . When my husband  country musician Kyle Jacobs  and I sat down and wrote "  Mother 's Day , " there were no intentions of it to ever be heard or go into the studio to record it . I do n't really think about that when I sit down and write about what I 'm going through . I did n't write that song for anybody else but me I guess . Sometimes it 's OK to do things for yourself every now and then . A couple of our songwriting friends heard it and they really encouraged me to think about trying to get it on the record . It 's one of those things that just kind of happened and there was no plan for it except for me to find closure . CNN : "  100 Proof " has shifted to this more traditional sound . Sometimes , it 's back-bar stomp , other times it 's these sleepy , pedal steel ballads . Did you grow tired of the pop-oriented sound ? Pickler : I never wanted to be a pop singer . I 've never wanted to be . I 've always wanted to make records like this . The first thing I ever said when I went into the Sony building was "  I love Tammy Wynette , I love Dolly Parton , I love Loretta Lynn . " Look , times are tough for record companies and I get that they have a formula and have to play certain things safe . Me not being an established artist ... they ca n't afford to take certain risks . I know who I am now , better . I was 19 when I got in line for "  American Idol . " Nobody knows who they are at 19 ; you 're not supposed to . I did this whole thing backwards . You come off a show like "  Idol " and you 're a celebrity , but for what ? You do n't have a song on the radio , you do n't have an album out . You 've been singing cover songs and you have n't done anything really . You have to develop backwards as an artist . Become a celebrity first and figure out "  what kind of artist am I and where do I belong ? " CNN : How does your writing go these days ? Pickler : I just write about whatever I feel like that day . I do n't ever sit down with a plan .  Songwriter  Leslie Satcher told me -- and I never had anyone say this to me before -- she said "  you speak in lyrics . " And I said "  huh ? " She said "  you speak in lyrics . " The first time we ever wrote , she 's writing down everything I 'm saying . I do n't know how to write about anything else but what 's going on . I ca n't just go in and make some bulls *** up . I ca n't do that . It has to come from a real place or I ca n't write it . CNN : A couple of years ago , you penned a tune called "  Best Days of Your Life " with Taylor Swift . Have you all talked about doing anything more together ? Pickler : No we have n't . It 's been five years ago ... it feels like . We wrote that when we were out on tour with Brad Paisley and it seems like so long ago . But no , we have n't written since then . But even there , I stormed on our bus and I was upset about a boy and we just ended up writing about it . No intentions of writing , just talking and we started playing . Never thought anyone would hear it . CNN : That seems to be a theme with you . Write something you do n't think anyone 's going to hear , then release it . Pickler : Yeah . We 'll see . Maybe one day I can release and album called "  Work Takes " and it has all the song 's I 've written that nobody 's heard .	Last week Kellie Pickler released her third album , "  100 Proof , " a set of country songs "  I 've never worked harder on anything like I did this , " she said "  I 'd definitely say that my life is on this record , " she said
CNN  -- Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann formally announced her candidacy for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination Monday during an appearance in Waterloo , Iowa -- the city where she was born . Bachmann , a 55-year-old Tea Party favorite currently serving her third term in the House , told a crowd of supporters that Barack Obama 's presidency has been a failure . She promised to lead a new conservative revolution characterized by smaller government and a lower federal debt . "  Make no mistake about it : President Obama is a one-term president , " Bachmann declared . "  Together we can rein in all the corruption and waste that has become Washington and instead leave a better America for future generations . " Bachmann blasted Obama 's controversial 2009 economic stimulus plan , telling the crowd that "  spending our way out of this recession has n't worked . " Echoing Ronald Reagan 's famous refrain , the congresswoman asserted that "  more than ever , Washington is the problem . " "  The real solutions will come from our businesses , our communities , our schools and the most basic and powerful unit of all -- our families , " she proclaimed . While making a direct appeal to the Tea Party 's deficit hardliners , Bachmann also made a pitch to religious conservatives , praising the country 's past military victories in part by citing a line from the Bible : "  Greater love hath no man than this , but that he lay down his life for his friend . " Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt dismissed Bachmann 's claim she could lead a new economic recovery , arguing that "  her policies would erode the path to prosperity for middle class families . " Most political analysts consider Bachmann 's candidacy for the GOP nomination a long shot at best , as front-runner Mitt Romney cranks up a formidable campaign operation and fundraising machine . Few House members have proven to be nationally viable candidates in the past . On Sunday , Fox News Channel 's Chris Wallace asked Bachmann if she 's a "  flake " -- a question the congresswoman said she found insulting . Wallace later apologized . Regardless , Bachmann appears to have considerable appeal among Republicans in Iowa , which will host the nation 's first caucuses next winter . She finished a statistically insignificant one point behind Romney in a Des Moines Register Iowa poll released Saturday night . Romney , a former Massachusetts governor and familiar face from his 2008 bid , was favored by 23 % of the likely Iowa caucus-goers , while Bachmann was favored by 22 % of respondents . Former Godfather 's Pizza CEO Herman Cain -- like Bachmann , a Tea Party favorite -- received 10 % , while former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas each got 7 % . Bachmann , according to a number of observers , is believed to be banking on heavy support among Iowa 's influential evangelical voters to give her a breakthrough victory in Iowa and establish her as the main GOP alternative to Romney , who is still struggling to overcome skepticism among conservatives . To help accomplish that task , Bachmann has assembled a team of veteran political operatives . Among others , she hired Ed Rollins , who directed Reagan 's landslide re-election bid in 1984 and managed former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's 2008 effort , to run her operation . She has also brought in top-flight Republican talent like pollster Ed Goeas , who was working with Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour before Barbour decided not to seek the nomination . The congresswoman has also brought on board message maven Brett O'Donnell , who worked for President George W. Bush and for Sen. John McCain 's 2008 campaign . O'Donnell coached McCain running mate Sarah Palin before her high-stakes vice-presidential debate . Also aiding Bachmann are veteran consultant Bob Heckman , who has deep ties to the conservative movement ; former McCain campaign web guru Becki Donatelli ; and Tom McGill , a fundraiser for Bush 's 2004 campaign and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's 2008 bid . Asked about the steep challenge ahead , Bachmann boasted Sunday that she has a "  titanium spine for doing what we need to do . " She also stressed her sincerity -- a characteristic supporters hope will allow the congresswoman to draw a stark contrast with Romney , who is accused of being a politically opportunistic flip-flopper on abortion and other key issues . "  What people know about me is I do what I say and I say what I mean , " Bachmann said on Fox . "  I think people recognize I 'm very sincere in what I say . " Bachmann , who backs deep spending cuts to balance the federal budget , became defensive when asked Sunday about a Los Angeles Times report on federal money that benefited her family -- including nearly $ 30,000 for a counseling clinic operated by her husband and almost $ 260,000 for a family farm . The money did n't directly benefit her family , she explained , saying the $ 30,000 was for training employees , and the farm that got the $ 260,000 was owned by her father-in-law , so she and her husband did n't get any of it . Asked about another hot-button issue -- same-sex marriage -- Bachmann said she supported both the right of states to pass laws on the matter and the superseding authority of a federal constitutional amendment on the issue . Bachmann said New York 's state legislature and governor have the right under the Tenth Amendment to legalize gay marriage , which they did Friday night and early Saturday . But , Bachmann added , she also backs a federal constitutional amendment that would define marriage as between a man and a woman . In the end , Bachmann said , it would be better to settle the matter with citizens voting on a constitutional amendment rather than Supreme Court justices issuing a decision . Asked on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " whether she believes homosexuality is a choice , Bachmann said it was up to individuals to make their own decision and that she was n't judging anyone on the issue . She described herself as a Christian who gets guidance in her life and political career through prayer . She also challenged the widespread assertion -- backed by the White House , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and a host of economic analysts -- that a failure to raise the current $ 14.3 trillion federal debt ceiling by August 2 would have potentially dangerous economic consequences . "  It is scare tactics , " Bachmann said , adding that the government takes in plenty of money to pay the interest it owes on federal debt and avoid default . In that case , she conceded , other spending such as funding for the military would have to be cut . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , and Peter Hamby contributed to this report	Rep. Michele Bachmann has formally announced her presidential candidacy Bachmann made the announcement in Iowa -- home of the first caucuses Bachmann is considered a long shot , but is a Tea Party favorite She was virtually tied with Mitt Romney in Iowa in a recent Des Moines Register poll
It should have been a great morning for Richie Incognito . A brand new black Ferrari was delivered to his Florida house on Tuesday . Instead he is at the center of national media attention and exiled from his NFL team after a Miami Dolphins teammate made allegations of misconduct against him . Dolphins coach Joe Philbin suspended Incognito on Sunday night . "  You know , I 'm just trying to weather the storm right now . And this will pass , " he told CNN affiliate WSVN outside a doctor 's office in Weston , Florida , on Tuesday . Incognito said he did n't want to comment on media reports that he sent line-mate Jonathan Martin voice mails containing racial slurs and threats of physical violence . When asked about his status with the team , Incognito closed the door to his car without answering and drove away . ESPN , NFL.com and other media outlets reported that representatives for Martin on Sunday submitted the voice mails and texts to the league and the Dolphins . One of the messages , from April , contained a reference to Martin 's biracial background , according to ESPN 's sources . "  Hey , wassup , you half  expletive  piece of  expletive  . I saw you on Twitter , you been training 10 weeks . I 'll  expletive  in your  expletive  mouth . I 'm gon na slap your  expletive  mouth , I 'm gon na slap your real mother across the face  laughter  .  Expletive  you , you 're still a rookie . I 'll kill you . " Philbin told reporters on Monday he made the decision to suspend Incognito "  based on the information that I had at that time . " He did n't give a reason for the move . Martin left the team suddenly last week and has not commented publicly on why he walked away in the middle of the season . He remains on the team 's roster  meaning he will be paid for this week  , though last week he was listed as inactive with an "  illness . " Also Tuesday , celebrity gossip website TMZ posted a video of Incognito at a bar , shouting at the top of his lungs while pacing wildly around a pool table topless . He uses profanity and the N-word in referring to one of his teammates who is also there . Martin does n't appear in the video and TMZ only said the video was recorded earlier this year . CNN reached out multiple times to representatives for each player but has n't received comment . Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future Cafeteria incident sparked departure Last week , the Dolphins announced Martin had taken "  a leave of absence . " Philbin said Martin left the team after an incident at the team 's cafeteria . Jay Glazer , an NFL analyst for FoxSports.com , reported that some of his teammates got up from a lunch table as a joke when Martin sat down . The lineman threw his food tray hard to the ground , he reported . Glazer later tweeted the incident was a final straw for Martin . The coach said representatives for Martin contacted the team on Sunday with their concerns . The Dolphins spent Sunday gathering information , after which he suspended Incognito , Philbin said . Several media outlets said Martin had left the Dolphins because of bullying , something Incognito denied on Twitter . "  Shame on you for attaching my name to false speculation , " one of the tweets said , according to Bleacher Report . That tweet and others addressed to various media outlets were later deleted . A post from Sunday remained a day later : "  Three things can not be long hidden : the sun , the moon , and the truth -- Buddha . " Philbin said he met with Martin and also talked with members of his family before Sunday , and the second-year player did n't say anything about player misconduct . The team said Sunday in a statement that Incognito , a nine-year veteran at offensive guard , was suspended for detrimental conduct . "  We believe in maintaining a culture of respect for one another and as a result we believe this decision is in the best interest of the organization at this time , " the team said in a statement on its website . The Miami Herald reported that a Dolphins source said Incognito is "  done " with the team . A Dolphins spokesman had no comment . ` Teddy bear off the field ' Chris Draft played with Incognito when both were with the St. Louis Rams in 2007 and 2008 . Incognito 's on-field aggressive persona was nothing like his personality away from the playing field , Draft said . "  He was really kind of a big teddy bear off the field . My wife actually loved him , " he said . The Sporting News takes a yearly poll of NFL players , and in 2009 they dubbed Incognito the dirtiest player in the league . The Rams released Incognito in December 2009 after an argument during a game with then-head coach Steve Spagnuolo . He played with the Buffalo Bills for three games before joining the Dolphins . Incognito , who played in the Pro Bowl all-star game in January , appeared to have calmed down on the field , according to a profile on NFL.com . Incognito pointed to meditation as a positive tool he used . The NFL will review the case , league spokesman Greg Aiello said Monday . "  I will tell you that if the review shows that this is not a safe atmosphere I will take whatever measures are necessary to assure that it is , " Philbin said . "  I have that obligation to the players that I coach on a daily basis . " The NFL Players Association has said the union has not started an investigation . NFL 's pecking order Dolphins rookie Will Davis said he has n't experienced any acts of bullying or hazing . "  I think a lot of people think of hazing as being cruel , but I do n't see anything like that in this locker room , " he said . "  But it depends on how you take hazing . I 've always thought the guys in here were great . " He said everyone on the team loves Incognito . "  I was shocked , " he said . Wide receiver Mike Wallace said there was a lot of respect for both players . "  I know both of those guys personally , " he said . "  I feel like they are both good guys . " Former Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder told "  Piers Morgan Live " that a locker room is often a place where players are trying to establish a pecking order . People can not compare it to working at a regular job , he said , because it involves physically aggressive men with big egos competing and trying to prove their manhood . NFL players are "  a bunch of testosterone-filled alpha males who are trying to find their place on the totem pole , " he told Morgan . He said when Incognito joined the team , he would test people to see where he stood with them . "  He is a guy that needs to know his place with you , " Crowder said . Incognito also apparently liked to play pranks . In a segment shown on an HBO series that follows one NFL team during each preseason , Incognito figured out a teammate 's iPad password . He then teased the player about a status update he made for the player and joked about the player 's fiancee . "  Hard Knocks " has given audiences a look inside team dynamics , sometimes giving viewers a glimpse at life for rookies . And inevitably some of the younger players get hazed . Hazing on the decline ? Still , former Dolphins running back Ricky Williams said it occurs less frequently in the NFL than most people think . "  Really I have n't seen much hazing , " he said in an interview on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " He said it 's a well-known "  rite of passage " for a high draft pick to pick up a big dinner bill for some other players on the team . "  Once you sign that contract there 's a lot of rules , written and unwritten , that you are expected to follow , " he said . "  For me , this is something that should be handled internally . I do n't think the media , I do n't think fans , I do n't think anyone outside is really in a position to really fully understand what occurs inside of a locker room and inside of a football team . "	Suspended lineman Richie Incognito says this storm will pass Teammate who alleged misconduct after leaving Dolphins will be paid this week NFL is investigating whether there was hazing or bullying Coach says he was never told about any possible misconduct
CNN  -- The flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol on September 11 , 2001 , was destroyed in a fire at the headquarters of the Shanksville , Pennsylvania , memorial to United Airlines Flight 93 , the National Park Service said Saturday . The blaze Friday destroyed the headquarters complex of Flight 93 National Memorial , dedicated to the 40 passengers and crew who died when Flight 93 crashed outside the town in southwestern Pennsylvania during the deadliest terror attack on U.S. soil . The plane went down , killing all on board , as passengers fought back against the hijackers , according to investigations . Investigators said the terrorists were most likely trying to turn the airplane toward Washington to hit a major political target , such as the Capitol . In a statement , the National Park Service said the items that survived the fire included the majority of 820 oral histories conducted since 2005 , the archival photo collection and 480 DVDs containing tens of thousands of images of the crash scene , investigation , temporary memorials and construction of the permanent memorial . "  Unfortunately , the flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol on September 11 , 2001 , was destroyed , " the statement said . The flag was donated by former House Speaker Dennis Hastert during last month 's 9/11 anniversary ceremony at the crash site . Also lost in the fire were a handful of personal items of passengers and crew recovered from the crash site and from families , copies of DVDs of the annual commemoration ceremonies and meetings of the memorial 's federal advisory commission , and about 100 "  tribute items " to the passengers and crew left by visitors since 2001 . NPS spokesman Mike Litterst said the fire was being jointly investigated by the National Park Service and Pennsylvania State Police . The cause has not been determined . Litterst told CNN affiliate WJAC that the buildings had fire alarms but no sprinklers . Some charred documents have blown away from the fire scene and can be found on the grounds , Litterst said . "  We 've got museum recovery teams to help us salvage items that may be smoke damaged or fire damages , " he said . A memorial employee , who is also a member of the Shanksville Volunteer Fire Department , suffered minor first-degree burns attempting to extinguish the blaze , which started about 3 p.m. Friday . "  We continue to be grateful that there was no loss of life to visitors or employees , especially given the speed with which the fire engulfed the structures , " Litterst said in the statement . Ken Nacke , whose brother Louis was on Flight 93 , helped raise funds for the Flight 93 National Memorial and advised in its planning . "  It 's heartbreaking that we spent all this time to have this happen , " he said Friday . "  All the blood sweat and tears that went into building this . " Neither the memorial itself nor the new visitor center currently under construction -- both located about two miles from the headquarters -- were affected , Litterst said . The memorial 's visitor center will include traditional and interactive exhibits , public programs and information about the history of Flight 93 . United Airlines Flight 93 was traveling from Newark , New Jersey , to San Francisco when hijackers took over the plane , according to the 9/11 Commission . Since 2001 , more than 1 million people from around the world have visited the crash site . What you need to know about the Flight 93 National Memorial CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Deanna Hackney and Laura Bernardini contributed to this report .	Flag that flew over U.S. Capitol on 9/11 is destroyed in a fire Friday 's blaze destroyed headquarters of Flight 93 National Memorial in Pennsylvania Headquarters complex is about two miles from the memorial Flight 93 crashed on September 11 , 2001 , after hijackers took over the plane
CNN  -- Spain 's defence of their European Championship crown got off to an uncertain start as Vicente del Bosque 's side had to come from behind in a 1-1 draw with Italy . The World Cup holders lost their opening game in South Africa two years ago against Switzerland and when Antonio di Natale gave Italy a second-half lead another upset threatened . Cesc Fabregas quickly equalised but Sunday 's game in Gdansk provided evidence that the winners of Euro 2008 have work to do if they are to become the first team to win three successive major international tournaments . Spain next face Republic of Ireland on Thursday , and the Irish lie bottom of Group C after a 3-1 defeat at the hands of an impressive Croatia in Poznan . Striker Mario Mandzukic scored twice with headers , either side of a Nikica Jelavic goal for Croatia , and Slaven Bilic 's side now lead the group with Ireland facing an uphill battle to qualify for the quarter-finals . Spain 1-1 Italy Spain coach Del Bosque chose not to play a recognised forward preferring to pack his team with creative midfielders -- much like Barcelona -- with the likes of Andres Iniesta , David Silva and Fabreas breaking quickly from midfield . If this formation allowed Spain plenty of possession it was also a tactical set-up that was relatively vwell contained by Italy 's organisation . Iniesta tested Gianluigi Buffon with an early shot and later in the first half went close as he tried to lob the Italian goalkeeper , while Leonardo Bonucci well timed tackle prevented Fabregas from testing Buffon . Not that Italy were solely content to sit back and soak up Spain 's attacks - far from it -- and Iker Casillas was probably the busier of the two goalkeepers . In the opening half the Real Madrid goalkeeper stopped two shots from Antonio Cassano , as well as an Andrea Pirlo free-kick , though the pick of the Spanish keepers 's saves came just before the interval when he reacted quickly to push away Thiago Motta 's goalbound header . Early in the second half Mario Balotelli should have given Italy the lead following a mistake by Sergio Ramos but the Manchester City striker dawdled allowing the Spanish defender to retrieve the ball . Almost immediately Italy coach Cesare Prandelli withdrew Balotelli , replacing him with Di Natale . Within three minutes the switch produced immediate results as Pirlo sent Di Natale clear with the Udinese forward curling the ball past Casillas . Italy 's goal provoked an equally swift response from the defending champions as David Silva 's flick flummoxed the Italian defence allowing Fabregas to sweep the ball past Buffon . Finally Del Bosque decided it was time to bring on a foward , introducing Fernando Torres , who probably should have done better when he was sent clear by Jesus Navas ' pass . Soon afterwards Torres was sent clear for a second time but his attempted lob went over the bar . Croatia 3-1 Republic of Ireland Sunday 's second Group C contest was supposed to take second billing , but in torrential rain in Poznan the Croatians laid down a marker for the tournament with a clinical display against the Republic of Ireland . It had been 10 years since the Irish last qualified for a major tournament and their noisy fans seemed keen to make up for lost time , but with less than three minutes gone they were silenced by a Croatia goal . Ireland 's marking went missing as Mandzukic was given all the time in the world to head Darijo Srna 's deflected right-wing cross into the net , with Irish keeper Shay Given struggling to get across his line . The goal temporarily stunned Ireland but they always carried a threat from set-pieces which eventually brought them an equaliser . Aiden McGeady 's wickedly inswinging free-kick from the left caught Vedran Corluka cold at the back post , as Sean St Ledger sneaked in to head past Croatia keeper Stipe Pletikosa . It was the Croatians ' turn to look rattled but the game was opening up beautifully as both teams saw the value in going for victory and three vital points with matches against holders Spain and Italy still to come . Croatia coach Bilic leaves his post after the tournament after a successful six-year spell in charge and three minutes before half-time , he saw his team take a lead that this time they would not relinquish . More sloppy Ireland defending led to Stephen Ward slicing a clearance straight into the path of Jelavic , and as he showed last season at Everton , the striker is a deadly finisher inside the penalty area as he clipped calmly over Given . Soon after half-time it was all over as a lightning-quick Croatia break led to Mandzukic 's header coming back off the post , hitting Given on the back of his head and -- unfortunately for the Ireland goalkeeper -- rolling into the net , though the Wolfsburg forward was given the goal . Ireland tried hard to find a way back into the match and Robbie Keane had an appeal for a penalty turned down , but Croatia were too strong and held on with ease to move top of Group C ahead of a meeting with Italy in Poznan on Thursday .	Defending European champions Spain draw 1-1 with Italy Antonio Di Natale gives Italy the lead , before Cesc Fabregas equalises Croatia move top of Group C after a 3-1 win over the Republic of Ireland Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic scored twice with headers
Sakura , Japan  CNN  -- Residents of northern Japan streamed south from their earthquake-stricken hometowns Saturday , crowding stores in search of vital supplies as rescue teams worked north toward the historic quake 's epicenter . Roads and buildings showed cracks as far away as 200 kilometers  125 miles  from Sendai , the closest city to the epicenter . One man told CNN the scene in towns hit by the quake and the resulting tsunami was "  unimaginable . " Shoppers were polite but tense as they sought food , water and gasoline from stores , where shelves were quickly emptied and pumps soon ran dry . A slow , steady line of cars trickled south from the disaster zone as people either left the area or shuttled to the stores , many of which were without power and had broken glass scattered down the aisles . Japan 's major highways , large sections of which are elevated , have been closed since the magnitude 8.9-quake struck off the northeastern coast Friday afternoon . Automobile traffic crawled on smaller , two-lane roads as power outages left the sleek , electric-powered "  bullet trains " -- shining examples of Japan 's advanced technology , usually capable of speeds nearing 200 mph -- sitting motionless on their tracks . Closer to the heart of the disaster , collapsed phone lines and towers left communications spotty . Roads and airfields were washed out by the tsunami ; rescue workers headed to the stricken region had to rely on helicopters . Video from Sendai showed people trapped in the second floors of homes , waving sheets of white cloth in hopes of drawing rescue workers . Residents who have been able to call out reported gas and water were unavailable for a radius well beyond the city of about 1 million . In Minamisoma , a city about 90 kilometers  56 miles  south of Sendai , all that was left of many structures were their foundations . Only concrete and steel buildings appeared to have withstood the wash . No people were visible in the streets of the town , whose population on Friday had been 70,000 . The quake and resulting tsunami left behind hundreds dead by early Saturday , and that number was expected to climb sharply . Tokyo , about 370 kilometers  230 miles  from the epicenter , was spared major damage from the quake . But power outages and highway closures paralyzed the city as its transit network was shut down . Commuters who usually pack the city 's subways and suburban trains in the city of 13 million tried to flag down taxis , hitch rides or walk home . The roads leading out of Tokyo were clogged by traffic jams that trapped some drivers for up to six hours . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Stocks of food , water and gasoline are running thin in the quake zone Power outages idle Japan 's sleek "  bullet trains " Transit shutdown paralyzes Tokyo after the quake
CNN  -- In the biggest crackdown on police corruption in the FBI 's 102-year history , authorities charged a total of 133 individuals in Puerto Rico Wednesday as the result of a probe into whether police provided protection for drug dealers . All but four people , who were still being sought , were arrested Wednesday , authorities said . In all , 89 law enforcement officers and 44 other people were indicted as part of a two-year undercover investigation into 125 drug transactions . The scope of Operation Guard Shack was also described as unprecedented because 750 FBI personnel were flown to the island to carry out the raids and make arrests , Attorney General Eric Holder said . In total , he said , more than 1,000 FBI personnel participated . The investigation began when an undercover FBI agent posed as a dealer selling multiple kilograms of cocaine and "  put the word out that he needed security during drug deals , " the FBI said on its website . "  Many of those who responded were cops . They actively took part in the transactions by carrying weapons and patting down the drug buyers -- who were actually FBI informants . " The cops were paid between $ 500 and $ 4,500 for their efforts , the FBI said . "  In all , more than $ 500,000 was paid in protection money . " Puerto Rico is a major shipping point for drugs between the East Coast and such South American countries as Colombia and Peru , said Rosa Emilia Rodriguez-Velez , the U.S. attorney for Puerto Rico . She described the corruption as limited to a relatively small number of officers "  who wanted to make a fast buck ... and needed the money . " "  The people of Puerto Rico deserve better , " Holder said . He told Puerto Ricans that "  as you continue your fight against drug trafficking , violent crime and corruption , we will continue to stand with you . " The 133 defendants have been charged in 26 indictments with charges that include conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute more than 5 kilograms of cocaine , attempt to possess with intent to distribute more than 5 kilograms of cocaine , and use of a firearm during the commission of a drug trafficking offense . A grand jury in Puerto Rico returned the indictments last month , and they were unsealed Wednesday , officials said . Arrested were 60 members of the Puerto Rico Police Department , 16 members of various local police departments , 12 correctional officers , eight former law officers , three National Guard soldiers , two U.S. Army officers , one administrative examiner in child support matters , one Social Security Administration employee and 30 other civilians . The operations began at 3 a.m. ET Wednesday , the FBI said , when 65 tactical teams fanned out across the island , the FBI said . FBI personnel on hand included crisis negotiators , evidence response team members , police dogs and their handlers and 80 medical personnel , including a trauma surgeon and a veterinarian . They traveled in armored Humvees , helicopters and some 250 rental cars , the FBI said . Some Puerto Rican police officers assisted in the investigation into alleged law enforcement corruption , said Rodriguez-Velez . "  They refused to tolerate the corruption they witnessed , " she said . Puerto Rico Police Department Chief Figueroa Sancha knew of the investigation , the FBI said , quoting him as saying , "  All the officers arrested during today 's takedown did not honor or value the significance of working for the Puerto Rico Police Department . " Not all of the law enforcement officers arrested knew each other , according to Rodriguez-Velez , and they came from different parts of the island . A police lieutenant was involved in recruiting others to provide protection for the drug dealers , she said . "  Badges were sold and honor was compromised for drug money , " she added . "  Public corruption does not just strike at the heart of good government . It also jeopardizes the security of our communities and our nation , " Shawn Henry , FBI executive assistant director , said in a statement . If convicted , the defendants face sentences ranging from 10 years to life imprisonment , according to the Justice Department . "  This is a fight that can not be won without the assistance of our community , " said Rodriguez-Velez . "  Today , I call upon the citizens of the community not to remain silent . " CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say cops received $ 500,000 in payments More than 1,000 FBI personnel participated in arrests Some Puerto Rican police officers assisted in investigation , U.S. attorney says Grand jury indictments , returned last month , were unsealed Wednesday
CNN  Javier Hirschfeld has a thing for eyes . He is gripped by unflinching stares , by looks that belie dignity and poise . "  Even in street landscapes , I like pictures where the building is looking back at you , " admits the Spanish photographer . It was this fascination that inspired him to photograph the women of Goree Island , off the coast of Senegal . "  The powerful eyes of those girls ; they are very dark and very deep . That 's what attracted me to them , " he recalls . The women and the landscape reminded him of a powerful portraitist who defined much of his childhood : Spanish painter Julio Romero de Torres . "  La Chiquita Piconera is  de Torres '  most famous painting , and one of the most famous paintings in the Spanish tradition , " he says . "  In the history of art , when women are portrayed , most of the time they 're being looked at . I like portraits of women that look back at you , and the woman in La Chiquita Piconera is looking back with a lot of dignity and a lot of strength . " Another defining feature of de Torre 's paintings , says Hirschfeld , is the melancholy housed in their expressions . He found a similar sentiment in the Goree 's architecture . "  You can see that same melancholy in the crumbling buildings on the island , " he says . The ` universal portrait ' Though the influence is Spanish , the props , the fabrics , the models and the setting are all local to Senegal . Rather than recreate the Andalusian fashions donned by the women in de Torres ' portraits , Hirschfeld picked fabrics from the Senegalese markets , and had dresses made by tailors on the island . "  In Senegal , they have an amazing tradition of tailors , and they work really fast . In one day , they can create these beautiful dresses , which you can see in the pictures , " he says . Hirschfeld 's subjects also hold objects that reflect their culture . In de Torres ' painting , "  The Fortune-telling , " for instance , one woman uses playing cards to give a psychic reading to her friend . In Hirschfeld 's version , his models use cowrie shells , a traditional Senegalese fortune-telling tool . "  I wanted to show that some emotions are universal , and create a more universal portrait , but I also wanted to create a more Senegalese scene , " he says .	Photographer Javier Hirschfeld recreates portraits by modern Spanish painter Julio Romero de Torres using Senegalese locals Though the influence is Spanish , the props , the fabrics , the models and the setting are all local to Senegal
CNN  -- World motorcycling champion Casey Stoner is determined to show he is still the man to beat in 2012 , having set the early pace ahead of the MotoGP season 's opening race in Qatar on Sunday . The 26-year-old Australian led the pack at Thursday 's first practice session at Losail , and was also fastest at the first of two runs on Friday . The Honda rider was followed by Yamaha 's 2010 world champion Jorge Lorenzo of Italy in both outings . Ducati 's American rider Nicky Hayden , another to have won the championship , finished third on Thursday -- while Honda 's Andrea Dovizioso was in that position after Friday 's opener . Stoner has been in sparkling form during pre-season testing along with Spanish teammate Dani Pedrosa , who was fourth last year after an injury-hit season . "  We started this evening with huge chatter issues and I was a little afraid we could n't fix this but after a few more exits we managed to reduce it to a more comfortable level , " Stoner , who has won the world title with two different teams , said on the MotoGP website after Thursday 's session . "  This is a positive point for the weekend but with such a short session it 's slightly strange . It was an okay start . " Marco Simoncelli : The motorcycling star who shined so bright In contrast , it was a slow start for Valentino Rossi , a seven-time world champion in the sport 's premier class , who finished the Thursday session in 10th place and the same again in Friday 's first run . The Italian rider will be hoping to make a comeback after a disappointing 2011 season , his first with Ducati after a long period of dominance at Yamaha . Rossi and teammate Hayden must also familiarize themselves with the still-new Desmosedici GP12 machines . "  I used the hard tire the whole session , trying to do a lot of laps in order to understand it . The new tire is much better for warming up , so good for safety , but it started to slide a lot after some laps and made some of the under-steer worse , " Rossi said . "  We have to work with the setting and also the electronics . The soft will be important for Saturday  qualifying  , but the hard will be the tire for the race . "	Two-time world champion Casey Stoner wins first practice session of the MotoGP opener in Qatar The Honda rider was followed by Yamaha 's Jorge Lorenzo and Ducati 's Nicky Hayden Stoner struggles against chatter issues but manages to take the race in 1 ' 54.474 Valentino Rossi hopes to turn around a disappointing year , finishing 10th
CNN  -- Following the shootings at Fort Hood , Texas , in November 2009 , the attempted car bomb in Times Square in May and a number of other domestic cases , including the recent arrest of a Somali-American teenager in Portland , Oregon , U.S. security agencies are sharply focused on the potential "  radicalization " of American-Muslims and how to prevent it . Many look across the Atlantic to the experience of Britain . Following the July 2005 attacks on London 's transport system , a "  counter-radicalization " strategy known as Preventing Violent Extremism was introduced . Dubbed Prevent for short , the strategy aims to intervene in the dynamics of Muslim communities to win over hearts and minds and secure allegiance to Western liberal democracy . Prevent has two prongs . First , it seeks to sponsor moderate Muslim organizations to oppose "  the ideology of violent extremism "  a British government phrase that is deliberately obscure  and promote accommodation with the West . Hundreds of millions of pounds of government funding have been made available to those willing to take on this task . Second , it seeks to profile individuals suspected of drifting toward "  radicalization , " that is , the adoption of extremist ideas . Through an elaborate system of surveillance involving teachers and youth workers among others , would-be radicals are identified and given counseling , mentoring and religious instruction in an attempt to divert them from their extremist views . Many in Washington tout a Prevent-like program as an essential weapon in what they see as the "  war within , " the next phase of America 's War on Terror . Governments can not wait , they argue , until terrorist ideas turn into terrorist actions ; there has to be some form of intervention earlier in the process to discourage those ideas from circulating . And in a liberal society , where ideas themselves can not easily be criminalized , something like Prevent is a viable and necessary alternative , they argue . With the U.S. government already dedicating vast resources to profiling would-be extremists and recruiting Muslim groups as homeland security partners , the building blocks of an American version of Prevent are already in place . But in Britain , the harm done by Prevent has far outweighed any advantages . I spent a year researching the effects of Prevent on England 's Muslim communities . I got documents detailing the full extent of the surveillance involved and spoke to community leaders , grassroots activists , women and young people . There was overwhelming concern that the policy construed the entire British Muslim population -- roughly two million citizens -- as uniquely and collectively responsible for preventing terrorist incidents . That perception was graphically illustrated by Preventing Violent Extremism funding , which was allocated in direct proportion to the number of Muslims in each local authority area , counted according to the 2001 census  the first to include a question on religion  . As it became clear that the program constructed Muslims as a suspect community , more and more of the government 's Muslim community partners began to disengage . In addition , sponsoring moderates to promote the government 's anti-extremist message meant , in practice , funding religious scholars and imams to advance an official interpretation of Islam . In this way , Prevent involved state intervention in theological debates about the true meaning of religion , a paradoxical violation of the very secular principles that Muslims were otherwise being exhorted to uphold . More generally , the government 's search for moderate Muslims often seemed like a search for Muslims who agreed with it , which meant that "  moderate " Muslims were quite hard to find . The vague language of "  moderate " and "  extremist " was easily exploited to silence nonconformist views , whether from an Islamist ideological viewpoint or simply individual opinions about Britain 's foreign policy . This in turn undermined precisely the sort of radical democratic dissent that might have been helpful in winning people away from those who said democracy was pointless , particularly as teachers and youth workers were pressured to inform the police of young Muslims expressing radical views . The level of distrust and alienation that Prevent generated among British Muslim communities has by now become clear , leading to the recent announcement of a review of the policy by the new coalition government . But it remains to be seen whether policymakers in London and Washington will interpret Prevent 's failures as resulting from the bad implementation of a fundamentally sound idea or as the inevitable product of the program 's flawed assumptions . The underlying problem with the Prevent strategy is that it assumes that a democratic government can impose political or religious opinions on its own citizens . In the 21st century , such an approach is bound to backfire . Western governments are right to recognize that political legitimacy is a key asset in countering terrorism . After all , in the majority of cases since 9/11 , including the recent Oregon arrest , the original intelligence has come from Muslim communities . But governments will find it easier to gain the allegiance of Muslims if they take democratic principles more seriously when it comes to criticism of their foreign policy and refrain from demonizing whole communities . If , on the other hand , they launch ideological campaigns against a minority among their own citizens , they inevitably conjure memories of the last century 's witch hunts of communists and black nationalists . And then any hope of winning hearts and minds is lost . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arun Kundnani .	Arun Kundnani : Some urge a U.S. government program aimed at extreme Muslim views He says a British program known as "  Prevent " has done more harm than good He says government should not target the entire Muslim community Government interference in religious debate and views is unwise , he says
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Three American crew members died when a Zimbabwean cargo plane crashed early Saturday at Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport , the U.S. Embassy in Beijing said . The embassy said one of the injured crew members was also an American . The crash happened at about 8:15 a.m.  7:15 p.m. ET Friday  during takeoff in Shanghai , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . The plane was destined for Harare , Zimbabwe , said the agency . The NTSB is sending an investigation team to site of the accident . Four other people on the plane were seriously injured , and the cause of the crash is not yet known , the NTSB said . Earlier , China 's official Xinhua news agency reported that the plane was on its way to Kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeoff . Thick smoke was seen billowing from the crash site .	Three Americans die when cargo plane crashes at Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport Three people who died were among seven crew members on plane Plane was on its way to Kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeoff
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Bangladesh 's high court has declared the registration of the country 's largest Islamist party , the Jamaat-e-Islami , illegal . Jamaat is one of two main opposition parties and a constant thorn in the side of the ruling Awami League . With the declaration , Jamaat will not be able to take part in the country 's upcoming general election -- certainly welcome news to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina . Opinion : Bangladesh on the brink But such a ruling can also reignite a fresh round of political unrest in the South Asian nation . Drumbeat gets louder Jaamat enjoys considerable support , particularly in rural areas . And periodically , it will summon the masses to swarm the capital city , Dhaka , as a reminder . But in recent months , the drumbeat to ban Jamaat has gotten louder , especially from progressive groups that point to the party 's role during Bangladesh 's struggle for independence in the early 1970s . Read more : Bangladesh Islamists rally for blasphemy law Between one million and 3 million people were killed in the nine-month war . In 2010 , Bangladesh set up a court that it called the International Crimes Tribunal to bring to justice those it accused in the massacre . Among those the court has convicted of crimes against humanity are several top Jamaat leaders . Jamaat acknowledges that it opposed Bangladesh 's struggle for independence , but it has decried what it calls a smear campaign . It has also questioned why the ruling Awami League is only now pressing forward on war crimes trials when it did n't do so while in power during the 1970s and 1990s . A petition to ban The court case calling for its ban resulted from a petition filed in 2009 by Bangladesh Tariquat Foundation , a Sufi organization that wants to make Bangladesh a secular nation . Read more : American says he would die for justice in Bangladesh The petition said Jamaat is a religiously-steeped political entity that actively worked to undermine the independence movement . The Awami League has sided with those calling for a ban . "  We 're examining all possible ways of doing it , " the law minister said in February . Fear of violence But the fear of violence igniting from such a ruling is all-too-real . Every time one of Jamaat 's top leaders have been convicted by the war crimes tribunals , angry Jamaat supporters have clashed with police . Since February , at least 150 protesters have been killed and at least 2,00 wounded in such clashes , the Human Rights Watch said in a report released Thursday . The group laid the blame on security personnel using excessive force .	Jamaat is one of two main opposition parties With ban , it ca n't take part in upcoming general election The petition says Jamaat is religiously-steeped The potential for violence is all-too-real
CNN  -- The family of Bob Levinson , who disappeared from Iran seven years ago , has long known he worked for the CIA -- a fact they once feared disclosing because the U.S. government told them it could put Levinson in even more jeopardy . Now , they believe it could be the key to bringing him home . Members of Levinson 's family offered the revelation in an interview with CNN on Tuesday , in which they accused the U.S. government of failing to do enough to find and free the missing American and prodded it to act before it 's too late . The family said it 's time for the government to lay out the facts about Levinson 's case . "  I hope they are hearing our request that  U.S. government officials  acknowledge what he was doing over there and they understand that the family does want this acknowledged now , " the missing man 's son , Dan Levinson , said . "  And we think it would be more of a positive step to getting him home . " U.S. officials have consistently denied publicly that Levinson was working for the government . At the same time , they have repeatedly insisted finding him and bringing him home is a "  top " priority . Kerry : Levinson not ` abandoned ' in Iran "  We obviously stand with the family who are the ones who live with every single day that their husband or their father is n't home with them , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  So we are using every tool at our disposal to help bring him home to his family . We ca n't , obviously , talk about those . " White House officials have said they believe any recognition Levinson worked for the U.S. government is counterproductive . While Iran has consistently denied knowing where Levinson is , the family provided CNN with copies of documents they described as an arrest order and a memo saying Levinson had been diagnosed with diabetes , was transferred to a hospital and had fallen into a coma . The family said they obtained the documents from a source in Iran . They acknowledge they can not authenticate the documents , but the family said they were provided a translation by the FBI and have been told the names of the officials listed on the document are real . Absent any other word about their missing loved one , it 's the closest they have to proof that he was arrested and could remain in Iranian hands . But Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs Mohammad Javad Zarif Wednesday said he had not seen the documents and repeated that the government has no knowledge of Levinson 's whereabouts . "  I have not seen anything that could prove that he was ever in Iran , " he said Wednesday in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Jim Sciutto . "  In fact , we have seen evidence ... he was last seen alive outside Iran , with pictures showing that he was outside Iran when he was last seen . It 's a very unfortunate case . We 've said clearly that we have no knowledge of his whereabouts ... We need the United States to explain for Iran what a CIA operative was doing , if he was ever in Iranian territory , what was he doing in Iranian territory . " The Levinson family said Wednesday they "  would be very happy to provide Minister Zarif with the documents as soon as possible , and any other information he may need so that Bob can safely return home to us . " Dan Levinson said the family believes getting his father 's work history out into the open gives them the best chance of reuniting with him once again . Bob Levinson , now 65 , had gone to Iran on a mission to investigate corruption involving Iranian officials , according to an e-mail obtained by the family . Levinson disappeared shortly after arriving and has not been heard from since a 2010 video . His situation gained renewed urgency in December , when The Associated Press and the Washington Post reported that he was working as an independent CIA contractor when he disappeared . Reports : Missing American worked for CIA The CNN interview was the Levinson family 's first since these news reports publicly revealed the retired FBI agent was working as a CIA contractor at the time of his disappearance . The family 's attorney , David McGee , said documents show "  without a shadow of a doubt " that Levinson was a contract CIA operative who traveled extensively overseas recruiting and interviewing sources . One detail provided Tuesday to CNN includes an e-mail the family said was sent by Levinson to CIA officials discussing an investigation of Iranian corruption and discussion over the cost of his work . "  In connection with ongoing research I am conducting for an analytical report on the foreign investment of kickback and bribe monies of top Iranian government officials , an individual with detailed knowledge of this subject , with whom I have been in contact by phone and e-mail over the past year , has agreed to meet with me , " the document reads . "  This meeting will take place either in Dubai or on an island nearby and should cost about two or three thousand dollars . " The family said the CIA at first lied to them about the trip . But after the family 's lawyer discovered documents , including e-mails between Levinson and his handlers , the family said the CIA admitted Levinson was working undercover in Iran . Eventually , three CIA employees -- including Levinson 's handler -- were fired and seven others disciplined in connection with the case . The CIA paid the family $ 2.5 million to avoid a lawsuit , McGee told CNN . The Justice Department is still investigating the CIA with an eye toward possible obstruction charges involving allegations that officials lied to the Senate Intelligence Committee about Levinson 's status . The agency declined comment Tuesday . Levinson 's wife , Christine Levinson , said the FBI is working the case hard , but the government overall should be doing more . "  We thought that they would do the right thing and get him home as soon as possible , " she said . "  Unfortunately they have n't done anything , and this has been going on through two administrations , and nothing has gotten him home . And we do n't know why . " The missing man 's wife said the government should be using unspecified "  intermediaries " to help negotiate a release . "  We have asked them in the past , and unfortunately we have not been able to get any intermediaries over there to Iran to work on the case , " she said . "  And now is the time for the United States government to authorize someone to do this . " The government has been treating the disappearance as a criminal case more than one requiring negotiation to resolve , according to McGee , the Levinson family 's lawyer . "  This is something far beyond a criminal investigation , but there are people who have experience , who have the training , and who have the contacts and who have the history who can contact the Iranians , who can deal with the Iranians in good faith , who have the trust of the Iranians who should be brought into this and they have not been brought in yet , " he said . "  And that 's one of our frustrations . " Who is Bob Levinson ? Levinson 's family hopes to return to Iran soon to press authorities to investigate the documents and provide more information . "  The Iranians have the documents , " Christine Levinson said . "  They have done nothing with them . They have not told us anything since we gave them to them . We would like to do the investigation ourselves if they are not able to do it . " Zarif told CNN , "  If there is any hope or any use for this , Iran will consider it . " Levinson 's family said Tuesday that they hope Iran 's new president , Hassan Rouhani , will be more willing to help than his predecessor . "  What better way could he show the world that he is all about human rights and wants to do humanitarian deeds by helping a normal American family who is not political , who is not who has no concern other than getting their father home , " Dan Levinson said . "  He has the power to do that , he has the power to talk to these people , put us in touch with these people and find out what happened to my father and send him home . " Americans detained abroad CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Julia Lull and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	U.S. government has failed to do enough to free him , Bob Levinson 's family says Family says documents strongly suggest Iranian officials arrested him The family want U.S. to acknowledge Levinson 's work with CIA ; officials have not Being up-front "  would be more of a positive step to getting him home , " son says
CNN  -- Spanish motorcycling star Dani Pedrosa has had successful surgery to remove a titanium plate from his shoulder , it was announced on Wednesday . The Honda rider , second in last year 's MotoGP world championship , had the plate inserted last October after suffering a double fracture to his collarbone in the Japanese Grand Prix . The 25-year-old experienced numbness during Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix , so chose to have the operation during a break in the 2011 calendar . The next race in the elite division 's season is not until May 1 in Portugal because this year 's race in Japan was canceled due to the devastation caused by last month 's earthquake and tsunami . "  Dani Pedrosa has undergone successful surgery at Teknon Medical Center , in Barcelona , to decompress his left subclavian artery and is expected to recover satisfactorily , " the official MotoGP website reported . "  In order to release the arterial compression , the titanium plate and the screws fixed to the collarbone have been removed . "  Pedrosa will remain in hospital for a further 48 hours to continue treatment with analgesia and anti-inflammatories . " The Sabadell native will be assessed by doctors next week to decide if he will be fit for the next round of competition in Estoril . Pedrosa , who moved up to MotoGP class in 2006 , is currently second in the standings after two races thanks to his second-place finish last weekend in Jerez . He is nine points behind his compatriot Jorge Lorenzo of Yamaha , the reigning champion , who won his home race for the second year in a row . A two-time 250cc class world champion and once titleholder in the 125cc class , Pedrosa has won 12 races at the highest level but is yet to claim his maiden title .	Honda Repsol rider Dani Pedrosa has successful surgery to remove metal plate Pedrosa had the plate inserted after suffering a shoulder injury at 2010 Japanese Grand Prix The Spaniard is currently second in the MotoGP standings after two races
CNN  -- From color-popping dresses to bold prints and shapes , Afro-centric designs have been storming catwalks in recent years , catching the eye of fashionistas across the world . But for many international consumers , especially those with no access to shops dedicated to African brands , it can often be hard to get their hands on designer garments from the continent . As a result , more and more African designers are taking their lines to the web in a bid to reach out to a larger market . And while many are setting up their own websites , others rely on internet boutiques which have more experience navigating the online market . One such store is My Asho -- launched in June 2009 , this UK-based web boutique carries the work of established and up-and-coming African designers , giving them a chance to showcase their creations to a wider audience . Founder Dolapo Shobanjo says she started My Asho -- taken from the Yoruba word "  aso " which means cloth -- when she realized that African designers were not getting the promotion they deserved . "  I contacted the top designers , I spoke to them and asked them about their struggle and how difficult it is for them , " says Shobanjo . "  That 's really how it got started , so to create that credible infrastructure is to show the global demand for the products and that will kick start the productions . " Today , My Asho stocks a variety of womenswear , children 's clothes and accessories from more than 30 African designers . Shobanjo says she is very careful when it comes to selecting new designers , making sure they have high professional standards . "  We 're very happy to add new people in the site but we have to ensure that the designers we add are serious , " she says . "  There are a lot of people out there who claim to be African designers but it 's more like ` oh , I have a tailor who can sew very well and who can copy items , ' so we have to distinguish between copy-cats and people doing this as a hobby . " One of the designers featured on the site is Erzumah Ackerson who runs clothing label Bestow Elan . She says My Asho is an ideal platform for her work , helping her to make her creations more visible as well as boost demand . "  I think there 's still an element of investment that still needs to be done so we are recognized on an international as well as mainstream platform but I think My Asho is a perfect platform because since I 've been on there , I 've had a lot of international buyers and got into mainstream magazines . " And as this digital expansion is helping create more demand , many African designers are now having to keep up in their supply . Titi Ademola , a Ghana-based designer who is the founder of the KIKI Clothing brand , says the biggest challenge for many fashion designers is manufacturing . "  You get a lot of excitement from so many places but once you get an order , how do you manufacture in large quantities ? " says Ademola . "  So , that 's the issue that I 'm facing , trying to focus on quality control and trying to ensure that you consistently provide quality and appealing garments to other companies and other markets , " she adds . With clients in more than 50 countries , Shobanjo 's goal is to create a sustainable business model for My Asho . At the same time , she also wants her company to help her continent by supporting local African communities where the clothes are manufactured . As a result , Shobanjo 's prioritized working with ethical brands that show a commitment to fair labor practices and create opportunities for their communities . "  I 'm supporting Africa , helping it grow and creating jobs but it 's not to say that a certain percentage of x is going to here because I do n't think that is a sustainable business model , " says Shobanjo . "  I think it is better to create from the start ethical principles and work with designers who pay their tailors well , who are investing in helping their communities grow and then once you grow as a business then you know that they will also grow as well . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this article	My Asho is an online store that carries the work of established and aspiring African designers It stocks clothes and accessories from over 30 African designers Founder Dolapo Shobanjo aims to support local communities where the clothes are produced
CNN  -- Altovise Davis , the widow of entertainer Sammy Davis Jr. , has died . She was 65 . Altovise Davis , in a 2008 photo , married Sammy Davis Jr. in 1970 . Davis died Saturday at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , said her publicist , Amy Malone . She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke . Davis , a dancer and actress from Brooklyn , New York , met Sammy Davis Jr. on the set of the musical "  Golden Boy " in London in 1967 . The couple married three years later . It was Sammy Davis Jr. 's third marriage . The couple remained together until he died of throat cancer in 1990 . The couple had an adopted son . Funeral services will be held in Burbank , California , with the date and time to be announced later . Sammy Davis Jr. , himself a musician , was famous for being part of the Rat Pack , which included Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Altovise Davis , 65 , died Saturday at a Los Angeles hospital , her publicist says She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke Davis , a dancer and actress , married Sammy Davis Jr. in 1970
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Few sports can compare to football in terms of its global popularity and the area of land devoted to its playing fields across the planet ; consequently , few sports have a larger carbon footprint than the "  beautiful game . " Artificial pitches can save 20,000 liters of water a day . Football stadiums have a huge environmental impact . Just keeping a pitch in top condition requires regular watering , under-pitch heating to prevent freezing in the winter , and even the use of high-power lighting rigs to promote grass growth . Floodlights , scoreboards and video screens have large electricity demands , while thousands of fans traveling to and from the match emit vast quantities of carbon dioxide while generating huge amounts of garbage . But there are signs that football teams are starting to get wise to environmental issues with clubs around the world starting to make efforts to become more eco-friendly . A 2008 survey by "  Ethical Consumer " looked at the eco-credentials of clubs in the English Premier League and found that Manchester City was the greenest . Among its achievements , the team says it has reduced landfill by 85 percent , moved to electric vehicles at the ground , and used eco-friendly paper for match-day programs . By promoting safe walking routes , the club says it has managed to get 71 percent of its fans to walk to the stadium . The club even came up with an ambitious plan to generate its own electricity by installing a wind turbine at the stadium , but the scheme was eventually put on hold because of fears that ice could fall from the turbine blades and injure spectators . Funded by the oil wealth of the Abu Dhabi United Group , Manchester City have the cash to introduce far-reaching green schemes , but at the other end of the financial spectrum , English non-league club Dartford FC has shown the big teams are n't the only ones that can afford to be eco-friendly . Dartford 's Princes Park stadium , opened in 2006 , has a capacity of just over 4,000 , but it manages to incorporate some neat features . The stadium is covered with a "  living roof " of plants that provide a natural air filtration system , gray water is supplied from two huge ponds near the stadium and solar panels are used to heat water for the toilets . Dartford 's efforts show that it 's possible for small clubs to do their bit , but their use of solar panels pales in comparison to the Stade de Suisse Wankdorf in Berne , Switzerland . Home of BSC Young Boys football team , the Stade de Suisse won the 2005 European Solar Prize for its use of photovoltaic panels installed in its roof . The stadium roof now has more than 10,000 solar panels . Under peak sunlight conditions the panels can produce one million kWh of energy a year , saving 630 tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year . A simpler way for football teams to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is simply to cut down on waste . Last year , Norway 's most successful team , Rosenborg BK , invested around $ 40,000 in energy-saving measures . It is not a huge investment , but it is enough to make a difference , and the club say the scheme will pay for itself by reducing energy expenditure . Arne Melan , a member of the club 's technical staff , told CNN that Rosenborg have introduced a number of energy-efficiency measures , including a computer system that ensures their automated floodlights are turned off when no one is training and that controls their heating and ventilation systems so that they are only on during office hours . Melan says another aspect of the club 's green ethos is sponsoring a scheme to provide the city of Trondheim with hot water produced by processing municipal waste . When it comes to waste , it is the seemingly innocuous football pitch that is the worst offender . "  Ethical Consumer " estimates that it takes an astonishing 20,000 liters of water per day to maintain a football pitch in the English Premier League , and at Camp Nou , home of Champions League winners Barcelona , up to 54,000 liters of water are needed to irrigate the pitch on a hot day . But some teams are starting to reduce water consumption . German club Nuremberg has a cistern that can hold 1,000 cubic meters of water at its home ground . The cistern stores rainwater that can be used to irrigate the pitch , but compared to most clubs ' water consumption , it is just a drop in the ocean . In countries with drier climates even more water is needed to irrigate football pitches , but in these countries water is often too scarce to be used to maintain a lush playing surface . FIFA is helping address this problem with its "  Win in Africa , With Africa " initiative . Among its aims is a plan to build an international-standard artificial pitch in every African country outside of South Africa . Football will probably have to wait until the next generation of stadiums are built for features like solar panels , wind turbines and rainwater cisterns to become commonplace . Perhaps then the pitch wo n't be the greenest thing in football .	Football is played all over the planet , meaning it has a huge carbon footprint Some football teams are making efforts to be more environmentally friendly Stade de Suisse in Switzerland has 10,000 solar panels built into its roof Manchester City had to postpone plans to build a wind turbine at their ground
CNN  -- Dear cicada friends , We know you probably do n't speak English , but we humans ca n't really buzz that well , so this letter will have to do . The last time we saw your cicada variety , known as Brood II , emerge was in 1996 . Other broods have come and gone since then , but we 're still glad to see you . You were still in your larval stage in ' 96 , so you probably do n't remember . Now , you 're rising to the surface and having a grand ol' party . So much so that CNN is tracking readers ' reports of your locations and listening to recordings of your buzz . We humans have a hard time imagining what it must be like to go into hiding for years on end and leave your fate in the hands of the world . Who knows what the world will be like when you next emerge 17 years from now ? Will it be a mundane place or a strange post-apocalyptic scene ? That 's why we 're so in awe of you . You are like living time capsules , and you take it in stride . Life is one big , buzzing party for you . Open Story : See where readers are finding cicadas But all good things must come to an end , and before you go , we 'd like to bring you up to speed on the things you 've missed since you were last here . It 's probably not pleasant to think about , but we want to reach you in time . We were inspired to write you this letter because of a heartfelt iReport we received from Janie Lambert of Hughesville , Maryland . She talked about many events that have happened in the past 17 years . Like your species , her family has hatched a new generation of offspring during this time . Your buggy brains are n't really geared for philosophy , but here 's a grub of an idea : the tragedy of your lives is a metaphor for our own . It 's too bad you barely missed Baz Luhrmann 's "  Romeo + Juliet , " with Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the leading roles . It came out in fall 1996 -- well after you would have ducked into the ground . And do n't forget about "  Tromeo and Juliet , " which also came out around that time . Bet you would have related to William Shakespeare 's infamous star-crossed lovers , who were destined to shack up and then die while still in their teens . We think you would also have a special appreciation for the "  Austin Powers " movie trilogy , which kicked off in 1997 . It features a British spy who is cryogenically frozen in the 1960s and then emerges in the 1990s with a strong mating instinct . Strip away the bad teeth and Union Jack decor , and your stories are much the same . Read about cicada life cycles and other broods Culture shock was a big part of the "  Powers " films , and you 're probably feeling like a Rip Van Winkle as well . Surely you must be wondering where you can get some pogs , or the latest dramatic twists and turns in the Van Halen line-up . Radiohead released several acclaimed albums  including "  OK Computer " and "  Kid A "  as well . Heck , there was even a Woodstock anniversary concert in 1999 . A few years later , an electronic band called Cicada formed in the UK . Their self-titled debut album  2006  will make your feelers twitch . It includes a song called "  Cicadas " that intermingles rhythmic buggy noises with sweet synthetic sounds . You skipped most of the boy/girl bands -- just barely . The Backstreet Boys put out their self-titled album in June 1996 and * NSYNC rose soon thereafter . The Spice Girls released their debut album "  Spice " worldwide by 1997 , and Britney Spears reached stardom status in the late 1990s . The Jonas Brothers , Miley Cyrus , Justin Bieber , Selena Gomez ... there 's so many . The brothers Hanson MMMBopped their way onto the charts in 1997 when they were just nymphs . They continued to put out albums after they finished molting , and now generate almost as much buzz as you do -- and have produced nearly as many larvae . Oh , and we almost forgot to mention "  Star Wars " ! There are now three prequels to come before the first "  Star Wars "  that was really Episode IV  , and there 's this character called Jar Jar Binks and ... never mind . You 've had to digest so much already . If you 're still unsure about what happened in the 1990s , BuzzFeed is totally on it . Any relation ? They 're about as cicada-like as humans get , constantly searching for whatever happens to be buzzing at any given time . The writers are in their laboratories concocting nostalgia for the 2000s as we speak . But we do n't want to bug you with too much popular culture . There 's also plenty of serious history that you 've missed . We 've been through five presidential elections now , and three presidents . The truth is , maybe you 're better off not having seen footage of the September 11 terror attacks , or the wars that began afterward . You also conveniently missed the biggest burst of the housing bubble , or running the risk of getting laid off during the Great Recession . You ca n't bring most liquids through airport security anymore , and the NASA space shuttle program as we knew it has ended . In 1999 , the technology world fretted over the Y2K bug , in which a date-formatting issue threatened to bring down computer programs everywhere . Concerns about serious problems seemed largely unfounded when 2000 finally rolled around . Cicadas should also be aware that the "  New Beetle " was released by Volkswagen in 1998 , which in turn renewed humans ' desire to drive a bug . In the world of devices , the BlackBerry device is still consumed in its addictive CrackBerry form , but plenty of two-leggers are using smartphones and tablets with touchscreens .  You do n't have hands , so you might need a keyboard that you can tap with your legs . You fast-forwarded through the meteoric rise of the World Wide Web , and the spider-like reach of social media . You missed complaining about several Facebook layout iterations and being friends with that guy named Tom on MySpace in the 2000s . You can still be friends with him now , but it 's just not the same . The predictable backlash toward spending too much time online works to your advantage , because you 're well-equipped for it . You spend just about all your time in the out-of-doors , happily buzzing away and doing your thing until your time comes . Dying cicadas spotted in Staten Island You 're probably not worried about all these things that bipeds are always fussing about , but we just thought we 'd let you know . Maybe there 's a few things we 're missing out on , as well . If there 's any consolation , it 's that other broods will return in the coming years , albeit in varying places and at different intervals . Brood III , Brood X , you name it . But there 's only one Brood II . Until we meet again with your descendants 17 years from now , let 's all say goodbye and farewell . Buzzing off , The People of Planet Earth "  Bzzz zzzzz zzzzzz zzzz bzzzzz bzz " What would you add to this letter ? Are there any important events that stand out to you ? Share your thoughts in the comments area below . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news	17-year cicada variety known as Brood II has been invading several states These cicadas were last seen in 1996 , when things were different Here 's some things missed after 17 years in hiding What would you add to this letter ? Share your thoughts in the comments
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Islamists in control of northern Mali said they forced a man and a woman into two holes and stoned them to death for committing adultery in the lawless region . Witnesses watched quietly as Islamists executed the two by pelting them with rocks in the remote Aguelhok town , according to a local resident . "  I do n't know how many rocks they threw or for how long it went on before they were both dead , " said Haman Maiga , a resident of Aguelhok who witnessed the stoning . "  No one dared to try and stop the Islamists . " The woman had two small children , a boy and a girl , according to Maiga . A leader of a radical Islamic group in the region said Sharia law condemns relationships outside marriage . "  The man and the woman , who were both married  to other people  , were having an affair , " said Aliou Toure , the Islamist commissioner in Gao . "  They were stoned to death , the punishment for infidelity , according to Sharia , Islamic law . " The stoning Sunday is the first reported Sharia killing since al Qaeda-linked Islamists took control of the north . Read more : Is this al Qaeda 's ` last chance ' for a country ? Mali has been in a state of Chaos since a military ruler overthrew the democratically-elected president in March , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but uncertainty looms . Ethnic Tuareg rebels and Islamist militants have taken advantage of the chaos to seize control of the northern portion of the country . Mali becoming bitterly divided Aguelhok was among the first to fall when Tuareg rebels aided by Islamist groups occupied the region this year . Months later , two groups with ties to al Qaeda hijacked the separatist uprising by the local Tuareg movement . The two groups now control two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of Texas that includes the towns of Gao , Kidal and Timbuktu . Islamists have since imposed a harsh form of Sharia law that bans drinking , music and sports on television . Most residents in the area are Muslims , but have protested against the strict form of Sharia as Islamists remain determined to apply it . "  We do n't have to answer to anyone over the application of Sharia . This is the form of Islam practiced for thousands of years , " Toure said . "  The fact that we are building a new country on the base of Sharia is just something the people living here will have to accept . " In addition to the killing , Islamist militants have gone on a rampage for months , destroying sacred tombs in the region and vowing to target more . Read more : International outrage grows over destruction of Mali shrines In July , they ordered residents to leave the area and razed two tombs in Timbuktu . Two months prior , elderly men kept watch over the main library after Islamists burned a different tomb in another attack in the same town . Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited in their religion . They especially target Sufi shrines , which they believe are sacrilegious . Sufism is a mystical dimension of Islam considered offbeat and frowned upon by Islamic hardliners . Defense official : U.S. needs to ` accelerate ' effort to help Mali CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report	"  No one dared to try and stop the Islamists , " a witness says The woman had two small children , according to a local resident Radical Islamic leader says it is punishment for infidelity Chaos have rocked Mali since a coup toppled the president in March
Dallas  CNN  It has been almost one year since Corey Knowlton bid $ 350,000 for a hunting permit issued by the government of Namibia to hunt an endangered black rhinoceros . He has n't gone on the hunt and it 's still not entirely clear if he will ever shoot the animal . The controversial auction , held inside the Dallas Convention Center on a chilly Saturday evening in January , sparked a contentious debate over the best way to protect the species that has been brought to the edge of extinction because of humans ' appetite for its horn , which is used for daggers , ornaments and , in Asia , traditional medicine . The auction became so heated that both Knowlton and the auction organizers feared for their safety after receiving strings of death threats that were investigated by the FBI . The Dallas Safari Club sponsored the auction , and billed it as a fundraising effort to help save the endangered species in Africa . Biggame.org and Knowlton said the auction was done in the name of conservation , to save the threatened black rhinoceros . All proceeds were to be donated to the Namibian government and earmarked for conservation and anti-poaching efforts , according to club officials and the Namibian Ministry of Environment and Tourism . Animal welfare groups strongly oppose the auction 's conservation approach , and call the "  kill it to save it " rationale misguided and outrageous . In spring , Knowlton applied for a permit from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that would enable him to import the "  trophy " parts of the animal 's body at the completion of the hunt in Namibia . The hunt would be organized and overseen by the Namibian authorities . "  In my opinion , I thought it would have happened by now , " Knowlton told CNN in an exclusive interview , when asked if he was surprised that the permit process has taken so long . Knowlton said he is waiting to see what will happen with the permit request before he makes his decision whether to move forward with the hunt . "  Namibia wants us to come and participate in the hunt desperately , " Knowlton said . "  The entire point of the auction in the United States was to be able to import the carcass , the remains of the black rhino into the United States . That 's why they had the auction here , in the hopes that it would bring more money to conservation than the previous permits they have sold in Namibia . " In addition to importing the rhino "  trophy , " Knowlton also plans to distribute the rhino meat to Namibian villages after the hunt . The Endangered Species Act requires the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to determine that the import will enhance the species ' survival and not be "  detrimental " to the survival of the species . The act also requires that any federally authorized activity may not jeopardize the continued survival of the species in any way . "  The service looks closely at the individual circumstances of each import application , including the biology of the species , its current status in and beyond the country where the hunt will take place , and the threats it may be facing , as well as the overall management program for the species in that country , where the funds for the hunt will go and how they will be used , " said Gavin Shire , chief of public affairs for the U.S. Fish And Wildlife Service . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said it received over 15,000 public comments opposing the permit in the 30-day allocated comment period on its federal register , which closed on December 8 . Many of the comments were "  identical or near identical form letters arguing to ` save the last of the black rhinos ... from American trophy hunter 's greed and vanity . ' " Shire said all the comments will be "  examined for substantive information , " and was unable to provide a time frame for when the service will make a decision on the permit . Helping or hurting the species ? Animal conservationists estimate there are 5,000 black rhinos in the world , about 2,020 of which are in the southern Africa nation . They are considered a "  critically endangered species " by wildlife organizations around the world . 5 white rhinos left in the world Dr. Michael Knight , chairman of the International Union for Conservation of Nature African and Asian Rhino Specialist Groups , said the Namibian black rhino populations have been performing very well , growing at a very healthy 7 % per year , thanks to conservation efforts . "  In population terms it 's of minor significance , as we are talking about one old bull that would have contributed genetically to the rhino population already . In monetary terms , it 's important as it generates funds that go directly into the Wildlife Products Fund that feeds 100 % back into rhino conservation , " Knight said . Knowlton stressed that the rhinos picked for hunting have no benefit to the population at large , and are in fact "  a detriment to the population . " "  The animals chosen are earmarked ... at the end of their life . They are not going to help the enhancement of the black rhino species in any way . This way there is a chance that the death of that animal helps the entire species . " Knowlton said by raising money from hunters like himself , the Namibian government can use the money for much needed "  anti-poaching " resources and "  habitat enhancement . " But sacrificing one animal for the greater good of the endangered species is a move that critics and animal conservation groups call "  perverse " and a "  sad joke . " "  They need to be protected , not sold to the highest bidder , " said Jeffrey Flocken of the International Fund for Animal Welfare . "  It 's a farce to say that this is being done for conservation , " Flocken said . "  It 's saying the rarity of this animal is worth more dead than alive . " Several groups such as Flocken 's argue it would be better to use these rhinos to promote wildlife viewing and ecotourism by charging people for the experience of seeing one of these ancient beasts up close in the wild . "  It also sends a dangerous message that these iconic and disappearing animals are worth more as dead trophies to be mounted and hung on a wall in a Texas mansion than living in the wild in Africa , " Flocken said . Namibia was the first African country to incorporate protection of the environment into its constitution , and said its conservation program has contributed to it having the largest free-roaming population of black rhinos in the world The Dallas Safari Club obtained the hunting permit from the Namibian government , which would oversee every aspect of Knowlton 's expedition . It 's the first time a black rhino hunting permit has been auctioned outside the country . In recent years , the Namibian Ministry of Environment and Tourism , which oversees the protection of the black rhinos , has allowed three permits a year . In a 2013 letter to the Dallas Safari Club , the Namibian government said , "  To hunt a black rhino is not taken lightly by Namibia . ... Only old geriatric bulls , which are marginalized in the population and do not contribute to reproduction , are trophy hunted . " ` It really is a dilemma ' The biggest threat to these massive beasts is poachers across the African continent . Rhino horns are lucrative on the black market . In Asia , where there are claims it can treat everything from headaches and food poisoning to rheumatism and cancer , horns can fetch up to $ 60,000 per kilogram , putting the value somewhere between gold and pure cocaine . In the 1980s , the black rhino population had dwindled to just a few dozen . Conservation efforts have slowly helped increase herd numbers , but poachers are still a threat . Marcia Fargnoli , chief executive officer of the Save the Rhino Trust in Namibia , which works with the government to fight poachers , said the group has tried to persuade the Namibian government to stop issuing hunting permits . But a poor African country like Namibia , where the World Bank estimates the gross per capita income to be less than $ 6,000 , struggles to fund conservation efforts , Fargnoli said . It 's difficult for the government to ignore the chance to raise so much money so quickly . "  I really believe every rhino counts , " said Fargnoli . "  It really is a dilemma . ... But I really struggle to say I 'm saving rhinos and then say that one can be hunted . " Knowlton hosts the hunting show "  Uncharted " on The Outdoor Channel and he also organizes high-end hunting adventures around the world . He described himself as a "  passionate conservationist , " and stressed that animal lovers should research the facts before having "  emotional " reactions . There is no doubt in his mind that what he is doing is extremely important in helping the black rhino species in the long run . "  The Namibian government is looking at it in a sustainable way . And I believe hunters at large are looking at it as a way to maintain a population in a sustainable way . "	After nearly a year , hunter who bid $ 350K to bag a rhino has n't hunted Namibian government says it 's fine for him to kill an old , unneeded bull But U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has n't approved his plan to bring trophy parts home
CNN  -- Police in Tucson , Arizona , arrested 16 people Saturday night after rowdy crowds threw bottles , beer cans and firecrackers at officers following the Wildcats ' overtime loss to Wisconsin . Wisconsin beat Arizona 64-63 on Saturday night and earned a spot in the Final Four of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament . Arizona was the No. 1 seed in the West Region and Wisconsin the No. 2 seed . About 20 minutes after the game ended , several hundred people blocked a road on the University of Arizona campus , said Sgt. Pete Dugan . When they refused officers ' orders to disperse and began lobbing objects , police used pepper balls and canisters , Dugan said . Police reported some damage to property . Those arrested were charged with resisting arrest , unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct . The Arizona-Wisconsin game was the second of two games Saturday in the NCAA tournament . In the first game Saturday , Florida defeated Dayton 62-52 in the South Region to earn a Final Four berth . The Final Four games will be played Saturday , April 5 . On Sunday , Michigan State will face Connecticut in the East Region and Michigan will battle Kentucky in the Midwest Region . NCAA Tournament highlights Florida ends Dayton 's run	Wisconsin beat Arizona 64-63 on Saturday night Several hundred people blocked a road on the University of Arizona campus
President Barack Obama has yet to decide whether to authorize air strikes against ISIS targets in Syria , the White House insists . More and more , though , the signals and nuance from the administration and the military suggest such a campaign could be coming . Here is a look at signs the United States could be planning to expand air attacks on the Sunni jihadists rampaging through northern Iraq : Look before you launch A U.S. official told CNN that Obama has authorized reconnaissance flights over Syria that are seen as a forerunner of possible U.S. airstrikes there against ISIS , which calls itself Islamic State . At the same time , the U.S. military and intelligence communities are gathering information on the locations of ISIS leadership and troop concentrations in Syria , according to two U.S. officials . Obama authorizes reconnaissance flights over Syria , U.S. official says Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby , speaking generally , told CNN on Monday that "  you certainly want to get as much of a view on the ground as you can , as much situational awareness as you can " in order to conduct operations in Syria . Laying the groundwork Obama 's top military man , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey , last week provided the fundamental reasoning for going after ISIS in Syria . "  Can they be defeated without addressing that part of their organization which resides in Syria ? The answer is no , " Dempsey told reporters . "  That will have to be addressed on both sides of what is essentially at this point a nonexistent border " with Iraq . The U.S. military began airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq earlier this month , helping Kurdish and Iraqi forces halt the Islamic extremists ' murderous advance . One reason given by the administration for the aerial campaign was to protect military advisers previously sent to Iraq to work with Iraqi and Kurdish forces . 5 key questions in the fight against ISIS The same rationale of protecting U.S. personnel and interests can be applied to expanding airstrikes across the border easily exploited by ISIS . "  While the President has not made a decision to take additional military actions at this time , we do n't restrict our options by geographic boundaries when it comes to the central mission of protecting our people , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said Monday . Now the question becomes establishing that ISIS poses a direct threat and building enough international and domestic support to act . The video of ISIS beheading American journalist James Foley helps make the case , as does the estimated 2,000 or so foreigners including Europeans and Americans fighting for ISIS who could return home . Obama will host a meeting of leaders of the U.N. Security Council next month to discuss the threat of foreign fighters in ISIS . Going into Syria Last week , his former point man on Syria , Frederic Hof , told CNN that a failed U.S. mission to rescue Foley earlier this year established a precedent of American forces entering Syrian territory without government permission . On Monday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest cited the U.S. mission that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan as another example of going into a country without government permission to protect the safety or interests of Americans . In a speech Tuesday to the American Legion , Obama mentioned increased U.S. assistance for Kurdish forces in Iraq fighting ISIS as well as moderate opposition forces in Syria battling both ISIS and the government of President Bashar al-Assad . By lumping together the Kurds and Syrian opposition , Obama signaled his view of the conflict as a regional one regardless of the two countries involved . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel later announced that seven countries had joined the United States in providing "  urgently needed arms and equipment " to the Kurdish forces . Those are : Britain , France , Italy , Canada , Denmark , Croatia and Albania , he said . "  Operations have already begun and will accelerate in the coming days with more nations also expected to contribute , " Hagel 's statement said . Is Obama heading toward airstrikes in Syria ? Regional support At the American Legion national convention , Obama also touted the nation 's ability to galvanize international coalitions to respond to crises . "  History teaches us of the dangers of overreaching and spreading ourselves too thin , and trying to go it alone without international support , " he said . According to Hof , an Atlantic Council senior fellow , the President would seek such international support now to take on ISIS . Key members would be Middle East allies that have air power provided by the United States , he said . Two such countries -- Egypt and United Arab Emirates -- reportedly launched airstrikes this week on Islamist targets in the ongoing Libyan conflict . In addition , U.S. allies in the region dealing with a rise in Islamic extremism have condemned ISIS over the beheading of Foley and other atrocities . Political pressure Hawkish Republicans such as Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina have long called for Obama to get involved militarily in Syria 's civil war , at least by arming the opposition trying to topple al-Assad . The lightning advance by ISIS from Syria across northern Iraq in recent months escalated criticism of Obama for his reticence in Syria , and now a broad swath of GOP voices demands a strong military response . Even Obama 's former secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , has made clear she advocated a bigger U.S. role in the Syrian conflict when it began three years ago . With congressional elections looming in November and a presidential vote in two years , such questioning only will increase . While the critics cite a strategic argument , conservatives see an opportunity to simultaneously push for two core goals -- building up the military after cuts under Obama , and reducing resources available to the rest of what they consider to be excessive government .	No decision yet by President Obama , the White House says Official : Obama authorizes reconnaissance flights over Syria Administration officials have laid the groundwork for a possible campaign Obama is under political pressure to act
CNET  -- Suleman Ali cashed out just in time . Suleman Ali sold Esgut , his portfolio of Facebook applications , for seven figures in April . The 26-year-old , a former Microsoft employee who helped put together the Windows Home Server product , founded a company called Esgut within months of the debut of Facebook 's developer platform in May 2007 . Esgut is a portfolio of Facebook applications , and a few of them , like Superlatives and Entourage , became genuine viral hits . In April , Ali sold the 12-employee Esgut to the Social Gaming Network , a Silicon Valley company backed by the likes of Bezos Expeditions , the Founders Fund , and Greylock Partners . He said the price was in the seven figures . But Ali is the first to acknowledge that for upstart social-platform developers , hailed just months ago as the Valley 's hottest breed of bright young things , the condition has taken a significant turn for the worse . "  Most people are not counting on anything , " the lanky and bespectacled Ali said over lunch at an organic restaurant near New York 's Union Square in early December . "  They 're just operating from day to day . " When Facebook 's developer platform launched , the social network 's traffic began to really skyrocket . What had started as a no-frills networking site for students at elite universities became a Silicon Valley buzz factory with legitimate geek credentials . And however gimmicky many of the most popular Facebook Platform apps were , millions of people decided they now had a reason to join the site . The floodgates had opened . Facebook was a phenomenon . When other social networks such as MySpace , Friendster , and Hi5 also paraded out developer platforms , the tech world took it as evidence that there was a big future in building platform applications . More importantly for developers and ambitious tech entrepreneurs , it looked like there could be gobs of money in it ; the open , anyone-can-play attitude created the notion that there was enough for everyone . "  The social platform  on Facebook  actually launched the last day that I was at Microsoft ... I was quitting without any idea of what I was going to do , " Ali recalled . His aims for leaving Redmond were starry-eyed . "  I left because I wanted to do a start-up . I wanted to see what I could do out there on my own . And I wanted to care deeply about what I was working on . " But he had no concrete plans to go the Facebook route initially , he said . "  I ended up in my parents ' house in Florida and was kind of bored , and started building Facebook apps just out of restlessness and the desire to do something . " Then , Ali continued , he went to the Graphing Social Patterns West conference in San Diego in March and met Social Gaming Network founder Shervin Pishevar . At the time , he was looking to raise venture funding but had n't thought about selling his apps . "  We talked for 30 minutes and he was like , ` You sound like the exact type of people we want at SGN . ' " Ali sold Esgut to Pishevar 's company the next month . Widgets buzz turns into hush Ali got lucky . Even before the reality of the recession set in , the social-platform craze was subsiding . The venture capital buzz about widgets began to quiet over the summer . Some of the sillier novelty apps wore off in popularity . Companies that were snapping up small apps and raising huge amounts of venture capital , like Slide and RockYou , grew intimidatingly bigger -- but the glut of independent apps made it more difficult to grab the attention of potential buyers . And after new restrictions , a redesign , and then the social network 's focus on expanding through its Facebook Connect log-in service , it became evident that a social-network platform is still a new phenomenon that can change dramatically , and not always to the benefit of little start-ups . "  There 's definitely a lot of tightening up , " Ali said . "  There 's a few people that I know that have apps that are relatively small , and they 're selling them for valuations lower than what they could 've sold them for a month ago , and there are just no buyers in the marketplace . I think they 're going to have a hard time selling , period -- forget trying to sell at a lower valuation . They 're just having a hard time getting rid of them . " So would he still be able to sell his company as easily now ? "  No , probably not , " Ali admitted . "  If we were the same company we were then , it would be much harder to sell today . I think we would 've had to evolve as a company . I think we would need to be generating more revenue than we were . " But for all his concern about the fate of social-platform developers in a recession , Ali is still strikingly bullish on Facebook -- enough so that his newest project is a fund for Facebook stock . He started purchasing it in November , he said , and is meeting with investors in the hopes of purchasing more . He added with surprising gusto that Facebook 's decision to delay direct cash-outs has n't derailed his plan . "  I think that 's actually good news for us , " Ali said . "  I think that means that the price that we pay will actually go down because there are all these employees who intended to sell stock back to Facebook , and now they 're not going to be able to sell it to Facebook ,  so  they 'll have to sell it somewhere else . " He hopes to keep the stock until Facebook files for an initial public offering , and he still thinks that 's on track , too . "  I think it 's going to be a function of the economy and when the markets open back up for an IPO , " he said , and cited target dates that had been provided in interviews by Facebook investor and board member Jim Breyer . "  From a Facebook perspective , I think it 'll be ready to IPO in 2011 . " Many critics would say that 's wishful thinking , and that the company will sell -- to existing investor Microsoft , maybe -- for much lower than its $ 15 billion preferred-stock valuation . But Ali got lucky on Facebook once already , and even in a recession he has n't given up hope that it could happen again . © 2008 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Suleman Ali sold Esgut , his tech startup , for seven figures in April Esgut is a portfolio of Facebook applications ; a few of them became big viral hits Suleman "  started building Facebook apps just out of restlessness " He sold his company just before the social-platform craze subsided
CNN  -- A recent study with a catchy headline about the most stressful jobs of 2013 found its way to the soft hour of news this week . The annual study by careercast.com created some buzz in the online water cooler and I was asked to appear on the "  Today " show to talk about it . Colleagues e-mailed me and posted on my Facebook page about where their chosen professions ranked . My media friends could n't help noticing that public relations professionals , reporters and photojournalists all made it into the top 10 for stress . The "  study , " referred to in quotes in some of the commentary , considered some logical criteria to come up with these rankings . Proximity to risk of death  yours or others '  , travel , deadlines , working in the public eye and physical demands all racked up points on the stress scale . And there 's no arguing that military personnel , firefighters and police officers -- all high-rankers on the most-stressed list -- are exposed to higher stakes than your typical seamstress  holder of the second-least stressful job slot  . The job that snagged the "  least stressful " slot , according to the survey , was "  university professor , " a designation that caused outrage among people who actually hold that job . One commenter conceded that most academic jobs do n't put you in personal danger  though you can argue that point  , but anyone who 's ever been around professors knows that faculty politics , difficult students and pressure to "  publish or perish " can cause even the most calm character to crack . We could debate whether these designations make any sense . And whether every police officer , firefighter and member of the military faces the same amount of stress . But let 's make sure we are having the right conversation . How many people choose a profession based on how high the stress level is ? And how can you measure stress objectively ? If you 're prone to stress , perhaps you 're just as likely to feel stressed out whether you work as a librarian , a massage therapist or a commercial airline pilot  No. 4 on the stress list  . People choose their line of work for a lot of reasons . For those who are committed to making our communities and the world safer and healthier for the rest of us , minimizing stress is probably not so high on their list of criteria . And it should n't be . Folks who choose helping jobs that may have a high level of stress are fueled by other motivators , like wanting their work to have meaning . They are n't deterred by the fact that their job will likely come with stress . And some people are simply by their own nature and personalities drawn to work that may be to others , dauntingly stressful . How many FBI agents do you think would prefer a gig as an audiologist  sixth-least stressful job  ? When I talk to men and women in their 50s and 60s who 've decided to take on encore careers as teachers , they tell me that the work is often exhausting and stressful . They are on their feet all day , often with inadequate resources , with kids who are themselves highly stressed ; even those who come from leadership roles in other sectors say they 've never worked harder . Yet they almost always tell me that doing something that matters to others -- and that puts them in touch with young people every day -- compensates for the added stress . The same is true of those tackling some of the world 's most intractable problems . When I talk to Stephen and Elizabeth Alderman , whose foundation trains health-care professionals around the world to work with victims of trauma , or Judith Broder , who founded The Soldiers Project , which works with returning veterans , they rarely talk about stress . Instead they talk about how they are compelled to do what they do , because moving the needle even a fraction is better than doing nothing . Rather than discouraging people to take on jobs that might have a lot of stress , let 's instead encourage those who are designed for those jobs to do them . And let 's make sure to support our friends and family members who go down these paths . It 's hard to grab headlines in the crowded space of morning television , but a good survey with a catchy title will always do that . So let 's use these kinds of surveys to have the right kinds of conversations . Like why so many jobs that keep us safe and healthy , and that care for our children and the environment rarely show up on lists of the most highly compensated jobs . Now there 's a conversation I 'd most like to be having . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marci Alboher .	Marci Alboher : Annual list of most stressful jobs drew attention She says the right issue is whether job rewards compensate for stress People who take on stressful jobs that help others report satisfaction , she says
CNN  -- A weekend rally by white supremacists in Memphis , Tennessee , saw far more cops than Klansmen on the streets . An estimated five dozen Ku Klux Klan members turned out in downtown Memphis to protest the City Council 's decision to rename three parks now named for the Confederacy and two of its leaders , CNN affilliate WMC reported . Some of them wore the group 's traditional white robes , while others were dressed in camouflage or black military-style fatigues as they took to the steps of the old Shelby County Courthouse on a rainy Saturday afternoon . They were surrounded by dozens more police officers and sheriff 's deputies , most of them clad in riot gear , as they held the rally behind a protective fence . Outside , dozens more counterprotesters watched , many of them laughing and recording the Klansmen with mobile-phone cameras . "  I came here today because I want my kids to be able to see what ignorance looks like , " one man told WMC . "  I want them to know what the past looks like and what the future should n't look like . " Community leaders in the city , where civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in 1968 , tried to draw attention away from the rally by inviting the public to a daylong "  Heart of Memphis " festival "  as we celebrate a city of one Memphis , where together , we succeed . " "  We in Memphis and Shelby County and in this region took what could have been the worst of times and turned it into the best of times , in terms of showing that we can tolerate dissent even when the voices are voices that we 're not pleased with , " Memphis Mayor A.C. Wharton told reporters Saturday . The Memphis City Council voted in February to rename Confederate Park , Jefferson Davis Park and Nathan Bedford Forrest Park -- the latter two named for the president of the coalition of Southern states that tried to secede from the United States in 1861 and for the Confederate general who went on to become a Klan leader after the South lost the war . The measure drew complaints of revisionist history from some citizens but praise from others , WMC reported .	Klansmen protest a decision to rename Memphis , Tennessee , parks One man says he wanted his kids to see "  what ignorance looks like " Community leaders urged residents to attend a "  Heart of Memphis " celebration instead
CNN  -- On Sunday , I will have the honor of serving as grand marshal in the New York City Pride Parade . I have marched in the parade for the last several years carrying a huge rainbow flag . Last year , I was so elated that I danced my way down the street for the entire route . Before that , my late wife Thea and I , she in her wheelchair , would watch the parade together every year . If someone had told me 50 years ago that I would be the marshal of the New York City Gay Pride Parade in 2013 at the age of 84 , I never would have believed it . Over the past couple of years , many people have asked me , "  Why did you decide to sue the United States over a tax bill ? " Because the answer is complex , let me give you some of the background . I lived with and loved my late spouse , Thea Spyer , for more than four decades in love and joy , and in sickness and health , until death did us part . When Thea died in 2009 from a heart condition two years after we were finally married , I was heartbroken . On a deeply personal level , I felt distressed and anguished that in the eyes of my own government , the woman I had loved and cared for and shared my life with was not my legal spouse , but was considered to be a stranger with no relationship to me . On a practical level , because of the so-called Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , I was taxed $ 363,000 in federal estate tax that I would not have had to pay if I had been married to a man named Theo instead of a woman named Thea . Even if I had just met Theo , married him and never even lived with him before he died , the tax would have been zero . So , overwhelmed with a sense of injustice and unfairness , I decided to file a lawsuit to get my money back . I lucked out when Robbie Kaplan , a litigation partner at the law firm of Paul Weiss , walked into my life . At a time when the gay organizations that I approached responded with , "  It 's the wrong time for the movement , " Robbie Kaplan said -- as did the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. before her -- "  There is no wrong time " to seek justice . She answered my plea , and took me on . Robbie argued my case in the Supreme Court on March 27 this year . When she argued against DOMA , she was cool and calm and informed and reasoned -- all of which was sustained by her deeply felt passion for equality in all of our lives . And we WON -- all the way . I have been so honored and humbled to represent not only the thousands of Americans whose lives have been adversely impacted by DOMA , but those whose hopes and dreams have been constricted by that same discriminatory law . Because of the historic Supreme Court ruling in my case , the federal government can no longer discriminate against the marriages of gay and lesbian Americans . Children born today will grow up in a world without DOMA . And those same children who happen to be gay will be free to love and get married -- as Thea and I did -- but with the same federal benefits , protections and dignity as everyone else . To all the gay people and their supporters who have cheered me on , thank you . I 'm sure that Thea is thanking you , too . Not only does a much larger portion of the "  straight " world see us differently -- as just people who live and love and play with their kids -- but also our own community has come out and seen each other , and loved each other , in a way that makes me courageous and proud and joyous every day . If I had to survive Thea , what a glorious way to do it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edith Windsor .	Edith Windsor won the Supreme Court case that overturned DOMA Windsor never thought she would be grand marshal of Pride Parade at 84 She sued over a tax bill and it led to equality for same-sex married couples She was anguished that her government considered her marriage illegitimate
CNN  -- The searchers search , even when they fear that they may fail . A child is gone , under suspicious circumstances , and the searchers fan out , listening for a cry , a rustling in the underbrush , the sight of a colorful piece of clothing . Sometimes it is law-enforcement personnel doing the searching ; sometimes it is citizen volunteers . In the end , the distinction does n't matter . The searchers are members of a community , connected by their humanity , and there is an intrinsic dread in what they do . They pray for the best and try to prepare themselves for the worst . "  Some people here have gone out and looked on their own , " said John Miller , the editor of the Hickory , North Carolina , Daily Record . "  Even for police officers , it is not an easy thing to do . Many of them are fathers and mothers themselves . And the child who is missing here is not just a little girl , but a little girl with a disability . " Hickory is the town where 10-year-old Zahra Clare Baker was reported missing October 9 by her father and her stepmother . The child , recovering from bone cancer , wore a prosthetic leg , and was in need of hearing aids in both ears . The search for the child began immediately . "  There was a sense of empathy , and urgency , " Miller said . The searchers knew that the girl had little hope of fending successfully for herself . So when the police soon announced that they considered the case a homicide investigation , and when they arrested the stepmother on charges of obstruction of justice for allegedly writing a bogus ransom note , the searchers would have had a right to feel cruelly betrayed . The father , too , was arrested , on charges unrelated to the girl 's disappearance : writing worthless checks , failure to return rental property . The search for the child continued . It takes a lot to make searchers give up . Last week they found a prosthetic leg discarded in some brush near a house where the stepmother once lived . What makes the searchers do it ? For some , of course , it is part of the job . But that does n't render it any less wrenching . The searchers know that at the bottom of every gully , behind every tree , they may come upon a cause for utter elation -- a frightened child waiting to be found -- or a cause for utter despair : a lifeless boy or girl . Which makes it all the more appalling when parents murder , and then send the community out to search for a child they say is lost or missing . Perhaps the most notorious case was the one involving Susan Smith , who , in 1994 , told police in South Carolina that she had been carjacked , and that the criminal had driven away with her sons Michael , 3 , and Alexander , 14 months . For nine days searchers looked frantically for the children . In the end , Smith admitted she had killed them -- that she had let her car roll into a lake with the children strapped inside . And had then begged the searchers to go out and find her purportedly kidnapped sons . "  I think searchers are so willing to do it because they think , ` What if it was my child ? ' " said Lt. Garret Atkin of the Layton , Utah , Police Department . "  You have to go on the assumption that you are being given a straight story , and that the child is out there hoping to be found . " Layton is the town to which , earlier this year , Ethan Stacy , 4 , was sent on a divorce-court order from rural Virginia , where he lived with his father , to spend the summer with his mother and her boyfriend . Within two weeks , the mother called police to say that Ethan had wandered away from the house in the middle of the night . So the searchers went out . The weather was foul -- cold post-midnight temperatures , rain , sleet , mud . They knew that if the child were to have a chance , they would have to find him quickly . "  You have to realize , especially in weather like that , that as the hours pass , the chances of a child being all right diminish , " Atkin said . "  We wanted to find him and bring him home . " They found him the next day -- in a crude shallow grave on Powder Mountain , his scalded body wrapped in garbage bags , his face smashed by a hammer . Police and prosecutors say the boyfriend killed the child , and then the couple made up the story of him wandering away . They say the couple sent the compassionate searchers to look for a boy who they knew was already dead and buried . Atkin , talking about the case the other day , said that when a child is reported missing , searchers have no choice but to believe the report is genuine , and that the child is out there waiting to be rescued . "  When you go out , you have to do it filled with hope , " he said . There is great joy and relief when a search is successful , and a child is found . "  A lot of times , it turns out well , " said Lt. Mary Lindstrand of the Multnomah County , Oregon , Sheriff 's Department . "  When a child gets separated from his or her parents , and the searchers find the child -- that 's a great feeling . " But Multnomah County is where a search for a child who has been missing since June is still going on . Kyron Horman , 7 , disappeared from Skyline Elementary School almost five months ago . Law-enforcement officials have made no arrests and have named no suspects . "  There is an emotional trauma to going out and searching for a child , " Lindstrand said . We spoke soon after more than 100 searchers on a wet and soggy recent weekend looked anew for Kyron on Sauvie Island . "  There is no way to emotionally prepare yourself for what you might find , " she said . "  You try to stay hopeful . When you are looking for a child who is missing , you do n't just look for the child himself . You are given a description of what he was wearing when he was last seen . You 're looking for a scrap of clothing -- anything . " Searchers , she said , do all they can to keep their own spirits , and optimism , as buoyant as possible . But it 's hard to do . "  A child is gone , " she said . "  The pain of that is so terrible that the searchers begin to feel it physically . You just keep looking , no matter what . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene writes about the difficult task of searching for missing children He says sometimes parents pretend kids are missing when they know what happened There 's no way to prepare for the emotional difficulty involved in the search , he says Searchers can experience elation if they save a child -- or despair if it 's too late
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban have launched their spring offensive , their annual spate of attacks targeting foreign bases , government officials and Afghan police , a Taliban spokesman said Sunday . On Sunday morning , a roadside bomb killed three police officers in Afghanistan 's Ghazni province , provincial spokesman Nabi Jan said . A Ghanzi deputy police chief was among those killed , and two other officers were injured , Jan said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack -- and said more will come . "  Today was our first day of the new operation , and we conducted many operations in several provinces such as Ghazni province , Kapisa province and Nangarhar province , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told CNN . He said the new spring offensive will target foreign military bases and foreign convoys as well as attacks on Afghan National Police and the Kabul government . The group will use suicide attacks and rockets , Mujahid said . "  We hope to plan and conduct more attacks on foreign troops so as to force them to leave Afghanistan , " the Taliban spokesman added . The Taliban regime in Afghanistan was sheltering the al Qaeda terror network when it launched attacks against the United States on September 11 , 2001 . The next month , the United States cranked up military operations that led to the toppling of the Taliban government . Ever since , international forces have been fighting radical Islamic militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan .	3 officers , including a deputy police chief , are killed in a roadside bombing The Taliban claims responsibility for the blast and says it 's starting a new offensive The group vows to target foreign troops as well as local government and police
Atlanta  CNN  -- Most adults have a warm spot in their hearts for LEGOs , the colorful interlocking building toys . The iconic name conjures up images of creative creatures and thought-provoking things built by imagination . On a recent January weekend , LEGO held a job fair of sorts in the form of a contest , a two-day building contest called Brick Factor . The winner was awarded a full-time position of master model builder at the new LEGOLAND Discovery Center due to open in Atlanta in the spring . There were plenty of LEGO lovers interested . People like Megan Sims . "  Of course it 's a dream job , " she said . "  You get to play with LEGOs and kids all day . Who would n't want that job ? " Joshua Bohn , a college student who is a self-proclaimed lifelong LEGO enthusiast , said that among LEGO lovers this job is coveted among all others . The master model builder for LEGOLAND Discovery Center Dallas agrees . "  It 's an important job " said Cal Walsh . "  The job is responsible for all the LEGO bricks in the Discovery Center " . Walsh also got his job by winning a contest . He said working for the company is like getting paid to play . The Atlanta contestants were narrowed down on the first day by several rounds of tasks , or builds . In the first , competitors built an animal in 45 minutes . This gave birth to lions , ducks , fish and alligators . There were even some angry birds . Build two was a little more complex ; the contestants were charged with building an Atlanta icon . Entries included Ray Charles singing , the immensely popular Peachtree road race and the Fox Theatre , a well-known Midtown entertainment venue . Twelve contestants were selected for the finals , in which they created a model that best described them . They had one hour . Zack Cole , an architecture student , knew immediately he would build a guitar , but he was n't the only one . "  I know someone else is making a guitar , I guess ill have to make mine better . " Sims , a mother of two and the only woman left , chose to build Wonder Woman . "  As a mom , sometimes I feel I need to be a superhero to get things done . " Bohn 's homage to theater , a stage scene depicting Romeo and Juliet , was selected the winner . "  I feel like I was when I was 3 or 4 , when I got my first LEGO set , " Bohn said .	LEGO contest winner will receive job at new Atlanta Discovery Center Contestants were given a time limit and a theme to create something Winning sculpture depicted Romeo and Juliet on stage
CNN  -- Park Ji-Sung made history this year when the Manchester United midfielder became the first Korean to appear in the final of the European Champions League . Manchester United 's Park Ji-Sung in action for his club . The 28-year-old finished on the losing side in May , after Alex Ferguson 's team were beaten 2-0 by Spain 's Barcelona on the night , but for Park , his inclusion in the starting eleven represented a significant achievement . CNN will be traveling to the Red Devils ' training ground on September 21 to speak to Park about his life , and we 're giving you the chance to question the man himself . What do you want to ask Park Ji-Sung ? When it comes to Asian football , there 's no bigger star than Park Ji-Sung . The midfielder is a hero in his home country , not only for captaining the national team , but also for flying the flag for Korean football abroad thanks to a string of lung-busting performances for one of the world 's most famous club sides . Video : Park Ji-Sung talks to CNN . " In fact , he has been nicknamed "  Three-lung Park " by the media in his homeland , thanks to his seemingly overflowing energy supply . The same newspapers plaster Park on their front pages whenever he plays . Yet when he signed for Manchester United from Dutch side PSV Eindhoven , some unfairly thought that it was a mere sop , a marketing tool for Manchester United to sell more replica shirts . Check out CNN 's Park Ji-Sung gallery . " But Ferguson has had other ideas , picking Park for some of United 's most important games . "  He has developed his tactical and technical ability and he has become a very important player for us , " Ferguson told a press conference during United 's summer tour of Korea . "  He has had a fantastic career with us . " That career has seen him earn a Champions League winner 's medal , numerous Premier League titles and a fourth place finish at the 2002 World Cup finals . If anything this year has been his best yet . Following last season 's English Premier League title , and a start in this year 's Champions League final , he led South Korea to the 2010 World Cup finals , scoring a late goal against Iran to secure their automatic qualification for South Africa . To confirm his status , he has just signed a two-year extension at United . And now CNN are offering you the chance to put your questions to arguably Asia 's greatest player . What is Alex Ferguson like to work with ? What has been the highlight of his career so far ? And what hope do South Korea have of emulating their 2002 World Cup glory in South Africa next summer ? Leave your questions below .	Park Ji-Sung is the first Korean to play in the Champions League final He has just lead the South Korean national team to the World Cup finals Sir Alex Ferguson calls him "  a very important player " for United Sound Off : What do you want to ask Park Ji-Sung ?
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- President George W. Bush called India 's prime minister Thursday to push a proposed nuclear partnership that sparked an unsuccessful no-confidence vote against the Indian leader this week , a White House spokesman said . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh won a confidence vote despite opposition to the nuclear deal . "  Both leaders expressed their desire to see the U.S.-India Civil Nuclear issue move forward as expeditiously as possible , " Gordon Johndroe said . The phone call took place two days after Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh narrowly survived the no-confidence vote in the lower house of Parliament . The vote was sparked by concerns from the opposition that India was kowtowing to the U.S. . The tentative deal was announced in 2006 and signed by Bush and Singh a year ago . Under the agreement , which will need to be approved by the U.S. Congress , India would have access to U.S. nuclear fuel and technology for its civilian nuclear power plants . That would happen even though New Delhi , which tested nuclear weapons in 1974 and 1998 , has declined to join international non-proliferation agreements . In return , India has promised that it would not transfer the fuel and equipment to its weapons program , and it would allow the International Atomic Energy Agency to inspect at least 14 of its 22 nuclear plants . The plan would also expand U.S.-Indian cooperation in energy and satellite technology . The plan was approved by India 's Cabinet last year , and does not have to be ratified by the parliament . The leaders of India 's two communist parties -- which hold about 60 seats in Parliament -- have accused Singh of surrendering India 's sovereignty to the United States with the deal . A no-confidence vote would have forced Singh to resign , and required the government to hold early elections unless a new coalition could have been formed . The Congress Party-led coalition has governed India since 2004 . Tuesday 's 275-256 vote was so crucial to the survival of Singh 's government that five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to cast votes -- under the watchful eyes of their jailers . Shortly after Singh survived the vote , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino praised the deal as "  a good one for everybody . " "  It 's good for India because it would help provide them a source for energy that they need , one that is nonpolluting and one that does n't emit greenhouse gas emissions , " she said . "  And we think that we can move forward with this . If their legislature lets it move forward , then we can do the same here and then we 'll be able to get this wrapped up . "	President Bush calls India 's PM to push a proposed nuclear partnership Indian government won confidence vote in face of anger over U.S. nuclear deal Five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to vote
CNN  -- The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship bound for Mombasa , Kenya , was attacked Tuesday by Somali pirates , according to a NATO source with direct knowledge of the matter . Pirates attacked The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , but were unable to board . "  The pirates fired rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons at the vessel , which sustained damage , " said a statement from New York-based Liberty Maritime Corporation , which owns the vessel . The ship was carrying U.S. food aid for African nations , the statement said . The pirates never made it onto the ship and the vessel is now being escorted by a coalition ship , still bound for Mombasa , officials said . Two senior defense officials said the Liberty Sun was being escorted by the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge . It is the ship carrying Richard Phillips , the captain of the container ship Maersk Alabama , which was hijacked last week . Phillips spent days as a hostage of the pirates before being rescued Sunday . Katy Urbik of Wheaton , Illinois , said her son , Thomas , was aboard the Liberty Sun at the time of the attack . She shared the e-mails he sent as the ship came under fire . "  We are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets . Also bullets , " said one e-mail sent Tuesday afternoon . "  We are barricaded in the engine room and so far no one is hurt . -LSB- A -RSB- rocket penetrated the bulkhead but the hole is small . Small fire , too , but put out . "  Navy is on the way and helos and ships are coming . I 'll try to send you another message soon . -LSB- G -RSB- ot to go now . I love you mom and dad and all my brothers and family . " "  My heart stopped after I realized there was n't going to be a ` just kidding ' after his comment , " Katy Urbik said . About 1 1/2 hours later , Thomas Urbik sent another e-mail to his mother , which said , "  The navy has showed up in full force and we are now under military escort ... all is well . I love you all and thank you for the prayers . " In an e-mail only hours before the attack , Urbik 's son tried to assure his mother that his crew was safe and taking precautions . "  Do n't worry too much . I am fine and we are being well monitored by the U.S. Navy , who is demanding we send them a report every six hours on our position and status , " Thomas Ubrik 's e-mail said . He added , "  We in fact are going to be the second American ship to arrive into Mombasa after the Maersk Alabama . It should be interesting to say the least . ... We have had several drills to prepare ourselves to secure ourselves in the engine room . -LSB- W -RSB- e can do it pretty quick by now . " The company said the ship had dropped off food aid last week at a Sudanese port and the ship was going around the Horn of Africa to reach Kenya when it came under attack . However , the exact location of the attack remained unclear . Earlier Tuesday , pirates off the coast of Somalia seized two freighters , proving they remain a force to contend with just days after the U.S. Navy dramatically rescued an American captain held by other pirates . First , pirates in the Gulf of Aden on Tuesday hijacked the MV Irene EM , a 35,000-ton Greek-owned bulk carrier , according to a NATO spokesman and the European Union 's Maritime Security Center . The crew of the Greek carrier was thought to be unhurt and ships have been warned to stay clear of the area for fear of further attack , the Security Center said . Later Tuesday , pirates on four skiffs seized the 5,000-ton MV Sea Horse , a Lebanese-owned and Togo-flagged vessel , said Cmdr. Chris Davies of NATO 's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood , England . Details about the ship and its crew were n't immediately available . NATO has an ongoing anti-piracy mission off Somalia called Operation Allied Protector . The mission involves four ships covering more than a million square miles , Davies said . A U.S.-led international naval task force , Combined Task Force-151 , is also patrolling in the region . Tuesday 's hijackings came two days after sharpshooters from the U.S. Navy SEALs killed three pirates who had been holding Phillips hostage on the water for days . Phillips had offered himself as a hostage when pirates attacked the Alabama on Wednesday , officials said . The ship had been on its way to deliver aid to Mombasa , Kenya . A fourth pirate had been aboard Bainbridge when the shootings occurred and was taken into custody . Watch the tough tactics the Navy uses " The incident follows four freighters being seized over the past two days by pirates off the Somalian coast , proving they remain a force to contend with . Pirates on Monday hijacked two Egyptian fishing boats carrying a total of between 18 and 24 people , the Egyptian Information Ministry told CNN . The Egyptian Foreign Ministry is working to end the hijacking , the ministry said . Egyptian boats are known to use Somali waters illegally for fishing , taking advantage of the lawless state of the country and the lack of enforcement of its maritime boundaries . Those who have tracked pirate activity in Somalia say it started in the 1980s , when the pirates claimed they were trying to stop the rampant illegal fishing and dumping that continues to this day off the Somali coast . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Some experts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the pirates . CNN 's Mike Mount , Barbara Starr and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Crewman e-mailed hours before attack that Navy was monitoring the ship Crewman e-mails , "  We are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets " Four freighters seized in last two days Greek 35,000-ton bulk carrier and Lebanese-owned , Togo-flagged both seized
Federal authorities Wednesday arrested an upstate New York man on drug charges in connection with the sale of the drug known as "  molly " to concert-goers -- including one who died -- at a music festival on Randall 's Island last August . Last summer 's Electric Zoo festival gained national attention when several people were sickened and two people died after overdosing on the drug MDMA , either in ecstasy pills or in its "  pure " powder or crystal form , known as molly . The popular festival was cut short as a result of the deaths . The suspect , identified in court papers as Patrick Morgan , was taken into custody early Wednesday , two law enforcement officials told CNN . He faces drug possession , distribution and conspiracy charges . It was not clear whether he has an attorney . He is is believed to have sold the drug that led to at least one of the deaths , according to the officials . U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara was expected to announce the arrest later Wednesday along with representations of the New York Police Department and the federal Drug Enforcement Administration . MDMA is believed to have caused both of the deaths at the music festival , which was attended by more than 130,000 people , in late August 2013 . Police identified the two victims as Jeffrey Russ , 23 , and Olivia Rotondo , 20 . Morgan allegedly sold about 80 "  molly " pills to an acquaintance of Russ 's for about $ 1,100 , according to court papers . Morgan also is accused of selling Russ and his friends "  molly " at a concert in Buffalo , New York , earlier that month . On August 30 , 2013 , near the end of a concert at Electric Zoo , Russ told his friends he was n't feeling well , according to court documents . He collapsed and suffered a seizure . When Russ arrived at Harlem Hospital Center , his heart was beating rapidly and his temperature was about 108 degrees Fahrenheit , court papers said . Russ was pronounced dead at 3:21 a.m. on August 31 . The pills found on Russ contained MDMA and methylone , according to court documents . The medical examiner ruled that Russ died from "  acute intoxication by the combined effects of -LSB- MDMA -RSB- and methylone with hyperthermia . " Authorities arrested Morgan after a friend of Russ 's sent the suspect a text message : "  Hey it was great to see you last week . Glad we got to talk about Jeff a little it was bugging me . Just know that I no longer blame us for giving the molly to him because it was him that made the mistake of taking too much , " according to court documents . Morgan allegedly responded : "  Yeah man u too call me whenever you want . " After the deaths , the city recommended the electronic music festival be canceled . Electric Zoo 's promoters , Made Event , agreed , police said . What is MDMA ? Methylenedioxymethamphetamine , or MDMA , a synthetic amphetamine , was created in Germany in the early 1900s , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . During the 1970s some American psychiatrists felt they 'd found in the drug a kind of "  penicillin for the soul . " The drug was said to allow for greater insights and better communication . U.S. officials disagreed , and in the 1985 the Drug Enforcement Administration banned the substance , as a Schedule I drug , meaning it had no proven therapeutic value . In the 1990s , MDMA , or ecstasy , gained a reputation for party drug at all-night warehouse parties known as raves . Emergency-room visits rose steadily , from 421 in 1995 to 5,542 in 2001 , according to DEA statistics . Questions were raised about safety and purity of ecstasy . That 's when molly was born . Molly -- short for "  molecule " -- is touted as the pure form of MDMA , but a spokesman for the DEA says do n't believe the hype . According to Rusty Payne , the agency sees MDMA from Asia , Canada and the Netherlands . "  You have no idea the lab environment these chemicals or substances were produced in , " Payne said . "  If they knew where things were produced , they might think twice . " In 2009 , government data found 22,816 emergency-room visits due to MDMA , a 123 % percent increase from 2005 . But molly still has fans among some in the medical field . An article published last year in the Journal of Psychopharmacology found that the drug helped reduce the symptoms of PTSD for two-thirds of those enrolled in a study . Still , the sample size in that study was small , just 19 people . More studies are in the works . Despite any potential for future uses , authorities warn that the drug is dangerous . After a giant New Year 's Eve party in Los Angeles in 2010 , one person died and 18 others were hospitalized for issues relating to MDMA use , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2013 : Electric Zoo music festival canceled after 2 deaths blamed on drugs What you need to know about synthetic drugs 9 things everyone should know about the drug Molly	Authorities say Patrick Morgan sold pills that killed concert-goer Suspect allegedly sold about 80 "  molly " pills for about $ 1,100 , prosecutors say Deaths of two Electric Zoo concert-goers believed to be linked to MDMA , police say Electric Zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be canceled
CNN  -- The arts are thriving around the Arabian peninsula . From Doha to the smallest state of the United Arab Emirates , museums and galleries are making an ambitious mark on the Middle East 's cultural landscape . On display are not only artistic expressions ranging from the ancient to the contemporary but also a showcase of the ethnic diversity and rich heritage of the region . In Doha , the capital of Qatar , the Museum of Islamic Art stands on its own man-made island , just off the city 's waterfront . "  It 's not only about the religion itself , but it talks about the combination of cultures , the people of different ethnic groups all coming together to produce this wonderful art , " says Aisha al-Khater , the museum 's director . The museum , which has only been around for five years , has become one of Doha 's most popular tourist attractions . The collection inside spans over 14 centuries and includes artifacts such as ceramics , carpets and coins . Even the building is something of a work of art : it was designed by the renowned Chinese American architect I.M. Pei . Read more : Camel beauty pageant in the UAE The museum is not just about preserving the past but also a part of Qatar 's efforts to rival Paris or New York as a cultural hub . Doha 's massive Arab Modern Art Museum and the planned Qatar National Heritage Museum are other examples of venues that have been built there recently . "  Most people think of this as an oil rich country , " says Dina Bangdel , director of art history at Virginia Commonwealth University in Qatar . "  Both museums , galleries are really saying the opposite . They 're saying , ` you know , we have a rich heritage . ' " And it is not just Qatar . From Saudi Arabia to Kuwait , countries across the region are investing big in arts and culture . Abu Dhabi , the capital of the United Arab Emirates , recently constructed its own branch of the Louvre , due to open in 2015 . A branch of the Guggenheim is scheduled to follow . Its neighbor Dubai holds one of the region 's biggest art fairs , as well as international auctions where artwork changes hands for millions of dollars . Read more : Babylon 's slow revival And the small emirate of Sharjah within the UAE has managed to establish one of the liveliest contemporary art scenes in the region . At this year 's Sharjah Biennale , an art festival held every two years , much of the art focuses on culture , and many pieces are displayed in courtyards . "  Courtyard is a metaphor for a public and yet private space and an architectural space and a place to bring people from different cultures and nationalities , " said Hoor Al Qasimi , the president of the Sharjah Art Foundation . Sharjah 's government funds the biennale , as well as the Emirate 's well-preserved heritage areas , its authentic bazaars and its 16 museums . "  We have the largest art museum in the Gulf region , " says Manal Ataya , the director of the government 's Museums Department . "  We have the largest Islamic museum in the region , and I think in terms of variety , we definitely have the largest . " Wafaa Bilal , an artist and assistant arts professor at New York University was recently commissioned by a government-sponsored gallery to create an interactive sculpture that celebrates the Arab contribution to optics . He sees the government making a concerted effort to emphasize art in public spaces . "  It looks like it is a very meaningful , deliberate attempt on the part of the government here to make Sharjah the cultural hub of the region , " Bilal says . "  And you see so much resources and effort put into this because at the end , culture and art , it is really the record of every nation . " Video : White water rafting on Iraq 's threatened rivers Yet , in Sharjah and throughout the region , artists and galleries must still contend with a degree of social conservatism . While the UAE is relatively liberal among Gulf nations , Sharjah is its most conservative emirate . At the previous biennale , an art installation was taken down following a public outcry over sensitive language in the piece . The director at the time was fired , while the event was accused of censorship . Al Qassemi says even with incidents like these , the multiple points of view reflect a richness that has developed in the contemporary art world . Also , sometimes it is a matter of law , she says . "  I think with any laws of many countries , there are restrictions in terms of law what you can or ca n't do , but outside of that I think people are very open to discussion , " she says . This article was previously published referencing the ` Arabian Gulf ' which is not in accordance with CNN 's style guide .	From Saudi Arabia to Kuwait , countries across the region are investing big in arts and culture In Doha , the Museum of Islamic Art stands on its own man-made island Sharjah has managed to establish one of the liveliest contemporary art scenes in the region Throughout the region , artists and galleries must still contend with a degree of social conservatism
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Like his long-time hero Stevie Wonder , Nigerian music pioneer Cobhams Asuquo was born visually-impaired . And again , like the American R&B legend , the lack of sight was never enough to stop Asuquo from realizing his ambitions . Instead , it only fueled his optimism and desire to achieve success . "  Being blind has played an integral role in forming who I am and I think to some extent is responsible for my optimism , " says Asuquo , an award-winning music producer , song-writer and musician . "  When you feel there 's nothing more to lose -- if you want to work towards anything , you probably will want to work towards gaining and I think that 's what being blind has done for me . " A versatile musical talent , Asuquo has been pushing the boundaries of Nigeria 's contemporary sound . His fresh mixture of different styles and beats has helped the west African country become one the continent 's modern music hotspots . "  I fuse a lot of stuff to create my music " he says . "  It varies -- it 's jazz , it 's classical , it 's Afro , it 's whatever , it depends on what best interprets the music . " ` Ghana 's Bob Marley ' spreads message of brotherhood Possessed of natural talent , the self-taught musician started honing his skills from an early age while growing up in a barracks . As a young boy , he used to organize concerts in his neighborhood , drumming on his mother 's barrels of water . "  All the kids from the neighboring block would come and we 'd hang out and we 'd make so much noise . I did n't realize at the time that I was preparing myself for what would be my life , my career path , my destiny , " Asuquo remembers . His musical journey , however , seemed to come to a halt a few years later when he entered university to pursue studies in law . But Asuquo soon realized that he had to follow his musical passion , leaving university to embark on a path that , for a young blind musician in Nigeria , was far from easy to tread . "  I had to  sleep on studio floors all across Lagos , worked at different studios , worked without pay , I 've been out on the road , out on the streets , doing my thing , " Asuquo recalls . "  I had to convince people that I could do it -- I had sessions that were canceled because they were n't sure I could deliver either because they thought I was too young or maybe as a blind person , ` how do we trust our music which is our future and investment ? ' " he adds . But it did n't take long for Asuquo to prove himself as his musical talent soon began to shine . Over the next few years he went on to work closely with internationally-renowned artists such as pop sensation Asa and R&B star Darey and today he is a much-in demand producer operating from his own studio . Meet Asa , African pop legend in the making He is also a judge on Nigeria 's "  Project Fame , " a television musical talent show where he helps young singers achieve their dreams . "  It 's important for me to mentor and inspire fresh talent , to work with fresh talent , " he says . "  I feel there is a lot I 've learned in my journey as far as music is concerned and I 'm in a position to share that knowledge . " But Asuquo is not only interested in helping out fledgling music stars . He also sees himself as an ambassador for blind young Nigerians who still face many challenges in their daily lives . "  I think it would be meaningless if I can achieve as much as I can achieve and as much as I hope to achieve and I 'm not able to affect other blind people , " he says . "  It is time to bring to the fore the needs of people with special needs and just how much they can contribute to growing Nigeria as a nation and the world . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Cobhams Asuquo is one of Nigeria 's leading music producers , song-writers and musicians The blind music pioneer has won several awards for his work He has collaborated with internationally renowned talent such as Asa and Darey
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder says he sees "  racial animus " in strident Republican opposition to some Obama administration policies . Some media conservatives say he 's playing racial politics . Holder on Sunday told ABC 's "  This Week " that "  there 's a certain level of vehemence , it seems to me , that 's directed at me  and  directed at the President . ... There 's a certain racial component to this for some people . " Holder said he also stood by comments from a 2009 speech in which he said America is a "  nation of cowards " on race and sees a crop of new voter identification laws , many of them passed by GOP-controlled state legislatures , as a way to disenfranchise minority voters . Some conservative figures accused Holder and the White House of "  playing to the fears and anxieties of minorities in hopes of scaring them to the polls in November , " as Wall Street Journal opinion writer Jason L. Riley wrote in an editorial for the paper on Monday . "  The willingness of the Obama administration to stoke racial divisions for political gain is astounding , " Riley wrote adding that the voter identification laws are intended to ensure "  ballot integrity " and that there 's no proof they suppress minority votes . Former Illinois Republican congressman turned conservative radio host Joe Walsh Tweeted : "  Simple question for Eric Holder and all others who use race to protect Obama : Is it possible to oppose Obama and not be a racist ? " The Washington Times , a conservative newspaper , said Holder had "  thrown down the race card . " Opinion : Why Holder remarks made white people mad Both sides are echoing a refrain sounded throughout Obama 's presidency but the volume is so loud that neither side can hear what the other is saying , experts say . For example , Holder 's claims speak to subtle institutional racism that is sometimes harder for those in the majority to recognize . "  That 's how racial animus or hostility works -- it does n't require people to be conscious about it , " said Imani Perry , an African-American studies professor at Princeton University . As attorney general , Holder is likely speaking to some sentiment held by the Obama administration , said Mark Anthony Neal , an African-American studies professor at Duke University . "  I rarely think of Eric Holder being rogue in his comments , " Neal said . "  He is just the one who is allowed to speak that way publicly . " And not all conservatives are motivated by race , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  I have no doubt there are conservatives who disagree with the president on policy grounds , " Gillespie said . "  And I think people need to examine their hearts sometimes and examine the ways in which stereotyping informs the ways we view things . " Holder : ` We are at a dangerous time ' Even former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's call to impeach Obama factors into the hot air surrounding race and politics , experts say . "  The reason why this comes up is that the people who support her score higher on the racial resentment battery , " Gillespie said . All of this means that voters should take a long and introspective look at what motivates their reactions to politicians and policies , experts say . "  Bias can manifest itself in lots of ways . And nobody gets a free pass on this , " Gillespie said . "  Sometimes you are more likely to be supportive of people who are like you and less likely to help people who are not like you . When that manifests in the workplace or in politics it is an issue . " Have your say	Attorney General Eric Holder sees racial animus in conservative pushback Conservatives see Obama administration as playing to "  fears " of minority voters A difference in perspectives on race at play , experts say Bias can be subtle but have big impact , scholars say
CNN  -- When Vanessa Hudgens ' naked photos hit the Internet , the "  High School Musical " star quickly apologized . But sending nude or seminude pictures , a phenomenon known as sexting , is a fast-growing trend among teens . Phillip Alpert is a registered sex offender as a result of sending a nude photograph of his 16-year-old girlfriend . The National Campaign to Prevent Teen & Unplanned Pregnancy , a private nonprofit group whose mission is to protect children , and CosmoGirl.com , surveyed nearly 1,300 teens about sex and technology . The result : 1 in 5 teens say they 've sexted even though the majority know it could be a crime . Phillip Alpert found out the hard way . He had just turned 18 when he sent a naked photo of his 16-year-old girlfriend , a photo she had taken and sent him , to dozens of her friends and family after an argument . The high school sweethearts had been dating for almost 2 1/2 years . "  It was a stupid thing I did because I was upset and tired and it was the middle of the night and I was an immature kid , " says Alpert . Orlando , Florida , police did n't see it that way . Alpert was arrested and charged with sending child pornography , a felony to which he pleaded no contest but was later convicted . He was sentenced to five years probation and required by Florida law to register as a sex offender . "  You will find me on the registered sex offender list next to people who have raped children , molested kids , things like that , because I sent child pornography , " says Alpert in disbelief , explaining , "  You think child pornography , you think 6-year-old , 3-year-old little kids who ca n't think for themselves , who are taken advantage of . That really was n't the case . " Alpert 's attorney Larry Walters agrees and he 's fighting to get Alpert removed from Florida 's sex offender registry . The law lags behind the technology , he says . "  Sexting is treated as child pornography in almost every state and it catches teens completely offguard because this is a fairly natural and normal thing for them to do . It is surprising to us as parents , but for teens it 's part of their culture . " In many states , like Florida , if a person is convicted of a crime against children , it automatically triggers registration to the sex offender registry . Thirty-eight states include juvenile sex offenders in their sex offender registries . Alaska , Florida and Maine will register juveniles only if they are tried as adults . Indiana registers juveniles age 14 and older . South Dakota registers juveniles age 15 and older . Most states allow public access to sex offender registries via the Internet and anyone with a computer can locate registered sex offenders in their neighborhoods . Watch a report on the ` sexting ' trend and how police are now getting involved " A number of states have elected not to provide Internet access to registries ; Florida is not one of them . There is no hiding for Alpert , whose neighbors , he says , all know . "  I am a sex offender . If you type my name into the search engine online , you will find me . " As sexting incidents pop up around the country , prosecutors are trying to come to terms with how these cases should be handled . George Skumanick Jr. , a district attorney from Wyoming County , Pennsylvania , took a novel approach when 20 students from Tunkhannock High School were caught allegedly sexting . He gave them a choice : probation and re-education classes or be charged with sexual abuse of a minor . "  An adult would go to prison for this , " says Skumanick , adding , "  If you take the photo , you 've committed a crime . If you send the photo , you 've committed a different crime , but essentially the same crime . " Critics , however , say child pornography laws on the possession or dissemination of graphic images were never meant to apply to teen sexting and that these teenagers usually have no criminal intent when they send pictures to each other . amFIX : Should teens be prosecuted for "  sexting " ? Fifteen-year-old Marissa Miller of northeastern Pennsylvania was 12 when she and a friend snapped themselves wearing training bras . "  I was n't trying to be sexual , " she says , "  I was having fun with my friends at a sleepover , taking pictures , dancing to music . " The picture recently surfaced on a student 's cell phone and Marissa 's mom , MaryJo Miller , was contacted by Skumanick . "  He told me that he had a full nude photo of my daughter , " says MaryJo Miller , who calls the picture innocent . Rather than force her daughter to take the classes , which would have required she write a report explaining why what she did was wrong , Miller and two other families - -- with the help of the ACLU -- are suing the district attorney to stop him from filing charges . "  We believe she was the victim and that she did nothing wrong , " says Miller . "  How can I ask her to compromise her values and write this essay , when she did n't do anything ? " Although the district attorney maintains the program is voluntary , the letter he sent to parents notes , "  Charges will be filed against those who do not participate . " Seventeen of the 20 students caught in the sexting incidents have completed the 14 hours of classes . Skumanick wo n't comment on the Miller case , but says , "  You ca n't call committing a crime fun or a prank . If you do that , you can rob a bank because you think it 's fun . " In the majority of sexting cases , it 's usually girls sending pictures to boys , who then send them to their friends . Though teens may think it 's funny and a way to flirt or even seek revenge after a breakup , there can be dangerous consequences . Last year , Jessica Logan , a Cincinnati , Ohio , teen , hanged herself after her nude photo , meant for her boyfriend , was sent to teenagers at several high schools . For months after , her father says , she was the subject of ridicule and taunts . "  Everyone knew about that photo , " Bert Logan says . "  She could not live it down . " On July 3 , his wife found her . "  She had been getting dressed to go out . The curling iron was still warm . It was so unexpected , " Logan says . "  I heard my wife scream , I ran up to Jessie 's room , but it was too late . " No charges had been filed against Jessica 's 19-year-old boyfriend , who disseminated the photo , nor had the school taken any action , Logan says . He says he and his wife want to warn parents and students of the dangers of sexting . The Logans are fighting to raise awareness nationally and to advocate for laws that address sexting and cyber-bullying . As for Alpert , life is not easy as a registered sex offender , a label he will carry until the age of 43 . He 's been kicked out of college , he can not travel out of the county without making prior arrangements with his probation officer , he has lost many friends and is having trouble finding a job because of his status as a convicted felon . He says he feels terrible about sending the photo of his ex-girlfriend , especially since they were once so close . At the same time , Alpert says , "  I 'm being punished for the rest of my life for something that took two minutes or less to do . " Says attorney Walters , "  Some judges have the good sense and reasonableness to treat this as a social problem and others are more zealous in their efforts to put everybody away and I think it 's time as a society that we step back a little bit and avoid this temptation to lock up our children . "	Phillip Alpert , now a registered sex offender , sent pictures of his 16-year-old girlfriend Marissa Miller was 12 when she took cell phone photos of herself in a bra Her mother , MaryJo , is suing the DA to prevent him from filing charges Jessica Logan committed suicide after her nude photo was sent to several teens
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Virginia looking at the health of the Chesapeake Bay . The crab population in the Chesapeake Bay is no longer as abundant as it once was . CAPE CHARLES , Virginia  CNN  -- It is just after first light , and Don Pierce gently eases the Bri-Steff off the pier at Cape Charles harbor . "  You 're sure you want to do this ? " he asks a visitor with a whimsical smile . It is the last time the word "  gently " will come to mind this day . His closest crab pot is nearly five miles out into Chesapeake Bay , and the bouncing -- and rocking -- starts just seconds after passing the mouth of the protected harbor . The Bri-Steff -- named after Pierce 's two children -- Brian and Steffanie -- is the only boat braving the rough waters on this morning . On a scale of 1 to 10 -- with 10 being as rough as he dare venture out in -- Pierce scores this morning "  about a 9 1/2 . " Pierce has been working these waters since he was a teenager . Forty-eight years now -- already eight years ' experience under his belt when the world marked the first Earth Day in April 1970 . This year is the 40th anniversary , and Pierce is downbeat when assessing the health of the environmental treasure he loves -- and on which he depends for his livelihood . "  Too much phosphorous , too much fertilizer , too much untreated waste , " Pierce says . Where does it come from ? "  We the people that live in the Chesapeake watershed mainly . We the people , " he says . "  Save the Bay " has been the region 's environmental cause for decades now . Pierce is both a believer and a skeptic . "  Where is that money going ? I mean , you know there is lots of money being donated to help her , but she 's still going downhill . You know , if we were to get a catastrophic storm like a Katrina , she might never recover . You know , that 's how bad she is . " The swells exceed 7 feet as we make our way to harvest the pots , and at times the winds and the waves combine to toss the boat like a toy . The bags of razor clams on the deck are bait this time of year -- a few scoops added to each of the pots pulled from the floor of the still-frigid bay waters . After pulling five pots , Pierce has all the evidence he needs to know the cold rains of the previous day have the crabs dormant . "  You and I wear sweatshirts and hunker down , " he says in the ship 's cabin -- messy because the waves have already dumped the pans off the small stove and sent other small equipment and supplies flying . "  When it is this cold down there , they hibernate . " Pierce lives and works most of the year in the northern Chesapeake Bay . But he is here near its southern tip because it gets warmer here a bit earlier , and the warmer the water , the more feisty -- and active -- are the blue crabs for which the bay is famous . Pierce loves his work -- and is good at it . With just one crew member this day -- in part because he knew the weather meant a relatively short day and in part to leave enough room for a CNN crew -- Pierce leaves the cabin to help harvest the crabs . He spots his buoys and uses a hook to find the rope and wrap it into the winch . Harvey Brown grabs each mesh pot as the winch pulls it out of the water , and methodically packs in more bait , shakes out the crabs into a box on deck , sorts the males from the females , tosses those too small to keep back into the bay and then drops the pot for its journey back to the bottom . Tough work in extreme elements , magnified this day by rough seas that repeatedly send water over the side and the stern onto the deck . After just a little more than a bushel , Pierce decides it is best to call it a day . We have been out in the bay for about two hours and have not seen another boat . Today , it is the combination of bad weather and the early season . But Pierce takes the longer view , remembering when he left his early work on the docks for work on the waters . "  When I started in the late '60s , there was commercial rock fishing , there was clamming , there was oystering , crabbing , " he says . "  Twenty years ago , you had striped bass and you had oysters , clamming . " Most of that is gone , Pierce says , and for all the commitment to "  Save the Bay " he is of the view little progress has been made , and that development on the shoreline , population growth in the area and runoff from area farms and lawns have greatly outpaced conservation and restoration efforts . "  It is going to take a long while , " Pierce says . "  It took 100 years to get this way ; it is going to take sizable amounts of years to bring her back . " Those who watch the bay share his assessment . The annual report by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation gave the bay a score of 28 on a scale of 100 . Or , on a school grading system , a "  D " -- the same grade as in 2007 . A 70 score would mean restoration of its health and habitats ; a 100 would mean a pristine bay with no water quality or fishery health issues . Tommy Leggett , a bay foundation scientist and onetime waterman , says by appearances alone , the southern portions of the bay are doing better . "  This is a pretty , relatively clean area , " Leggett says during a waterside stroll in Norfolk . "  But overall there is still a lot of problems with the bay from runoff , from ... sewage from sewage treatment plants , agricultural runoff . The bay is slowly improving but not at a fast enough rate , especially considering that we have been working at this for several decades now , actually 30 or 40 years . So I would say that the bay is not winning . " Pierce sees the algae blooms and grasses cited in the report as he travels a 190-mile stretch over the spring , summer and fall . And he sees a way of life struggling to survive . "  There used to be 60 to 70 boats out of my little town , " he says . "  Now there are 20 . My grandsons will not be watermen . I have got a son that is a waterman and has to work damn hard to be that waterman . So grandsons want to go , but they are not going . "  It 's very hard on relationships also . You know , that 's a tough thing . Are you going to pay the mortgage , or are you going to stay home and get so far in debt that you might lose everything that you have got , you know , to the bank ? And the banks do n't want these boats , you know , but they want to see you make it . But it is a very tough way of life now . " He breaks down the job 's tough math -- grateful , mind you , that fuel is about $ 2 a gallon this spring -- half of what it was last year . "  If you come in with say 25 bushels of crabs , that makes you , say , $ 1,000 . It still costs you $ 400 to $ 500 a day to untie her to go . If you got help , you have those expenditures . And if you do n't have good production , and low prices , there is no profit . " And if Pierce could do one thing ? "  Just give the Chesapeake Bay back her 1970 water quality , and we will have plenty of crabs , and plenty of oysters , and plenty of rockfish , and we will have a good style of life again , you know . If we could get our regulators to work that out ... to improve our water quality -- the Chesapeake Bay could heal herself . But she 's , she 's dying daily . "	Efforts are under way to save the Chesapeake Bay 's economy , environment Waterman Don Pierce has been working the bay for 48 years Shoreline development has outpaced conservation , restoration efforts , Pierce says "  She 's dying daily , " he says of Chesapeake Bay
CNN  All of these women left a mark on the world that would change people 's thinking for decades -- in some cases centuries -- to come . They wrote books that revolutionized people 's view of society ; made scientific discoveries that transformed medicine as we know it ; and brought about laws that shook up the establishment . In celebration of International Women 's Day on March 8 , Leading Women takes a look at just seven of the many females throughout history who changed the world for the betterment of all . The American author 's best-selling 1852 novel "  Uncle Tom 's Cabin " helped popularize the anti-slavery movement . Legend has it Abraham Lincoln greeted Beecher Stowe at the White House by saying : "  So you 're the little woman who wrote the book that started this great war , " in reference to the civil war . Her novel followed the life of black slave Uncle Tom , and was the second best-selling book of the 19th century after the Bible . British suffragette Emmeline Pankhurst founded the Women 's Social and Political Union  WSPU  , a group known for extreme forms of protest such as chaining themselves to railings and going on hunger strikes . "  We are here , not because we are law-breakers ; we are here in our efforts to become law-makers , " she said during a court trail in 1908 . Sadly Pankhurst never lived to see her dream become reality , dying three weeks before a law was passed giving women equal voting rights with men . "  What is done can not be undone , but one can prevent it happening again " -- Anne Frank 's "  Diary of a Young Girl . " The wisdom and wit of 13-year-old Jewish schoolgirl Anne Frank , written while hiding in Amsterdam during the Second World War , is one of the most widely-read books in the world with over 30 million copies sold . Her story of life under German occupation is a powerful record that has been translated into 67 languages and adapted for both film and theater , with her home itself turned into a museum . Frank died in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in 1945 , just weeks before it was liberated . French existentialist philosopher Simone de Beauvoir 's 1949 book "  The Second Sex " became a landmark feminist work . It analyzed the treatment and perception of women throughout history , and was deemed so controversial that the Vatican put in on the Index of Prohibited books . "  All oppression creates a state of war ; this is no exception , " said De Beauvoir , who along with partner Jean Paul Sartre was one of the most influential thinkers of the 20th century . British chemist and x-ray crystallographer Rosalind Franklin 's research was key in revealing the structure of DNA . Her x-ray photographs of the double helix were used by scientists Francis Crick , James Watson , and Maurice Wilkins , who in 1962 were jointly awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on the DNA model . However Franklin missed out on a Nobel Prize herself , dying from ovarian cancer in 1958 at 37 . American Billie Jean King was one of the greatest competitors Wimbledon had ever seen , taking home a whopping 20 titles . But she is perhaps best known for a one-off match dubbed "  The Battle of Sexes " against Bobby Riggs in 1973 . The bespectacled 29-year-old King beat 55-year-old Riggs in front of a worldwide television audience of 50 million . She later went on to form the Women 's Tennis Association and has campaigned for equal prize money for female players . "  When we plant trees , we plant the seeds of peace and hope , " said 2004 Nobel Peace Prize winning environmentalist Wangari Maathai . The Kenyan political activist founded the Green Belt Movement in 1977 in an effort to empower rural women who had started reporting their streams were drying up , their food supply was less secure , and they had to walk further than ever before for firewood . The movement has since spread across the world , campaigning on climate change and teaming up with the United Nations Environment Programme . This is by no means the definitive list of women who changed the world , and narrowing it down to just seven was a tough call . Who would you include ? Leave your suggestions in the comments box below .	In celebration of International Women 's Day we look at seven inspiring women Remarkable females made huge scientific discoveries and campaigned for equality Which women have inspired you ? Tweet your answers to @CNNIwomen
CNN  -- We love James Bond films for so many reasons : the handsome men and beautiful women , the cool gadgets and outrageous villains , the amazing chases and death-defying stunts . And , of course , the travel tips . Film after film , no one has given us more inspiration to travel the world than James Bond . "  We are always looking to offer the audience the ` wow ' experience of something amazing and different , " said Callum McDougall , executive producer of the upcoming "  Skyfall , " the 23rd film in the James Bond franchise . "  I think everyone who goes to see a Bond movie expects to be impressed by the look and the locations chosen . Certainly I was when I grew up watching them , and I do n't think that 's changed in the last 50 years . " There are two reasons to celebrate Mr. Bond in style : Global James Bond Day was October 5 , commemorating the 50th anniversary of the theatrical release of "  Dr. No , " starring Sean Connery as Agent 007 . And November 9 is the U.S. premiere of "  Skyfall , " starring the latest Bond , Daniel Craig . In celebration of all things Bond , we give you  00  7 destinations where you can experience the world James Bond-style . Religious conversions : Renovated monastery hotels and more Turkey Several locations in Turkey are featured in "  Skyfall . " "  It is where East meets West , and the colors and vibrancy of Istanbul provided us with a great backdrop and such amazing locations as the Grand Bazaar , " McDougall said . Istanbul 's Grand Bazaar has been a must-see since 1461 . More than 550 years later , it attracts nearly a half-million visitors daily . Presumably few of them other than "  Skyfall " director Sam Mendes envision its narrow , crowded aisles as a location for a high-speed chase . It is , however , an excellent place to purchase local handicrafts and to engage all your senses as you immerse yourself in the city . Railway scenes for "  Skyfall " were shot on and around Adana 's dizzying Varda Railway Bridge in southern Turkey , and beach scenes -- including one that was meant to be in the Far East -- were shot near Fethiye on the Mediterranean coast . "  Turkey actually allowed us to combine our needs of four different looks in one country , quite remarkable , " McDougall added . 7 ways to go local while traveling Key West , Florida "  Licence to Kill "  1989  kicks off with Timothy Dalton as Bond , parachuting in with his CIA pal Felix Leiter  David Hedison  to Felix 's wedding at St. Mary 's Star of the Sea Church in Key West after some insane aerial maneuvers . Other scenes shot in the area include a car chase on Seven Mile Bridge , the segmented concrete  to make it hurricane-resistant  span you 'll cross if you 're driving to Key West , and a scene at the Ernest Hemingway Home in which M  Robert Brown  demands that Bond relinquish his "  license to kill . " Hemingway , also no slouch in the adventure department , moved to the 907 Whitehead St. house in 1931 . A guided tour shows you his writing studio and introduces you to the descendants of Hemingway 's famous six-toed cats , who have unlimited license to roam the house and grounds . The Bahamas Of Bond 's many visits to the Bahamas , the most memorable is Sean Connery 's 1965 "  Thunderball " battle in the underwater caves of the Exuma Cays . They 've been known ever since as the Thunderball Grotto .  Connery returned there in 1983 for "  Never Say Never Again . " Several charter companies , including Four C 's Adventures and the Island Routes 007 Thunderball Luxury Tour , will take you out to the grotto by boat and guide you on a snorkeling route to the inside of the caves , where light seems to stream in directly from heaven and colorful fish dart about below the water 's surface . Some tours also include a visit to the nearby Exuma Cays Land and Sea Park and a stop at the Staniel Cay Yacht Club , where you can dine or spend the night . Paris With an "  I 'm too old for this stuff " look on his face , Roger Moore as Bond chased Grace Jones as May Day up the steps of the Eiffel Tower in "  A View to a Kill "  1985  , only to watch her parachute off the top in one of the film 's more memorable scenes .  It was almost as unforgettable as Duran Duran 's video for the film 's theme song . On a tour of the tower , you 'll learn about Franz Reichfelt 's tragic demonstration of his "  parachute suit " in 1912 , which should convince you that parachuting is not the thing to do here . However , if you 're feeling fit , you can climb the 704 steps from the ground to the second floor . From there , you can catch the lift to the top , where you 'll find a Champagne bar with killer views of its own . Schilthorn , Switzerland "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service "  1969  took us to the mountaintop : the 2,970-meter-high Schilthorn in Switzerland 's Bernese Alps , which George Lazenby as Bond skied down at breathtaking speed , with Telly Savalas as Blofeld in pursuit . It 's one of the great movie ski chase scenes , now documented in an exhibit at Piz Gloria , the world 's first revolving restaurant , which doubled as the Bleuchamp Institute for Allergy Research in the film . Organized Bond-themed excursions that include a James Bond breakfast at Piz Gloria start from the car-free town of MÃ 1/4 rren , or you can glide up the mountain yourself on a 32-minute aerial cable car trip that originates in Stechelberg . For more Bond-style adventure , ski the mountain 's 15.8 km mixed-terrain Inferno course . Experienced skiers usually cover it in about 45 minutes ; competitors in the annual Inferno Race -- the largest amateur ski race in the world -- can do it in 15 . Bregenz , Austria The James Bond producers were so impressed by the 2007 production of Tosca at the open-air SeebÃ 1/4 hne floating stage on Lake Constance  or Bodensee  , they knew they had to work it into a film . That 's why in "  Quantum of Solace "  2008  , Daniel Craig finds himself chasing bad guys under the startling open-eye backdrop of the "  Tosca " set designed by Johannes Leiacker . The annual Bregenz Festival , approaching its 67th season , are only slightly less exciting . The next Opera on the Lake will be Mozart 's "  The Magic Flute , " which opens July 17 and runs through the summer . Bregenz itself , in western Austria , is known for its contemporary architecture , such as the Festival House concert hall adjacent to the floating stage . Guided tours of both are conducted year-round . Auyuittuq National Park , Canada "  Nobody Does it Better " than the opening sequence of "  The Spy Who Loved Me "  1977  , in which Roger Moore BASE jumps off the edge of a mountain and ... whoosh ! A Union Jack parachute opens and wafts him to safety . "  No effects , all done in camera for real , " McDougall points out .  BASE is an acronym for Buildings , Antennas , Spans and Earth , the four things you can jump from . The mountain , with its distinctive twin flat-topped peaks at 6,598 feet , is Mount Asgard in Auyuittuq National Park on Baffin Island , Canada . Serious outdoors people find the 7,370-square-mile arctic park a haven of pristine beauty offering 24-hour daylight in summer . Accessible via the Inuit hamlets of Pangnirtung and Qikiqtarjuaq , which can be reached only by small plane , the park requires that all visitors attend a safety orientation before they embark on their travels . For this level of adventure , only experienced wilderness travelers -- and MI-6 agents -- need apply .	No film series has provided more travel inspiration than James Bond His cinematic stops have included the Bahamas , Paris and Swiss mountains "  We are always looking to offer the audience the ` wow ' experience , " producers said .
CNN  -- About 130 trained mountain rescuers returned before dawn Sunday to search for a skydiver who went missing three days ago in the mountains east of Seattle , a spokeswoman for the King County Sheriff 's Office said . "  We do n't know if he 's on the ground . We do n't know if his parachute deployed , and he 's stuck up in a tree somewhere , " Sgt. Cindy West said . Sunday 's search began at 5 a.m. , she said . Kurt Ruppert , of Lake City , Florida , was reported missing Thursday by two friends after he failed to show up at a landing zone , authorities said . Ruppert was making his second jump from a helicopter above Washington 's rugged Cascade Mountains when he went missing , they said . Authorities believe Ruppert jumped from an altitude of about 6,500 feet while wearing a special jumpsuit known as a "  wingsuit , " which allows a person to soar and glide before deploying a parachute . Searchers used the trajectory of the helicopter and cell phone signals from Ruppert 's phone to narrow down the rescue area . Authorities did not say how they determined the cell phone signal , and it was not clear whether he attempted to use it or if authorities were able to track the signal another way . Two friends who shared the price of a helicopter rental with Ruppert did not see whether his parachute opened on his second jump , authorities said . Ruppert was not dressed for enduring Washington 's cold overnight climate in the mountains . "  We still consider this a rescue mission , " West said . "  We realize that it is cold outside . But we are hoping he is alive and his parachute got stuck in a tree or something . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Sunday search began at 5 a.m. , police say Kurt Ruppert , 29 , went missing Thursday after he jumped out of a helicopter Ruppert was parachuting over Washington 's Cascade Mountains He was wearing a special " wingsuit " when he made the jump
Departures  -- In 1829 , Englishman George Stephenson brought to life the first steam-powered locomotive -- named Rocket -- and marked the birth of train travel . Fast-forward 183 years , and today 's jet-setting lives are lived at breakneck speed . One can climb aboard a Gulfstream G550 jet in Miami and make it to Seoul , South Korea , in a bit less than 15 hours for an impromptu business meeting . But when it comes to luxury train travel , finding the fastest route between two points is not the goal . It is more about settling back in one 's seat and savoring the experience , one station at a time . The train trips on this list are diverse , encompassing varied cultures within epic journeys , like a four-week excursion through Africa with stops at the pyramids and Victoria Falls , or a two-week Trans-Siberian sojourn through Russia that crosses eight time zones and travels a quarter of the way around the world . Departures : Riding the Ferrari train Not all cover thousands of miles . Micro journeys -- such as a day trip through the thick , green vegetation of Peru to climb the steps of Machu Picchu -- can be just as eye-opening . And some trips are about a sense of place , offering a comfortable feeling that you may slip into when , say , sipping whisky aboard a train rolling through the Scottish Highlands . T. S. Eliot once said , "  The journey not the arrival matters . " After embarking on these train adventures , we think you 'll agree completely . All aboard : Railroad adventures for every budget Al Andalus , Andalucía , Spain This 800-mile trip aboard the Al Andalus , through the homeland of Pablo Picasso and Federico García Lorca , is nothing short of romantic . The train winds its way through some of southern Spain 's most iconic medieval cities -- Seville , Córdoba , Granada , Ronda and Cádiz . They are areas where hard-fought religious battles resulted in today 's cultural kaleidoscope , a tightly woven fabric touched by Moorish and Catholic influence . Best of all , traveling from the glittering Alhambra palace in Granada to the palm-lined squares and wide streets of Jerez in an original 1929 Wagons-Lits carriage lends a sense of old-world glamour and history . $ 3,220 , including meals ; luxurytrainclub.com . Departures : World 's most beautiful bridges Eastern & Oriental Express , Singapore to Bangkok Luxury is second nature on the opulent Eastern & Oriental Express , as evidenced by the open-air observation car at the back of the train for taking in panoramic views of the countryside and a resident pianist performing in the bar car . The seven-day , six-night Fables of the Hills journey zips through the mist-covered Cameron Highlands and past Bukit Merah , home to one of Malaysia 's largest freshwater lakes , with an opportunity to disembark and taste the teas and strawberries grown in the hills . Guests can later take in dramatic views of the River Kwai as they pass over the historic Tham Kasae viaduct built along the mountain . $ 9,200 , including meals ; orient-express . com . How we 'll travel in 2022 Golden Eagle Trans-Siberian Express , Moscow to Vladivostok , Russia Travelers aboard the Golden Eagle 's two-week Trans-Siberian expedition are in for a wild ride . They will cover 6,000 miles , crossing eight time zones , traveling a quarter of the way around the world in the process . But with luxurious amenities like a Champagne welcome reception , heated floors and dedicated butler service , guests can settle into their seats and focus on taking in the uniquely Russian scenery -- from the Ural Mountains dividing Europe and Asia to the classic wooden architecture of Irkutsk -- as Tchaikovsky symphonies play gently in the background . Do n't miss the freshwater seals at Lake Baikal . $ 21,020 , including meals ; luxurytrainclub.com . Departures : World 's most bikeable wine regions Hiram Bingham , Cuzco to Machu Picchu , Peru This is one of the shortest trips on our list -- just three and a half hours each way -- but it packs a punch . Those who board the Hiram Bingham receive a warm towel and are asked to sign a leather-bound guest book . After brunch , spectacular sights  like the snowcapped Vilcabamba Mountains  begin to unfold outside the windows as the train zigzags along switchbacks through the agricultural terraces of the Incan city of Jaquijahuana . Then it is on to the cloud-laden Urubamba Gorge , thick with green vegetation , before finally arriving at Aguas Calientes , just a bit more than a mile from the famous lost city of Machu Picchu , with its more than 3,000 steps looming in the distance . Meals and tea are enjoyed at Machu Picchu Sanctuary Lodge Hotel . $ 350 , including meals ; orient-express . com . Departures : Amazing private safaris Pride of Africa , Cape Town to Cairo This 28-day excursion through South Africa , Zimbabwe , Tanzania , Uganda and Egypt does n't confine itself to land travel  there is a luxury air safari and lake cruise included  , but the adventure 's crown jewel is its majestic Pride of Africa train . Guests will take in a broad swath of Africa , from a visit with chimpanzees in Uganda to a tour of the pyramids and the Great Sphinx in Egypt to the rushing waters of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe -- a sight so powerful , explorer David Livingstone said the falls must have been "  gazed upon by angels in their flight . " Back onboard , guests can relax in leather seats and enjoy fine South African wines in the lounge car . And for the adventurous set , the train provides complimentary goggles in the event one should want to stick his or her head out the window . The trip is a rare treat , departing only once every two years , and sets out next in January 2014 . From $ 6,200 , including meals , laundry and excursions ; rovos.com . Departures : Top Alaska cruises Royal Canadian Pacific , Canadian Rockies This is a trip so regal , it attracts royalty , in the form of Queen Elizabeth II , who traveled in a Royal Canadian Pacific train shortly after her marriage to the Duke of Edinburgh . The six-day , five-night excursion , which begins and ends in Calgary , scales the Spiral Tunnels of Yoho National Park , during which the Royal Canadian climbs 1,070 feet in 10 miles of track along a narrow mountain pass . Perilous ? Perhaps . But the views of the Rocky Mountains afforded by this near-vertical trek are some of the most spectacular in the world . Other highlights include the opportunity to lounge by the emerald waters of Lake Louise in the unspoiled wilderness of Banff National Park . $ 8,145 , including meals ; luxurytrainclub.com . The Royal Scotsman , Scottish Highlands The Royal Scotsman 's Highland Journey begins and ends in the capital city of Edinburgh . From there , the train heads north through the former Kingdom of Fife , filled with fishing villages and rolling green pastures , and then onward and upward to the rugged crags of the famed Highlands . At night , a local clansman tells tales of Scottish history , and an informal whisky tasting allows guests to get acquainted with Scotland 's national drink . The second day is filled with activities in the Rothiemurchus Forest , home to wild hare , osprey and red deer . Guests can shoot clay pigeons or fish before the night winds down with a tour of Strathisla , one of the oldest working distilleries in Scotland . $ 4,020 , including meals ; royalscotsman.com Departures : See two more spectacular rail trips Are you a rail enthusiast ? What train trips would you recommend ? Please share your suggestions in the comments section below . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Luxury train travel is about enjoying the ride and savoring the sights The Al Andalus winds its way through southern Spain 's most iconic medieval cities The Trans-Siberian Express crosses 6,000 miles and eight time zones
CNN  -- Chelsea crushed Champions League hopefuls Aston Villa 7-1 on Saturday to keep the pressure on English Premier League leaders Manchester United ahead of next weekend 's showdown between the two top teams . The London club briefly returned to the top of the table before champions United won 4-0 at Bolton in the late match to restore their one-point advantage . With the title race set to go to the wire , Chelsea will take a two-goal for-and-against differential over United to Old Trafford on Saturday after thrashing Villa at home to follow up the midweek 5-0 romp at Portsmouth . Frank Lampard fired four goals , two of them from the penalty spot , to become Chelsea 's third-highest scorer on the club 's all-time list with 151 . Norway striker John Carew canceled out Lampard 's 15th-minute opener for his ninth goal in eight games , but Chelsea led 2-1 at halftime with the England midfielder 's first spot-kick just before the break . France winger Florent Malouda , who set up the opener , scored the first of his two goals 12 minutes after the interval to open the floodgates , with four more coming in the final half-hour as Lampard took his season tally to 21 in all competitions . The result was even more remarkable given that Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti opted to rest 30-goal striker Didier Drogba , while John Terry broke the club record with his 325th outing as captain . It ended Villa 's 10-match unbeaten run , leaving the visitors seven points adrift of Tottenham in the battle for the fourth Champions League place . Manchester United , by comparison , cruised past a struggling Bolton team thanks to a fortunate own-goal from JLloyd Samuel and a second-half double from Dimitar Berbatov . United 's top scorer Wayne Rooney and England captain Rio Ferdinand were rested due to minor injuries ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League quarterfinal against Bayern Munich . Defender Samuel inexplicably slotted Ryan Giggs ' low cross past his goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen in the 38th minute as United profited from a record 11th own-goal this season -- the club 's second highest scorer . Veteran keeper Edwin van Der Sar preserved the lead with a flying save from Fabrice Muamba , but the Dutchman was lucky to avoid an embarrassing moment when the home side took a quick corner while he was well out of his goal arguing with the referee . Berbatov , playing on his own up front , made it 2-0 in the 68th minute when he was first to react after Jaaskelainen could only parry Darren Fletcher 's shot , then the Bulgarian sealed victory 10 minutes later with a slick finish from Nani 's low cross . Portugal winger Nani , who signed a new contract during the week , then set up young substitute midfielder Darren Gibson on 82 . Third-placed Arsenal 's title hopes were dented after conceding a late equalizer at Birmingham . France midfielder Samir Nasri put the Londoners ahead with a low drive in the 81st minute , but veteran substitute Kevin Phillips netted a fortunate leveler in injury-time as Bacary Sagna 's attempted clearance hit him and rebounded into the net past goalkeeper Manuel Almunia . The draw left Arsenal four points behind United with six matches to play ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League quarterfinal against holders Barcelona , while ninth-placed Birmingham are unbeaten at home since last September . Tottenham consolidated fourth place with a 2-0 victory at bottom side Portsmouth as England striker Peter Crouch and Croatia midfielder Niko Kranjcar scored in the first half against their former club . Portsmouth suffered injuries to defender Hermann Hreidarsson , striker Danny Webber and veteran goalkeeper David James ahead of next month 's FA Cup semifinal between the two teams . Fifth-placed Manchester City will seek to close the deficit on Spurs to two points again with victory at home to Wigan on Monday , while Liverpool will look to keep their slim top-four hopes alive with a win over Sunderland on Sunday . Everton remained in eighth place with a 0-0 draw at Wolverhampton , who are now five points clear of the relegation zone . Stoke moved up to 10th with a 1-0 win at West Ham , who were left hovering above the drop zone on goal difference . Hull joined West Ham on 27 points with a 2-0 victory against Fulham , who dropped to 11th .	Chelsea crush Aston Villa 7-1 to stay a point behind English leaders Manchester United Frank Lampard nets four goals to become Chelsea 's third-highest all-time scorer United beat Bolton 4-0 as Dimitar Berbatov scores twice in absence of Wayne Rooney Third-placed Arsenal 's title hopes dented after conceding a late equalizer at Birmingham
New York  CNN  -- Juror deliberations got under way Tuesday in the case against alleged Russian arms trafficker Viktor Bout , marking a near-end to the high-profile trial . Bout is charged with a wide range of counts , including conspiracy to kill Americans , attempting to sell arms to undercover federal agents , wire fraud and violating U.N. Security Council sanctions . If convicted , he faces life in prison . Assistant U.S. Attorney Brendan McGuire on Tuesday boasted that the evidence against Bout "  is overwhelming , " pointing to alleged ties with a variety of armed conflicts . "  He did everything he could to show that he could be a one-stop shop " for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , said McGuire . The jury is expected to reconvene Wednesday at 10 a.m. EDT . Bout , widely dubbed "  the Merchant of Death " and often referred to by American officials as among the most notorious of global arms traffickers , has pleaded not guilty to all charges . His attorney , Albert Dayan , said the former Soviet air force officer was not involved in illegal arms sales , telling jurors that federal agents baited Bout into selling the weapons alongside a deal to sell airplanes . Dayan says his client has been unfairly charged . The heart of the charges against Bout stem from a 2008 sting operation in Thailand by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency . According to a 2008 federal indictment , undercover agents posing as FARC rebels attempted to buy larges caches of weapons from Bout . Agents tried to buy 700 to 800 surface-to-air missiles , thousands of AK-47s , and landmines , according to the indictment . They told Bout that they wanted the arms "  to kill Americans , " to which Bout said that he "  was going to prepare everything the FARC needed . " Before the arrest , the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland , which had long sheltered and defended him . Undercover agents met with Bout 's associates the world over , from Curacao to Copenhagen , in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target , according to the indictment . He was extradited to the United States in 2010 following protracted court proceedings in Thailand . Critics accuse Bout of providing larger and more powerful arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . The 2005 movie "  Lord of War , " starring Nicolas Cage , was inspired by Bout 's life .	NEW : The jury is expected to reconvene Wednesday at 10 a.m. EDT Viktor Bout is accused of trying to sell weapons to agents posing as Colombian rebels Bout 's life inspired the movie "  Lord of War , " starring Nicolas Cage
CNN  -- Sometimes an actor takes on the role of an iconic figure and they do a good job . Sometimes they do a lousy job . But sometimes , very rarely , they disappear into their role so perfectly that all you have left is the person they 're playing . Such is the case with Michelle Williams in Simon Curtis ' moving and thoroughly enjoyable "  My Week With Marilyn . " About 15 minutes into the film , the first she 's been called on to completely carry , Williams vanishes . All that remains is Marilyn . It 's a magnificent performance and one of the most heartbreaking celebrity stories there is . In the summer of 1956 , Marilyn Monroe , newly married to writer Arthur Miller  Dougray Scott  , traveled to England to shoot "  The Prince and the Showgirl " with co-star/director Laurence Olivier  Kenneth Branagh  . The third assistant director , aka gofer , on that production was Colin Clark  Eddie Redmayne  , a 24 - year-old aspiring filmmaker on whose memoir the film is based . He rapidly became Monroe 's confidant and ally , the only person on the crew on whom she could rely . Needless to say , he fell hopelessly in love with her , but really , what choice did he have ? Marilyn Monroe was like a lottery ticket . You know you 're not going to win , but when those numbers come up , damned if you 're not sure you 're going to pocket millions . Of course Colin would n't actually have won had he ended up with Monroe , but she was someone who men desperately wanted to take care of . After all , she was Marilyn Monroe . That 's a roll of the dice very few would be able to pass up . As Monroe , Williams is nothing short of dazzling . She 's managed to inhabit perhaps the most iconic woman in American history and not only her public persona , at that . To do a decent job of mimicking a well-known figure , all one has to do is capture their mannerisms and voice and let the makeup department handle the rest . However to truly capture the essence of someone , the actor has to convince us that we 're watching them , not an actor playing them . We have to believe that if , for example , no record of that person in casual situations exists , the actor has captured what they would actually be like . We have all seen images of Marilyn Monroe , Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley , perhaps the three most-famous pre-Michael Jackson entertainers in history , in public , on stage or in films . But there 's very little recorded of them in private times . What Williams does is create a fully realized portrait of Monroe . It does n't matter if her portrayal is 100 % accurate . It feels 100 % accurate . As for the production within the film , Monroe 's reputation of difficulty on the set follows her to England , and what 's more , she brings acting coach Paula Strasberg  wife of famed acting teacher Lee , played by ZoÃ "  Wanamaker  with her . Whenever things get rough for her , which was often , Marilyn retreats to her dressing room or cottage with Paula , leaving Olivier to stew and the production be damned . As the director and star , Olivier is used to getting his way and is not a method actor . He does n't understand Monroe 's need to believe in her character and finds her questions about motivation frustrating . One ca n't help but be reminded of the  likely at least partially apocryphal  story about Olivier on the set of "  Marathon Man " when , after Dustin Hoffman has stayed up all night supposedly to accurately portray his character 's state of mind , Olivier retorted with something along the lines of : "  Why do n't you try acting , dear boy . It 's so much easier . " It 's a case of when styles collide and at one point Branagh explodes on set that "  teaching Marilyn how to act is like trying to teach Urdu to a badger ! " It 's a great line , and Branagh is excellent as Olivier . It serves to underscore the differences in their styles and how frustrating Monroe 's behavior was for Olivier . For her part , Olivier 's bluster turned Monroe 's already present insecurities into full-blown panic attacks . When you 're watching Williams go through Monroe 's struggle with self-doubt and an increasingly serious pill problem , there 's no doubt in your mind that it 's Marilyn Monroe . You feel her pain , her fears and , on a rare occasion , her joy . Williams perfectly captures Monroe 's legendary vulnerabilities and in the culmination of a series of scenes , the duality of Norma Jeane Baker , the person she was , and Marilyn Monroe , the woman she became . After an afternoon spent secretly touring Windsor Castle , courtesy of Sir Owen Morshead  Colin 's godfather and the castle librarian , played by Derek Jacobi  , Colin and Monroe are spotted by castle staff . Leaning into Colin , Monroe whispers "  Shall I be her ? " and instantly , Norma Jeane disappears and Marilyn is there , shimmying , posing and doing exactly what 's expected of her . It seems like she gets a kick out of it but at the same time , there 's a sadness in her leaving Norma Jeane behind , once again . At once lightweight and melancholy , "  My Week With Marilyn " does n't purport to reveal any deep , dark secrets or illuminate any truths that we already do n't know . In fact , we do n't know for certain that any of this actually happened at all . I 'd like to think that it did , though . "  My Week With Marilyn " is rated R and contains some foul language , pill-popping and some discrete female nudity .	As Marilyn Monroe , Michelle Williams is nothing short of dazzling What Williams does is create a fully realized portrait of Monroe "  My Week With Marilyn " does n't purport to reveal any deep , dark secrets
CNN  -- The largest kosher food brand in the United States , Hebrew National , known for its tagline "  We Answer to a Higher Authority , " is being sued in federal court for allegedly not meeting the kosher standards it famously advertises . The lawsuit , which was first filed by 11 plaintiffs in May , alleges that the popular brand has been negligent and violated several consumer fraud laws when it failed to follow its own standards for kosher meat . According to accusations made in the complaint , Hebrew National products are not being made from 100 % kosher beef and the food processing plants used by the company fail to follow the procedures necessary to meet its kosher definition . Hebrew National 's "  deceptive and wrongful conduct is designed to mislead and deceive consumer into purchasing its Hebrew National products , at premium prices , by labeling and marketing it as 100 % kosher , " the complaint states . Pastor 's reality food show pitch : Christians and Jews bonding over hot dogs ConAgra Foods Inc. , the parent company of Hebrew National and defendant in the case , denies the allegations . "  Hebrew National hotdogs are kosher , and this lawsuit is without merit , " according to a written statement from Teresa A. Paulsen , vice president of communications and external relations for ConAgra Foods . "  Hebrew National 's kosher status is certified by a well-recognized and authorized third party . There is close rabbinical supervision of the food preparation process and packaging equipment . " The complaint stipulates that Hebrew National receives meat products from AER Services Inc. , an Illinois-based company that provides kosher meat processing and inspection services . In addition , Hebrew National employs a third party , Triangle K and Associates , to act as a certifier , guaranteeing the kosher nature of all AER products received . Hot dog eating championship is marketing magic for Nathan 's "  The Triangle K symbol is a trademarked logo that signifies ` kashruth '  kosher  as defined by the most stringent Jews who follow Orthodox Jewish Law , " the Hebrew National website states . "  It 's a symbol of integrity , representing the most trusted and reliable name in strict rabbinical food certification and supervision . " But according to the lawsuit , certain AER employees involved in the process have complained to supervisors at both AER and Triangle K that certain procedures were rendering the meat not kosher . The lawsuit alleges that despite warnings , little or nothing was done to fix the problem , "  rather , the persons making the complaints were terminated or otherwise threatened with adverse retaliation , such as job transfers . " A statement from Triangle K described the accusations as "  outrageously false and defamatory , " claiming they had "  been made by anonymous disgruntled individuals against Triangle K 's strict rabbinical supervision of Hebrew National products . " Neither AER Services nor Triangle K and Associates is listed as a defendant in this lawsuit . Attorneys for the plaintiffs are now pushing for the case to be granted class action status . Court documents indicate that ConAgra has until July 13 to respond to the class action complaint . Inside a Kosher BBQ competition	Hebrew National accused of not following kosher meat standards as it claims Lawsuit accuses the company of "  deceptive and wrongful conduct " The parent company of Hebrew National denies the allegations "  There is close rabbinical supervision of the food preparation process , " it says
CNN  -- Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay has entered a treatment facility , the team said Tuesday , following his arrest on suspicion of driving while intoxicated . Irsay was arrested Sunday . He 's charged with DWI and four counts of possession of a controlled substance . "  Yesterday , Jim Irsay took the first step toward regaining good health . He voluntarily checked into a highly respected health care facility and is committed to undergoing the treatment and care necessary to help him meet his challenges head-on , " the Colts said in a statement . "  Jim , the Irsay family , and the Colts organization are all deeply appreciative of the incredible outpouring of support and compassion from our fans and the Indiana community . " According to police in Carmel , Indiana , officers stopped Irsay at 11:41 p.m. Sunday in Carmel for driving slowly , stopping in a roadway and failing to use his turn signal . He failed roadside field sobriety tests , and a search of his vehicle found prescription drugs in pill bottles , police said . The drugs reportedly were not associated with any prescription bottles in the vehicle . Report : Irsay 's behavior was alarming around Colts organization Twitter reacts to the arrest CNN 's Kevin Dotson and Sho Wills contributed to this report .	Jim Irsay was arrested Sunday in Carmel , Indiana He 's charged with driving while intoxicated , possession of a controlled substance Colts : Irsay voluntarily checked into the facility , is committed to regaining his health
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- His is one of the most famous faces in the world -- a symbol of dignity and reconciliation for many . Those protecting Mandela 's image want him remembered as more than just a face on a T-shirt But those now trying to protect his image say Nelson Mandela is also in danger of becoming an exploited brand , emblazoned on clothing , smiling from unauthorized paintings and commemorated in a proliferation of tacky memorabilia . "  What we do n't want is for him to become another Che Guevara , another face on a T-shirt , " says Achmed Dangor , head of the Nelson Mandela Foundation , which organizes charitable projects on behalf of the former South African president . Dangor and the Mandela Foundation have been aggressive in clamping down on what they say is an illegal use of Mandela 's image . Artist Yuill Damasso , one of 200 people worldwide who have been warned against exploiting the Nobel laureate 's iconic status , says the Foundation is being heavy handed . "  The people around him , trying to protect him , are being overprotective . He is widely regarded as the father of freedom now , yet we are not allowed to depict his image , " he says . Problems protecting Mandela 's image stand in contrast to the 27 years he spent in prison when photographs of him were outlawed , althought this did n't stop him becoming a poster star of overseas anti-apartheid campaigns . But playing policeman is not just about protecting his image from overexposure , says Verne Harris , archivist with the Nelson Mandela Foundation . "  Legacy is not something you receive in pristine form and your role is to hold it over time . We believe legacy is made , constantly remade , " he says . The Foundation says it is aware that Mandela will exist as a brand long after he is gone . But it says it wants to make sure he 's instantly remembered as a man who helped changed history -- a man whose qualities of reconciliation , forgiveness and hope can be emulated by all . "  For us , our role is about fostering that process . South Africa has a stake in that legacy . Arguably , the world has a stake in that legacy , " says Harris "  It 's not about ownership -- custody -- but creating spaces for this to continue growing . "	200 people worldwide warned against misuse of Mandela 's image Nelson Mandela Foundation strives to protect the Mandels "  brand " Artists say Foundation is being heavy handed
