Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Michael Jackson 's personal physician , is refusing to testify in the wrongful death lawsuit that the singer 's mother filed against concert promoter AEG Live . If called , he will plead the fifth so as not to incriminate himself , the doctor said in a statement sent to the Jackson family . Murray has never been questioned under oath about Jackson 's death , which occurred on his watch . He did not testify at his trial , where he was found guilty of causing Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , by administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what he told police was an attempt to cure the singer 's insomnia . He is serving a four-year sentence but could be out in two . On Monday , he was supposed to be deposed in the wrongful death suit . But lawyers for Jackson 's mother , Katherine , and her three children called off their jailhouse visit because Murray swore "  he would not answer any questions at the deposition or the trial , " Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle told CNN . He said the Jackson case would not suffer without his testimony . AEG 's lawyer suggests the Jacksons canceled Murray 's deposition because his testimony would "  destroy " their case . "  They are not interested in the truth , " said the lawyer , Marvin Putnam . Asserting his ` Fifth Amendment privilege ' The cancellation came after Murray 's attorney Valerie Wass sent the Jacksons a sworn statement signed by Murray making it clear he would not answer any questions while his involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson 's death is being appealed . "  Accordingly , if I am called or ordered to testify at deposition or trial in the Katherine Jackson vs AEG wrongful death case , I will be asserting my Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination and refuse to answer any questions , " Murray 's declaration said . Jury selection in the civil trial is set to begin April 2 in a Los Angeles County court . Prince Jackson , the pop star 's oldest son , is expected to testify about his father 's last days . Jacksons : Focus back on AEG The Jackson lawsuit contends that AEG Live is responsible for Jackson 's death because it hired and supervised Dr. Murray , who was administering the surgical anesthetic propofol to Jackson each night for a month to induce sleep as he prepared for a series of concerts organized by AEG Live . A jury found Dr. Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter after hearing testimony that he violated medical standards in his treatment of Jackson . "  Dr. Murray 's choice to keep quiet puts the focus back on the company , AEG , that hired Dr. Murray and agreed to pay him over $ 1.5 million a year , and provide Murray with a large house and drivers and other perks , to make sure that the company 's biggest asset , Michael Jackson , made it to the shows on time , no matter what , " Boyle , the Jacksons ' lawyer said . A judge ruled last month that Jackson lawyers could question Murray at the Los Angeles County jail , where he is serving his prison sentence . AEG : Testimony destroys Jacksons ' claim "  The Jacksons told the world that they wanted Dr. Murray 's deposition , and then when the Court gave it to them , they canceled it , " Putnam , the AEG lawyer , told CNN on Sunday . "  They have had all of their claims dismissed except negligent hiring , and they do n't want Dr. Murray to be deposed because he will tell them what he already told the police : that he worked for Michael Jackson ; that Michael Jackson , not AEG , was his employer ; and that Michael Jackson personally invited him to join the ` This is It ' tour long before anyone at AEG had even heard of him . The Jacksons canceled the deposition because that testimony destroys the only claim they have left . They are not interested in the truth . " Back and forth The Jacksons ' lawyer argued , in response to Putnam 's comment , that AEG was not interested in having Murray take the stand in the trial . "  AEG did not even try to get Dr. Murray to talk , " Boyle said . "  AEG is simply not telling the truth . AEG ca n't run from the fact that they hired the man who is in jail for killing the greatest entertainer the world has ever known . " Wass , who unsuccessfully objected to the deposition , said she advised Murray to invoke his Fifth Amendment right to not answer questions because of his appeal . The appeal brief is expected to be filed next week . Jacksons plan to use e-mails Jackson died two weeks before his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , organized by AEG Live , were to have debuted in London in the summer of 2009 . E-mails the Jackson 's plan to use in their case suggested that the promoter was worried about Jackson 's missed rehearsals and they sought Murray 's help in getting him ready . Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson and their grandmother contend that AEG Live 's pressure on Murray to have Jackson ready for daily rehearsals despite his fragile health led to his death from the propofol overdose . A cornerstone of the Jacksons ' case is an e-mail AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware wrote 11 days before Jackson 's death . The e-mail to show director Kenny Ortega addressed concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Jackson lawyers , calling it a "  smoking gun , " argue the e-mail is evidence that AEG Live used Murray 's fear of losing his $ 150,000-a-month job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . Billions at stake The lawsuit seeks a judgment against AEG Live equal to the money Jackson would have earned over the course of his remaining lifetime if he had not died . If AEG Live is found liable , it could cost the company several billion dollars , according to estimates of Jackson 's income potential . AEG Live is a subsidiary of AEG , a global entertainment company that was recently for sale with an $ 8 billion asking price . The company announced last week it was no longer for sale .	Murray : "  I will be asserting my Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination " Jackson lawyers cancel deposition of Murray The Jacksons claim AEG Live bears responsibility for pop icon 's death AEG : Jacksons canceled deposition because Murray would "  destroy " their case
CNN  -- The bad news just keeps coming for English Premier League champions Manchester United . Already out of the FA and League Cups , another English Premier defeat to Stoke at the weekend left the club lagging 15 points behind leaders Arsenal and now an online survey of Chinese fans reveals the London club has eclipsed United as the most popular football club in China . Arsenal edged David Moyes ' side as the most popular club with Italian side AC Milan third , and ahead of Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona . Germany was chosen as the most popular national side in China ahead of Italy and Spain while the English Premier League was the overwhelming favorite national division among Chinese fans , receiving 50 % of the votes ahead of Spain 's La Liga and Italy 's Serie A . The survey was conducted by Coventry University 's Center for the International Business of Sport  CIBS  in England between September and November last year , and drew a total of 15,586 responses . CIBS researcher Jiajia Song offered a possible explanation for why Chinese football fans may prefer Arsenal to Manchester United , which has regularly toured in the Far East . "  Fans are more likely to support a club team when players from their favorite national squad regularly make the starting line-up , " said researcher Jiajia Song , who worked on the survey . "  This means players like Mesut Ozil and Lukas Podalski , both German international players and players for Arsenal , are likely to fulfill an important commercial and marketing role for club , country and league . " Arsenal first played in China in 1995 but did not tour again until 2011 , reportedly because manager Arsene Wenger preferred to focus on preseason training in Europe rather than embarking on potentially lucrative international tours . Many of Arsenal 's Premier League rivals , including United , Manchester City , Liverpool and Chelsea , have traveled to China and other Asian nations in the hope of boosting their preseason coffers . But Professor Simon Chadwick , director of the CIBS , argues the potential revenue from a club 's global fanbase is not being maximized . "  There 's no doubt that clubs generate revenue from China , South Korea and Japan , " Chadwick explained on Twitter . "  Whether they make a profit is a different matter . "  Typically , less than 10 % of turnover from a Premier League club comes from overseas sales . Compare European football to NBA in China , for example . "  The NBA has physical and marketing infrastructure set up on the ground to capitalize on opportunities to serve fans and customers . " For now , Arsenal and its Premier League peers still deem it worthwhile to travel east to play in front of their global fans , but they face growing competition from China 's domestic game . The Chinese Super League was established in 2004 , rebranding the Jia-A league formed a decade earlier , and it has now been expanded to 16 teams . Guangzhou Evergrande is the club taking the domestic league by storm and last November it became the first Chinese winners of the Asian Champions League . The Chinese champions claims it regularly attracts 45,000 fans . Evergrande is coached by Italian Marcello Lippi , who guided Italy to the 2006 World Cup . The foundation for Lippi 's success is a group of burgeoning Chinese talent ; he only has three international players among his ranks largely because the Chinese league limits each club to employing five international players .	Arsenal is the most popular soccer club among Chinese fans , according to a new survey Manchester United and AC Milan were the next popular clubs in 16,000-fan survey English Premier League clubs still struggle to profit from overseas fansbase In China , Guangzhou Evergrande are taking the domestic league by storm
European policy must change to attract business investment , says the boss of tyre manufacturing giant Pirelli . Marco Tronechetti Provera , chief executive officer of the Milan-based company , said Europe , three years into financial crisis , is regarded as a "  burden . " Businesses need more visibility around the future if the policymakers want to restart economic growth , he added . "  European policy has to be changed , . All people around Europe are asking for this , " he said . Read more : European leaders frosty on eurozone future Pirelli , founded in 1872 , employs 34,000 people worldwide and Provera told CNN the company is looking to emerging markets to expand its business . He said : "  In the last few years we entered China , we entered Russia , we entered Mexico , we strengthened our position in Latin America . We are the largest player in the Middle East . " Read more : Finnish PM : Eurozone nations must follow the rules Provera said Pirelli , which started life as a family-run business and flourished into the world 's fifth-largest tyre maker , is typical of Italian entrepreneurship . "  I think that in our country , we have an attitude towards entrepreneurship that is really one of the best assets for the country , " Provera said . "  That is passion . Something that involves people and their families . " Read more : Oknoplast sees Europe ' s window of opportunity Pirelli focuses heavily on research and development , investing around 3 % of revenues each year into the area . This is one of the highest levels of research investment in the tyre industry , according to the company . Pirelli noted technology was also central to the company 's plans for growth . "  More technology is what we want , " he told CNN . The company wants to "  win our battle " with advances in this area , he added .	Pirelli employs 34,000 people worldwide and is expanding in emerging markets Pirelli started life as a family-run business and flourished into the world 's fifth-largest tyre maker The company is based in the northern Italian city of Milan and invests heavily in R&D
CNN  -- South Korea is suspending exports of tear gas canisters to the Gulf island nation of Bahrain amid pressure from human rights groups , an official said Thursday . "  We 've decided to suspend  the shipment of tear gas  because of the unstable political situation in Bahrain , requests from human rights groups and civilian deaths , " an official with South Korea 's state-run Defense Acquisition Program Administration  DAPA  , which oversees the country 's military trade , said . "  We got requests Dae Kwang Chemical Corporation and another company on whether they can get permission to export the tear gas to Bahrain , " the DAPA official said . "  After discussions with the Defense and Foreign Ministries on the issue , we informed the companies to suspend the exports . " The move by Seoul comes after months of campaigning by rights groups who say the Bahraini authorities ' misuse of tear gas has led to dozens of deaths as the Shiite majority protests against the Sunni-led government . The authorities have argued that tear gas is necessary to maintain order . Human rights groups had launched a campaign called Stop The Shipment after leaked government documents appeared to show that Bahrain , a country of 1.3 million people , had ordered around 1.6 million tear gas canisters . In October , the U.S.-based group Physicians for Human Rights reported that Bahrain 's police "  weaponized tear gas " had caused the deaths of at least 39 people since February 2011 in an ongoing crackdown on anti-government protests , a claim the government disputes . Bahrain 's Interior Ministry said it had not been informed of any such ban by Seoul . "  Teargas is used by Bahrain 's police force only as a necessary and proportionate measure and in public order and riot control situations . It is used entirely in compliance with international law , " it said in a statement on Wednesday . Bahraini and international rights groups welcomed the move . "  I think it 's great news and we commend South Korea on the decision they 've taken , " Bahraini rights activist Maryam al-Khawaja said . "  We 're starting with tear gas but we expect to see countries who say they are concerned about human rights stop the sale of all types of weapons to Bahrain . " CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	Rights groups pressure the South Korean government to halt shipments to Bahrain The move comes after months of campaigning against the use of tear gas Bahraini authorities say tear gas is necessary to maintain order The Bahrain interior ministry says it was not told of the ban by Seoul
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli air force shot down a drone approaching the nation 's coast Thursday , the Israel Defense Forces said . An Israeli F-16 shot the drone with air-to-air missiles , an Israeli military official told CNN . It went down five nautical miles off the coast of Haifa , and Israeli naval forces were searching the area while an investigation was initiated , the Israeli military said . "  I view with utmost gravity this attempt to violate our border , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a prepared statement . "  We will continue to do everything necessary to safeguard the security of Israel 's citizens . " By the numbers : Drones Thursday 's incident marked the second time an unmanned aircraft had been intercepted in Israeli airspace within the past seven months , the IDF said . In October 2012 , Israeli warplanes tracked and eventually shot down a drone over the country 's northern Negev Desert . That drone did not carry any weapons or explosives , Israeli officials said at the time . They declined to discuss the drone 's route or whether it had approached any sensitive facilities . Hezbollah claimed responsibility for sending the drone , which Israeli officials at the time said appeared to have originated in Lebanon . Hezbollah frequently flies drones over Israel , but the military rarely bothers to shoot them down , Michah Zenko of the Council on Foreign Relations said at the time . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : An F-16 shoots a drone down with missiles , an Israeli military official tells CNN The drone went down five nautical miles off the coast of Haifa An Israeli warplane shot down a drone in October 2012 over the Negev Desert Hezbollah claimed responsibility for that flight
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A one-of-a-kind bicycle belonging to U.S. cycling legend Lance Armstrong was stolen from a team truck in California just hours after he rode it Saturday on the first day of a nine-day race . Lance Armstrong 's bike was stolen after he competed in the first day of the Amgen Tour of California . Cancer survivor and seven-time Tour de France champion Armstrong is racing in the Amgen Tour of California this week as he attempts another comeback after retiring from the sport in 2005 . Armstrong 's first comeback came in 1998 , two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival . Armstrong announced the bike theft on his Twitter account Sunday morning and posted a photograph . "  There is only one like it in the world therefore hard to pawn it off . Reward being offered , " he wrote . The bicycle that was stolen is not the one Armstrong rides every day during the race . The stolen bike is used only for time trials , a race in which cyclists ride individually at staggered intervals over a set distance and try to get the best time . The thieves took four bicycles from a truck Armstrong 's Astana team had parked behind a hotel in Sacramento . The other three bicycles belonged to team members Janez Brajkovic , Steve Morabito and Yaroslav Popovych , Astana said . Armstrong , 37 , won the Tour de France , considered the premier bicycle race in the world , a record seven times from 1999-2005 . The 750-mile Amgen Tour of California ends Sunday . It is the second major race in which Armstrong has participated since announcing his comeback in September . He raced last month in the Tour Down Under in Australia , finishing 29th . Armstrong said he is aiming for another Tour de France victory this summer and was not expected to contend in the Australian race , which he used to gauge his fitness level after more than three years out of the saddle .	One-of-a-kind bicycle taken from team truck in California Armstrong posted announcement of theft on Twitter account Champion cyclist aiming for comeback with participation in Amgen Tour
CNN  Headed to the Super Bowl this weekend ? Bring your money , foam finger and tickets -- heck , even bring your face paint -- but please leave your drone at home . At least that 's what the Federal Aviation Administration wants . The FAA released a 15-second video on YouTube Wednesday reminding everyone that the Super Bowl is a "  No Drone Zone . " The video features pictures of football fans tailgating and cheering in the stands , with a narrator imploring people "  do n't spoil the game " by bringing drones . It ends with the hashtag #nodronezone . On Super Bowl Sunday , the FAA will establish a virtual no-fly zone around the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Arizona , where Super Bowl XLIX will be played . Unmanned aircraft , such as drones , wo n't be allowed within 30 miles of the stadium from an hour before game time until well after the game is over , according to an FAA statement . Michael Steinbach , the FBI 's assistant director of counterterrorism said Super Bowl security is a huge task . "  The Super Bowl , like any large public event -- the FBI starts planning along with local law enforcement , authorities on the ground , and DHS months and months beforehand , " he said . The uptick in the use of drones adds one more wrinkle to security planners ' jobs . But according to Steinbach , it 's the FBI 's job to focus on stopping the threat as opposed to trying to react to specific tools terrorists may use . "  I 'm concerned about drones , I 'm concerned about guns , I 'm concerned about bombs , cars -- that 's just the tool . I 'm more concerned about the actor , I 'm more concerned about the threat . " The FAA is waging an education campaign on drone safety after several incidents of drones getting too close to commercial aircraft . FAA Administrator Michael Huerta has said pilots have reported up to 25 cases per month of drones flying above the regulated limit of 400 feet , with some flying as high as 2,000 feet in the air . Huerta said the FAA is working to educate people about the dangers of flying drones that high , because enforcement of rules on the small , unmanned aerial vehicles can be difficult . Drones are sparking security concerns as well . Earlier this week , a government employee crashed his drone on the grounds of the White House . President Barack Obama and the first lady were n't at home at the time . No one was injured , and the Secret Service is investigating . CNN 's Wesley Bruer contributed to this report .	FAA releases video reminding everyone that the Super Bowl is a "  No Drone Zone " On Super Bowl Sunday , the FAA will establish a virtual no-fly zone around the stadium
CNN  -- At least 10 people were injured Thursday when a private bus struck a concrete median on a highway in New Jersey , authorities said . The bus was still stuck on the center divider in Clifton hours after the 2:30 p.m. crash , snarling traffic , said Sgt. William Frank of the Clifton Police Department . There were 28 people -- including the driver -- on the DeCamp bus when a car in the center lane cut off the bus while trying to reach an exit , police said . The two vehicles collided and the bus slammed into the highway divider . Police said at least 10 passengers were taken to area hospitals with minor injuries . The driver of the car was uninjured . The accident comes one week after U.S. transportation officials shut down 52 bus companies in 22 states and the District of Columbia due to unsafe motor coach operations . Although there were a number of inspections of DeCamp Bus Lines , it has not been cited for safety violations , said Marissa Padilla , a spokeswoman for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration . In November , the National Transportation Safety Board expressed concerns with the thoroughness of investigations by the FMCSA , citing four deadly crashes involving operators who were already on the radar of the oversight agency . FMCSA officials said they re-examined the way they investigate passenger carriers to make their methods even more effective at preventing crashes . As a result of the investigation and inspections , 52 motor coach companies were put out of business and shut down for safety violations such as failure to maintain their buses adequately , inadequate drug and alcohol driver testing and overwork of drivers . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	At least 10 people were injured in crash of a private bus in New Jersey Accident comes one week after transportation officials shut down 52 bus companies Bus line in Thursday incident has not been cited for any violations
CNN  -- A massive drilling machine broke through rock beneath the Swiss Alps on Friday , creating what is being touted as the world 's longest railroad tunnel . The Gotthard Base Tunnel is 57 km  34 miles  and links northern and southern Europe , AlpTransit Gotthard company said in a statement . "  The world 's longest tunnel should become operational at the end of 2017 , " the statement said . The tunnel will cut regional travel time on routes including Zurich , Switzerland , to Milan , Italy , an important business link . Officials say demands for railroads have increased as international trade goes up and road traffic worsens . Freight traffic in the entire Alpine region will grow by as much as 75 percent by 2010 , according to a study by the EU Commission . The trend will affect the environment , prompting Switzerland to adopt environmentally-friendly means of travel . The company says the tunnel is an environmental feat and will allow millions more tons of items to pass through the Alps by rail . "  Only by upgrading its railway infrastructure can Switzerland meet the rising demand for freight transportation and the increasing needs of customers , " the statement said .	The tunnel will cut travel time in the region , including between Switzerland and Italy Officials say demands for railroads have increased as international trade goes up It will also allow millions more tons of items to pass through the Alps by rail , officials say
CNN  -- This week on Inside Africa -- A photographer 's powerful pictures cover the conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Then , Nkepile Mabuse catches up with a World Cup legend spreading football excitement in South Africa . And David McKenzie introduces us to a modest Angolan football squad and looks at the passion behind their play . Violence in Congo The Democratic Republic of Congo has been embroiled in bloody conflict for more than a decade . The violence has killed millions and displaced hundreds of thousands . Photographer Peter Biro turned his lens on this grim reality when he visited the country late last year . And he hopes his photos will shed light on one of the world 's worst humanitarian crises . He shared with us , some of his pictures -- and the stories behind them . Africa 's buzz Over the next few months , some of football 's biggest names will descend on South Africa , ahead of the FIFA World Cup . And the sporting world was abuzz when Argentine coach Diego Maradona took his turn touring the country . Nkepile Mabuse caught up with the controversial football star in South Africa , where he remains a hero to many fans . Football in Luanda While many of the continent 's top players are in state-of-the-art stadiums , many footballers in Luanda still struggle to find a decent place to play . David McKenzie visits an Angolan team getting the most out of their makeshift field . Madonna 's adoptions Celebrity charities and their causes can attract more attention to countries in need . In Malawi , an American pop star 's connection to the country has helped to do just that . Madonna became more invested in the nation when she adopted two children there . Alina Cho talked to the singer about efforts to help other orphans in Malawi .	Inside Africa catches up with a World Cup legend spreading football excitement in South Africa . David McKenzie discovers the passion of the Angolan football squad and . Alina Cho speaks to Madonna about her efforts to help other Malawi 's orphans .
Mashable  -- Some folks at the Hacker publication 2600 decided to compile a list of words that are restricted by Google Instant . Except in extreme and special cases , Google is known for anything but censorship , but as we 've said before , there are some terms the web giant 's new instant search feature wo n't work with . We understand Google 's intentions ; the team over there is trying to make sure that no one sees pornographic or violent results they might fight disturbing unless they really mean to search for them . When asked about this feature a few weeks ago , Google 's Johanna Wright said the restrictions are in place to protect children . But Google has opened itself up to a potential PR problem , because some of these omissions will be at best bewildering and at worst offensive to particularly sensitive  or progressive  users who do n't understand how Google Instant actually works . For example , "  bisexual " and "  lesbian " are among the restricted words . Type them in to Google and the instant search will immediately stop delivering new results . You have to hit enter to confirm , yes , you really do want to know about something in some way related to bisexuals or lesbians . Why did Google block these words ? You can still search for these terms . The issue is that when you type them , Google Instant stops reporting results on the fly , and you must hit "  enter " to see results . That happens because Google Instant does n't just use what you 've typed to display results . It reads data collected over the years about previous users ' searches to predict what you 're going to type . It 's the same algorithm that handles auto-complete , or the Google Suggest pop-ups in the old , not-so-instant Google search . Google searches only display for the exact text that you 've typed after you 've hit enter . When results fail to appear after you 've typed "  lesbian " or "  butt , " it 's not because the results are being censored . Google is struggling to prevent the text of offensive searches users have made in the past  there have been other controversies on this subject before  from jumping up in front of you when you 're looking for something innocuous . Since countless users may have followed the word lesbian with "  porn , " generating results inappropriate for children , Google 's algorithm has decided not to immediately throw 20 links to lesbian porn sites in your face when you type "  lesbian , " even if that 's the most common search based on the algorithmic data . When we contacted Google for comment , we received this statement from a spokesperson : "  There are a number of reasons you may not be seeing search queries for a particular topic . Among other things , we apply a narrow set of removal policies for pornography , violence , and hate speech . It 's important to note that removing queries from Autocomplete is a hard problem , and not as simple as blacklisting particular terms and phrases . In search , we get more than one billion searches each day . Because of this , we take an algorithmic approach to removals , and just like our search algorithms , these are imperfect . We will continue to work to improve our approach to removals in Autocomplete , and are listening carefully to feedback from our users . Our algorithms look not only at specific words , but compound queries based on those words , and across all languages . So , for example , if there 's a bad word in Russian , we may remove a compound word including the transliteration of the Russian word into English . We also look at the search results themselves for given queries . So , for example , if the results for a particular query seem pornographic , our algorithms may remove that query from Autocomplete , even if the query itself would n't otherwise violate our policies . This system is neither perfect nor instantaneous , and we will continue to work to make it better . " Google 's highly effective SafeSearch algorithm still applies to instant search results . SafeSearch can filter out potentially offensive search results quite effectively after a user has hit "  enter " -- the first page of results for "  lesbian " with moderate safe search enabled is completely innocuous -- and it works for searches in progress too . Google 's current implementation is far from perfect -- the company rep admitted that . If nothing else , we 'd like to see Google manually re-enter safe suggestions for some common terms that have been restricted because they 're sometimes connected with sexual , violent or hateful results . The rep told us that Google is working on improving the system , but would n't give us any specifics about future changes . In the meantime , check out the complete list at 2600 if you 're curious . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	There are some terms Google 's new instant search feature wo n't work with Team is trying to make sure that no one sees pornographic or violent results unless they want to "  Bisexual " and "  lesbian " are among the restricted words
Gaza City  CNN  -- A delegation from Gaza was in Egypt Monday to hash out more details of a cease-fire deal between Hamas and Israel , less than a week after the truce ended an eight-day conflict . The continued talks are a key part of the agreement , which called for "  total cessation of all hostile activity " and discussion of topics such as opening border crossings and easing Israel 's economic blockade in Gaza . Israel-Gaza conflict timeline While new negotiations were under way in Egypt Monday , there were reports of violence along the Gaza-Israel border . Hamas police and ambulance operators said Israeli soldiers injured two civilians when they fired at Palestinian homes east of Rafah City in Gaza . An Israeli military spokesman said the soldiers fired warning shots in the air and later shot toward the legs of "  Palestinian rioters " who were damaging a security fence at the border and trying to enter Israel . The Israeli military said earlier that it was investigating a stabbing Monday near the border . Israeli soldiers killed a man who infiltrated the village of Sde Avraham from Gaza and stabbed a woman , who was lightly injured , the Israel Defense Forces said . The fragile truce between Israel and Hamas has appeared to hold up despite such flareups . On Friday , there were reports that Israeli troops shot and killed a Palestinian man near the border . Fighting also was recorded Thursday , a day after the cease-fire was declared . Egypt and the United States helped broker the cease-fire last week after Israel launched a series of military strikes on Gaza with the stated goal of halting Israel-bound rocket attacks from militants in the Palestinian territory . Can cease-fire result in real change ? Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy helped forge the cease-fire , as Israeli forces gathered near the Gaza border for a possible ground invasion . On Monday , Morsy was facing a political crisis in his own country , with some protesters calling him a dictator and judges striking nationwide in protest of the president 's announcement last week that Egyptian courts can not overturn the decisions or decrees he 's made since taking office in June . It was unclear whether the turmoil in Egypt would affect the cease-fire talks . How would you feel if your children were constantly scared ? The Gaza-Israel conflict left more than 160 Palestinians dead , many of whom were civilians . The brother of BBC journalist Jihad Misharawi , whose 11-month-old son was killed in an Israeli airstrike , died from wounds suffered in the strike , medical sources said Monday . Six Israelis also have died during the conflict , including civilians and soldiers . The ongoing talks over the cease-fire deal come as Palestinian Authority leaders plan to make a pitch this week to become a non-member observer state at the United Nations . "  All the Palestinian factions are behind us as we go ... to the United Nations , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas told supporters Sunday . Hamas added its support Monday , an apparent change in position after stating a day earlier that there was "  no truth " to reports that Haniyeh 's office "  has blessed the move to go to the United Nations . " The shift followed a phone call between Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal and Abbas , according to the Hamas website . The Gaza-based Hamas has long opposed the gambit that Abbas launched last year . A vote on the Palestinian status is expected at the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Amir Ahmed and Michael Schwarz contributed to this report . Editor 's Note : A U.N. report published on March 6 , 2013 , raises questions about who fired the rocket that killed the son and brother of Jihad Misharawi .	NEW : Negotiations are under way to hash out the cease-fire deal 's details Talks include topics such as easing Israel 's economic blockade in Gaza Violence is reported near the Gaza-Israel border Palestinian Authority president says all Palestinian factions back a renewed statehood bid
CNN  -- I 'm proud to be Ukrainian . Born in America and raised in a bilingual home , pierogies , borscht and pysanky  Ukrainian Easter eggs  were all staples in my life . So was Ukrainian school -- where I was taught history , culture , literature and grammar every Saturday morning for 13 years -- and Ukrainian scouts and Ukrainian dancing . It is nearly impossible to separate me from the culture . And I would never want that . That 's what makes it so hard to see the images of escalating violence on TV among the Ukrainian people -- with whom I feel such a connection . To many of them , the protests are fueled by memories of Soviet control and fears that Russia will use its economic pressure to pull Ukraine back into its orbit . The oppression of the Soviet system is why my father fled the country 75 years ago , when he was only 18 . He loved Ukraine but escaped Soviet rule to build a new life in America . Transplanting that Ukrainian identity into Parma , Ohio , was not always easy . And growing up in the Midwest , when I would tell someone I was Ukrainian , I was often met with a confused look . That was generally followed by , "  So you speak Russian ? " I ca n't blame them for making that assumption . After all , Ukraine was the second biggest country in the USSR . But there was no particular pride in that : Hatred of the Soviets runs deep among many Ukrainians . For my father , the flight from Ukraine -- with his two brothers , sister , father and mother -- was dangerous and difficult . He made his way to America via Germany during World War II . He survived the bombing of Dresden , and his family got separated . They eventually found each other once they all landed safely in the United States , but for a frightened interval , they had no idea whether the others were alive or dead . My sister , brother and I grew up riveted by my father 's and uncle 's stories about dodging the authorities to escape . My father told of avoiding soldiers as he walked among the dead after the bombing in Dresden ; they had shoot-to-kill orders for anyone who might be looting . It was like listening to a live thriller or spy novel . My father may not have spoken English when he arrived in America , but he was determined . He mastered the language and went on to become a chief financial officer of Cardinal Federal Savings & Loan in Cleveland . He dreamed of the day Ukraine would become independent , as did my mother -- a Ukrainian born in America . Both died before they could see it . But I saw it . And in 1992 , I traveled to the country on a Teach English program sponsored by a Ukrainian organization . It was a time when Ukraine was like the Wild West . The country had just elected a new president and was newly independent -- but many did n't really know what that meant . When I arrived in Kiev , I assumed everyone would speak Ukrainian and that I would fit right in . I was mistaken , as many spoke Russian . More alarming to me was when I realized I did n't know who to ask for help in finding a telephone . In America , it was easy . You just ask a cop . In Ukraine , there were many different uniforms -- not so easy .  Hint : Ask the old lady , or babushka -- works every time . One thing was crystal clear : There was a thirst for the West . After years of oppression , my students wanted to learn everything they could from me about America . One young girl even said her dream was to go to Disneyland  whose is n't ? As a "  homeland journey , " for me it was at times a surreal experience . I was suddenly seeing all the things I had only learned about in books .  Swimming in the Black Sea was not something you just dreamed about in Ukrainian school !  Even more precious was when my sister and I traveled to Ivano-Frankivsk , the city of my family . My sister and I saw the school where our grandfather taught and the pond where our father and his siblings went skating . That my father and his family could leave such a place -- leave behind everything they knew -- and make a courageous leap of faith into a new country where they could not even speak the language filled me with admiration . I have never felt more grateful to them for making that trek as when I met some local Ukrainians who said they wished their families had done what mine did . That 's when it really hit me that I could leave that country , but their lives were going to be much more difficult . As I watch the violent and deadly protests from afar , I think now about all these people . I see in the Ukrainians locked in confrontation the same national pride with which I was raised . They no longer want to leave . They want to have a strong independent nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Tymkiw .	Catherine Tymkiw is a proud Ukrainian-American , raised in traditions of parents ' homeland Father fled Soviet oppression with family , settled in Midwest , instilled in her Ukrainian pride It 's hard for her to see violence in Kiev , where protesters fear growing Russian influence Tymkiw , who visited Ukraine after independence , says nation today just wants to be free
CNN  -- Want to read that e-book or play Candy Crush while taxiing to the runway ? Add Southwest Airlines to the list of U.S. airlines that have received Federal Aviation Administration approval to allow passengers to use many portable electronic devices in all phases of flight . Southwest Airlines ' move Wednesday came three weeks after the FAA announced the loosening of electronics rules aboard aircraft . Under the new rules , passengers may use certain electronic devices in "  airplane mode " during taxiing , takeoff and landing . Each airline has to prove to the FAA that devices are safe to use in airplane mode on its aircraft . JetBlue Airways and Delta Air Lines moved quickly to get FAA approval to allow devices on board on November 1 . American Airlines implemented the policy change November 4 . United Airlines unveiled its policy change November 6 , and US Airways announced its change November 7 . Other airlines are moving to get FAA approval to allow greater electronic use . Virgin America said it hopes to allow devices in all phases of flight this month . "  We 're in the process of applying through the new process and hope to implement the changes as soon as possible , with the goal of having the change live in November -- in time for the holidays , " Virgin America spokeswoman Abby Lunardini wrote in an e-mail . Spirit Airlines was less specific about its time frame . "  We are in the process of coordinating with the FAA . I do n't have a specific implementation date at this time , " Spirit spokeswoman Misty Pinson wrote in an e-mail . With such a new policy , some confusion exists about what 's still permitted on board . US Airways reminded passengers of some restrictions that remain in place . The airline noted that the eased restrictions apply only to domestic flights flown by its "  mainline " aircraft , which means partner airline flights  such as US Airways Express flights  are not included . Those airlines have to get their own FAA approval . Smartphones and other devices must be operated in airplane mode or with cellular services disabled . The new expanded use of electronics does not apply to making or taking calls , which are still prohibited in flight . Phone calls are not allowed after the main cabin door is closed or before a crew member makes an announcement allowing calls upon arrival , US Airways said . Customers should not use their devices during safety announcements . For takeoff and landing , laptops and other electronic devices that weigh more than 2 pounds must be secured in an overhead bin or under the seat in front of passengers . Some folks had a sense of humor about the device debate . Earlier this month , @RealMediaMedusa tweeted that "  Portable Electronics on Airplanes policy too late for Alec Baldwin , " referring to the 2011 incident in which the actor refused to turn off his electronic device at the gate and got booted from a flight .	Southwest is newest airline to ease electronics rules JetBlue , Delta , United , US Airways have changed their policies Cell phone calls are still not permitted after the aircraft door is closed
Washington  CNN  -- Football player Albert Haynesworth has been charged with misdemeanor sexual abuse involving a waitress at a Washington hotel bar . A defensive tackle for the Washington Redskins , Haynesworth , 29 , allegedly stuck a credit card down the front of a server 's dress and fondled her breast , according to prosecutors . Court papers do not identify the waitress but say the incident happened around 2 a.m. on February 13 at a rooftop lounge atop the W Hotel . An indictment was returned Tuesday by a grand jury in Superior Court of the District of Columbia . An arraignment has been scheduled for May 10 . According to a news release , Haynesworth could face up to 180 days in jail and a maximum fine of $ 1,000 if convicted . Haynesworth 's defense attorney , A. Scott Bolden , called the indictment "  disappointing , regretful and a difficult case for the government to prove . " "  The indictment is merely a charge , not a conviction , " Bolden said . "  And in fact , my client maintains his innocence because he is innocent . We will vigorously continue to fight these charges , and I fully expect him to be exonerated from any wrongdoing . " Earlier this year , Haynesworth also was charged with assaulting a motorist after a traffic incident in Reston , Virginia .	NEW : Haynesworth denies the accusation through his lawyer Tackle indicted , set to be arraigned May 10 Prosecutors say football player fondled a waitress
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An Oscar-winning songwriter was indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women whom he would fly in to New York under the impression they were auditioning for movie roles , the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office said Tuesday . Songwriter Joe Brooks is best known for writing "  You Light Up My Life " and directing the movie . Joseph Brooks , 71 , faces multiple charges including rape , criminal sexual act , sexual abuse , forcible touching , assault , grand larceny and criminal mischief . The charges involve 11 women , authorities said . Brooks won the Oscar for best original song for the 1977 song , "  You Light Up My Life . " He also directed the movie , which is about a director who has a one-night stand with an actress . "  I 'm flabbergasted , " said actress Melanie Mayron , who starred in "  You Light Up My Life . " Mayron said she did not stay in contact with Brooks over the years but described him as a "  lovely man . " In the indictment , Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau alleges that Brooks would fly women in from California , Florida and Oregon for private auditions . He would serve the women one or two glasses of wine , said Lisa Friel , assistant district attorney . The women described feelings that suggest a date-rape drug was used , she said , but added that toxicology results were unclear . Shawni Lucier , Brooks ' personal assistant , was also charged with criminal facilitation in connection with arranging some of the encounters . Brooks pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Tuesday . Bail was set at $ 500,000 bond or $ 250,000 cash . The suspect agreed to the terms and left the courthouse . He is set to return Thursday morning and meet the bail agreement , said Jeffery C. Hoffman , his lawyer . Hoffman said some of the women who made the accusations were trying out for a role in a screenplay Brooks wrote . None of the girls was chosen for the part and may feel "  upset about that fact , " the lawyer said . Hoffman said he is looking forward to proving his client 's innocence . "  All I can say is , my client is anxious to clear his name of these false charges , " he added .	"  You Light Up My Life " songwriter Joseph Brooks indicted Manhattan D.A. 's office charged Brooks with rape , sexual abuse , other counts Brooks won Oscar for 1977 No. 1 song
CNN  -- Miles of sun-kissed beaches , breathtaking mountains and lush rainforests bathed in ethereal lights -- South Africa 's varied and dramatic landscape has provided a photogenic backdrop for an increasing number of Hollywood productions in recent years . Global blockbusters like "  Blood Diamond , " "  Lord of War " and "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " have all been shot at least partly in the country -- but could there be more hits on the horizon ? That could well be the case , as a group of influential film executives from the United States are currently on a 10-day tour across South Africa , having been invited to explore possible set locations for movies and TV productions . As part of their scouting expedition , leading executives from Disney , Paramount , Warner Bros and the Producers Guild will be traveling around the country until March 1 , holding meetings with government representatives and industry players , as well as visiting local production houses and facilities , including a stop on the set of the new "  Avengers " movie , scenes for which are currently being shot in Johannesburg . "  Our visit has been very productive in exploring and analyzing benefits of bringing motion picture and TV productions to South Africa , " Vance van Petten , executive director of the Producers Guild , told CNN . Different South African entities collaborated to arrange the visit . "  We hope that we will win the hearts and minds of these film executives , " said Cyril Ndaba , the South African consul-general based in Los Angeles , "  and when they come back they will view South Africa as an alternative filmmaking and film production destination . " Ndaba says the country 's diverse scenery , coupled with the experience of talented local crews who 've already taken part in major productions , and the fact that South Africa is an English-speaking nation , are all major attractions for big-budget productions . "  South Africa has got a lot to offer , " he says . "  The sights and sounds of South Africa are so rich ; the tapestry of culture ; and that 's the reason why they will be going to see places around the country , " he adds . "  South Africa has come of age and it warrants the attention of the whole world . " Incentives and opportunities The visit comes as South Africa steps up its efforts to promote itself as a premier set location for major productions and boost its image as an emerging force in international filmmaking . According to a 2013 study commissioned by South Africa ' National Film and Video Foundation and conducted by Deloitte , the film industry created more than 25,000 jobs in 2012 and contributed over $ 437 million to the country 's economy , directly and indirectly , In a country like South Africa , troubled by high unemployment and sluggish economic growth , a booming film industry could hold a significant opportunity . In recent years , the country 's government has recognized the sector 's promise by announcing a string of measures aiming to attract international productions to help stimulate growth , boost employment and generate revenues . Among the incentives are an uncapped 20 % rebate for foreign productions shot on location in the country , as well as a 22.5 % break if they are also post-produced in South Africa . Van Petten said : "  Government , industry and trade officials ... have been very interested in discussing South Africa 's tax incentives and producers ' realities in assessing benefits and challenges of producing in the various and diverse regions of South Africa . " Besides van Petten , the film executives currently visiting South Africa are Mary Ann Hughes , vice president , Film and Television Production Planning at Disney , Sara Spring , senior vice president of Feature Production at Paramount and Kate Beyda , senior vice-president of Physical Production at Warner Bros. . Click through the gallery above to find out which Hollywood productions have had scenes shot in South Africa . READ THIS : The meteoric rise of Lupita Nyong ' o READ THIS : Secrets of a Hollywood filmmaker revealed	Top film executives are touring South Africa , exploring possible set locations South Africa is stepping up efforts to promote itself as an attractive filming destination A number of major Hollywood productions have been shot in the country in the past
CNN  -- The machine used by the late Dr. Jack Kevorkian in more than 100 assisted suicides will be among the items up for sale later this month , the auctioneer and his estate announced . The Michigan pathologist helped spur an international ethics debate by helping suffering patients die and pushing for this practice to be legalized . His conviction in one such case landed him in prison for eight years . He died in early June at Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak , Michigan , at the age of 83 . The auction will take place between 6 and 8 p.m. on October 28 at the New York Institute of Technology , according to a press release sent on behalf of both the late doctor 's estate and the auctioneer . More than 100 pieces will be part of the sale , said Roger Neal , who is representing the two parties . Besides the noted Thanatron machine , which Kevorkian built , other items to be auctioned include some of Kevorkian 's correspondences and invention ideas , a pearl flute , his doctor 's bag , a master lock from prison and his signature blue sweater . People can also purchase provocative paintings that he created , which come with brief descriptions from the artist himself , according to Neal . The pieces are being kept under armed guard this week in Los Angeles , then will be shipped to New York . Neal said that the auction will be coordinated by David Streets , a Beverly Hills , California , fine art and celebrity memorabilia adviser , according to his website . A portion of the auction proceeds will go toward the charity Kids Kicking Cancer at the request of the attorney for Kevorkian 's estate and the late doctor 's niece and sole living heir , according to Neal . Kevorkian , dubbed "  Dr. Death , " made national headlines as a supporter of physician-assisted suicide and "  right-to-die " legislation . He was charged with murder numerous times through the 1990s for helping terminally ill patients take their own lives . He was convicted on second-degree murder charges in 1999 stemming from the death of a patient who suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly called Lou Gehrig 's disease . He was paroled in 2007 . After his release , he said he would not help end any more lives . In an interview with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta last year , Kevorkian said he had no regrets about his work . "  No , no . It 's your purpose  as a  physician . How can you regret helping a suffering patient ? " he said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Assisted-suicide advocate Dr. Jack Kevorkian died in June On October 28 , several items from his estate will be auctioned in New York They include the machine that he used in more 100 assisted suicides
CNN  -- A coalition of top musicians , including R.E.M. and Pearl Jam , want to know if their music was used by the U.S. military as part of controversial interrogation methods at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Ruhal Ahmed , left , shown at a 2007 news conference , says he had to listen to hours of music at Guantanamo . The artists have endorsed a series of Freedom of Information Act requests , which were filed Thursday morning , asking the U.S. government to declassify documents that would reveal which artists ' work was used on detainees at U.S. prison facilities and military detention centers , including the one at Guantanamo Bay . The National Security Archive , a Washington-based independent research institute that advocates "  for the right to know , " filed the requests on behalf of the Close Gitmo Now campaign , which launched this week , the archive 's senior analyst Kate Doyle said . The multimillion-dollar national grassroots Close Gitmo Now campaign is aimed at pressuring members of Congress to support President Obama 's endeavor to close the Guantanamo Bay prison . It is supported by a coalition of retired generals and liberal activists . The requests are based on the testimony of former Guantanamo prisoners and guards , as well as declassified documents , that identified music from 35 artists -- ranging from AC/DC tunes to the theme from Sesame Street -- used in the interrogations of detainees , Doyle said . See a list of bands and songs involved  PDF "  We do know that songs and bands ' work has been used to abuse detainees , we know that , " she said . She added that any information that the National Security Archive obtains "  will add to the profile of this case . " The requests are being filed with "  a dozen different agencies and components of the Department of Defense , " Doyle said . They ask for any documents "  concerning the use of loud music during detention and/or as a technique to interrogate detainees at U.S.-operated prison facilities used in its War on Terror at Guantanamo , Iraq and Afghanistan during 2002-the present , " according to a copy of the FOIA request obtained by CNN . It is unclear if any of the artists plan to pursue legal action , but Doyle said she 'd be "  surprised if some of them were n't thinking about it . " Many of the artists supporting the campaign are no strangers to political activism , but this cause has hit close to home for some of them . "  We have spent the past 30 years supporting causes related to peace and justice . To now learn that some of our friends ' music may have been used as part of the torture tactics without their consent or knowledge is horrific , " the American rock band R.E.M. said in a statement posted on CloseGitmoNow.org . "  It 's anti-American , period . " Several former Guantanamo detainees have filed lawsuits against the U.S. government , saying they were tortured with numerous techniques , including loud music . "  It 's very scary to think that you might go crazy because of the music , because of the loud noise , " said Ruhal Ahmed , one of the former detainees who has filed a lawsuit . He said he had to listen to hours of headbanging music while held prisoner at Guantanamo in 2003 . The Pentagon has not responded directly to the allegations of torture involving music , but it has said that its policy has always been to treat detainees humanely . Loud music has not been used at Guantanamo since the fall of 2003 , following a Department of Defense review of detention operations and interrogation techniques , according to Maj. Diana Haynie , a Joint Task Force Guantanamo spokeswoman . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has asked a federal prosecutor to examine whether the interrogations violated the law , and the White House said Obama will leave any decision on charges to the Justice Department . And the Obama administration announced it would put the FBI in charge of a special unit set up to question suspected terrorists under White House oversight . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report	Freedom of Information Act requests seek to reveal what music used at facility Former prisoners say heavy metal , rock , children 's tunes were part of interrogations Numerous artists endorse "  Close Gitmo Now " campaign , FOIA requests To learn friends ' music was used in such a way is "  horrific , " rock band R.E.M. says
"  He never asked nor accepted any reward , because he was good and simple and did not think that one did good for a reward . "  Primo Levi , If This Is A Man Gino Bartali wanted to keep it to himself . How could a man , so famous and so revered , keep it a secret for so long ? "  Good is something you do , not something you talk about , " Bartali once explained . "  Some medals are pinned to your soul , not to your jacket . " He was Italy 's very own version of Babe Ruth -- a man whose personality , character and success transcended sport . In the 1930s , Bartali , a son of Tuscany , was one of the leading cyclists in the world , a man admired by all . He had won three Giro d'Italia titles -- one of the three major European cycling events -- in addition to his triumph at the 1938 Tour de France and was very much the country 's poster boy . And yet for a man who lived in his life in the full glare of the public , a new film , My Italian Secret reveals a very different side to Bartali 's remarkable life . Directed by Oren Jacoby , the film shows how Bartali was part of a secret Italian resistance movement which helped hide the country 's Jews during the Nazi invasion of 1943 . Using the handlebars on his bike to hide counterfeit identity papers , Bartali would ride to Jews in hiding and deliver their exit visas which allowed them to escape transportation to the death camps -- he is credited with saving the lives of 800 people . "  He never talked about what he did during World War II , " said Jacoby . People loved him , they adored him . Italy was so proud of him . "  He risked his life to save others and it 's a story which Italy is now embracing . " Wheels of fortune Born in Florence in 1914 , Bartali was a devout Catholic whose parents were married by the local Cardinal , Elia Angelo Dalla Costa . It was Dalla Costa who recruited Bartali into his secret network at a time where much of Italy had been ceded to the Nazis . In 1938 , Italy 's Fascist regime , led by Benito Mussolini , enacted a series of anti-Semtiic laws which prevented Jews from working within government or education , banned intermarriage and removed them from positions in the media . While some of the country 's Jews fled the country before the outbreak of World War II , those who stayed behind remained largely unscathed until the Germans began deportations in 1943 . It was at this time that Dalla Costa , working with Rabbi Nathan Cassuto , created a system which involved convents , monasteries and members of the general public hiding Jews in all kinds of ingenious ways . Even after Cassuto was arrested by the Germans , deported and sent to his death , the secret network continued to operate . Using the guise of long-distance training , Bartali would ride for hundreds of miles delivering documents while the Fascist secret police simply let him pass given their admiration for the cyclist . Whenever he was stopped , he would simply ask that his bike not be touched since the technical set up was arranged to achieve maximum speed . Eventually , Bartali was forced to go into hiding in the town of Citta Di Castello in Umbria , where he hid the Goldenberg family . In the book , Road to Valour written by siblings Aili and Andres McConnon , Giorgio Goldenberg recalls how Bartali 's actions helped save his life and the lives of his family . "  There is no doubt whatsoever for me that he saved our lives , " said Goldenberg , who hid in Bartali 's cellar until the liberation of Florence in 1944 . "  He not only saved our lives but he helped save the lives of hundreds of people . He put his own life and his family 's in danger in order to do so . "  In my opinion , he was a hero and he is entitled to be called a hero of the Italian people during World War II . " It was not just the rescued who were grateful to Bartali , those who were involved in creating the counterfeit papers in Assisi also took courage from the cyclist 's fearlessness . Worked in the counterfeiting business , Trento Brizi explained how Bartali 's influence gave him courage at a time where the Nazis began to get suspicious . In the book , Road to Valor , Brizi said : "  The idea of taking part in an organization that could boast of a champion like Gino Bartali among its ranks , filled me with such pride that my fear took a back seat . " According to Yad Vashem , the Holocaust museum in Jerusalem , 7,680 out of 44,500 Italian Jews were killed by the Nazis . While many Italians helped defy Adolf Hitler 's attempts to cleanse Europe of Jews , Bartali 's high-profile meant he risked playing a dangerous game . And yet , according to Aili McConnon , he refused to take any credit for his role in saving Jewish lives . "  He was very modest about it , " she told CNN . "  He held a profound sense that so many had suffered in a much greater capacity than he had . He did n't want to be in the spotlight or diminish the contributions of others . "  As a cyclist and competitor , he could be a real loudmouth . He was very proud and very competitive . "  But what made him so fascinating , was his other side -- the modesty which he possessed . " "  Real Heroes " In September 2013 , Bartali 's wartime heroism was honored in Israel when he was named as a "  Righteous Among the Nations " by Yad Vashem -- Israel 's official memorial to Holocaust victims . While Bartali rarely spoke of his actions before he passed away in 2000 , his son , Andrea , attended the ceremony and met survivors , including Goldenberg , who had been helped by his father 's actions . It was Andrea who helped push his father 's war time contribution into the public consciousness following years in secrecy . "  When people were telling him ` Gino , you 're a hero , ' "  He would reply , ` No , no . I want to be remembered for my sporting achievements , ' " Andrea Bartali told reporters upon his visit to Israel in 2013 . "  Real heroes are others , those who have suffered in their soul , in their heart , in their spirit , in their mind , for their loved ones . Those are the real heroes . I 'm just a cyclist . " My Italian Secret has already had a profound affect on Italian society . Its showing at the Rome Film Festival was widely lauded by critics and has helped Italy begin to acknowledge its past , according to Jacoby . "  We were overwhelmed by the response the film got in Italy , " added the film 's director , whose Jewish heritage comes through his father 's side . "  I think this topic had not been touched on or thought about since the war . It was a chance for Italy to come to terms to get to grips with chapter of history it had n't addressed . " Having spent a summer in Rome as a 19-year-old , the story of Italy 's Jews and how ordinary Italians managed to defy the Nazis had always been at the back of Jacoby 's mind . While he spent time learning from some of the great Italian directors such as Federico Fellini  Casanova  , Ina Wertmuller  Seven Beauties  , and Pier Paolo Pasolini  Salo  , it was a meeting with a Polish filmmaker which left a lasting impression . "  One day , the professor who ran the course , a Polish filmmaker named Marian Marzynski , took me to lunch in a café in the Rome ghetto , meters away from a plaque memorializing the roundup of Rome 's Jews in 1943 , " recalled Jacoby . "  He told me how he had survived the Warsaw Ghetto as a hidden child , protected first by ordinary people and later , by priests in a monastery , who all risked their lives to help him escape . "  I never thought , back in 1975 , that almost 40 years later I would be given the opportunity to tell the story of Italian children who were hidden and saved , along with the story of Gino Bartali and some of the other heroes who risked their lives to do it . " ` Il Morbo di K ' While Bartali 's heroics have caught much of the attention , the story of physician Giovanni Borromeo is equally remarkable . It was by chance that Jacoby , filming in Rome during an early shoot , came into contact with Borromeo 's son , Pietro . "  We heard that a guy wanted to get in touch with us about the film , " recalled Jacoby . "  So he came and met us for lunch and what he told us was incredible -- absolutely incredible . " Dr Borromeo was a Roman surgeon who worked in the Catholic Fatebenefratelli Hospital on Tiberina Island in Rome . There he hid hundreds of Jews after concocting a tale of a "  deadly " disease which had engulfed the hospital . "  Dr Borromeo invented a fake disease to scare the Nazis off and prevent them from searching the hospital , " said Jacoby . "  He called it ` Il Morbo di K ' and used it to protect the Jewish people who he was hiding . "  He would say to the Nazis , ` hey , you guys can come in but you 'll get this disease and it could kill you ' . "  He saved many people -- but it did n't really hit home until some of those he saved turned up at our screening . That was incredible . " Bartali remained intent on being remembered for his cycling success -- his second Tour de France in 1948 was remarkable given it came a decade after his first victory . It was only later on in life after meeting Cassuto 's daughter that he agreed to speak about his experiences , though he insisted that he would not be recorded . While Bartali 's cycling achievements are remembered each year in an event dedicated to him and fierce rival , Fausto Coppi -- the annual Settimana Coppi e Bartali race -- his legacy in the wider world lives on . "  He hid us in spite of knowing that the Germans were killing everybody who was hiding Jews , " Goldenberg 's son , Giorgio , says in Jacoby 's film . "  He was risking not only his life but also his family . Gino Bartali saved my life and the life of my family . That 's clear because if he had n't hidden us , we had nowhere to go . "	Gino Bartali helped save over 800 Jews during the Holocaust Bartali was one of the most revered cyclists in the world Italian won two Tour de France titles during illustrious career New film documents Bartali 's role during World War Two
CNN  -- It was little surprise that Landon Donovan described the end of his career as "  perfect . " Even the Hollywood scriptwriters down the road would have struggled to come up with a more fitting finale for the man many acclaim as the greatest footballer in American history . On Sunday , the player with a record goal tally in the MLS -- and for the United States national team as well -- left the pitch for a final time , with yet another trophy and a very last record as well . As Los Angeles Galaxy beat the luckless New England Revolution 2-1 in Sunday 's MLS Cup final , the 32-year-old won the tournament for a record sixth time . As sporting farewells go , it was near perfect . Even more so given earlier this year Donovan had been controversially left out of the U.S. World Cup squad by coach Jurgen Klinsmann . In August , the pressure increased a notch after Donovan revealed that the current season would be his last , declaring his desire to "  pursue other opportunities that will challenge me and allow me to grow as a person . " At the time , there was no way of knowing that Galaxy were once again on the way to the title , their third in four years . Nor that the season-ending finale would come at the StubHub Centre , the stadium he has called home for the last decade  with Galaxy 's home advantage coming courtesy of winning more points during the regular season  . Neither could he known that after Galaxy 's Gyasi Zardes and the Revolution 's Chris Tierney traded goals , there would be the drama of an extra-time winner as Robbie Keane slotted home in the final period of Donovan 's career . His sixth cup took him clear of Jeff Agoos and current Colorado Rapids midfielder Brian Mullan , both of whom boast five championships . "  It 's a dream to finish like this , " Galaxy 's brightest star said in his post-match press conference . "  For me , it 's perfect . All my family , more than 80 of my friends and family , were in the stadium and it 's a perfect day because they know what we have gone through in the last 16 years -- and all are very happy . " With fans waving banners saying ` Thank you ' and ` In Landon We Trust ' in the stands , Donovan -- who had a relatively quiet game -- only dared to believe in the perfect finish with just nine minutes left , after Keane punished slack defending . "  When we scored the second goal , I began to think that we were going to win another championship , " said the Californian , who ventured that Revolution , who have now lost all five MLS Cup finals , were better for much of the game . Filling the void A man who spent time on loan at Bayern Munich  2009  and Everton  2010 & 2012  in his career also admitted that he will struggle to replace the drama of his old career as he looks to pastures new . "  There is no experience like what just happened , " he said . "  If you work a desk job or a nine-to-five job there is no real experience where you get to feel that . "  I ca n't imagine anything coming close to that in my life going forward so I am going to miss that greatly . That is hard . "  I think that is why a lot of athletes struggle after they retire , you ca n't get that back . I have to be aware of that and find other things that I am passionate about . " Donovan 's MLS debut came in 2001 , for San Jose Earthquakes , and he promptly won the championship in his first season -- before winning a second in 2003 . The triumphs were achieved while on loan from Bayer Leverkusen , the German side he left in 2005 to join Galaxy . The highest World Cup goalscorer in United States history would promptly win a title that season as well , adding further silverware in 2011 , 2012 and then this year as well . As he admitted this week , he started out in an MLS league that was vastly different to today 's offering -- which has been graced by Thierry Henry , David Beckham and Keane in recent years , while players such as Frank Lampard and World Cup winner Kaka are arriving next year . Where once matches were played in stadiums owned by gridiron teams and which were seldom filled , now large crowds in new purpose-built football arenas are the norm . "  I 'm excited , I 'm pretty exhausted to be honest , " said Donovan while he celebrated on the pitch one last time . "  I 'm so proud , so happy for our guys . As you get older , you realise how difficult this is , so to have this moment is really special for us . "  Tomorrow , I can think of other things -- at the moment , I am happy and in the moment of winning this cup , " he added later . Robbie Rogers ' joy Sunday 's match also completed a remarkable journey for Galaxy 's Robbie Rogers . In February 2013 , the defender came out as gay and duly quit football at the same time . Three months later , he became the first openly gay man to play in an American sports league after joining Galaxy . Now he has a second MLS trophy in the bag , having failed to fully celebrate his first title with the Columbus Crew . "  I could n't even enjoy it -- I remember just being alright it , " he told the official MLS website . "  I 'm such a different person  now  , " the 27-year-old told reporters . "  I ca n't explain it . It 's been a difficult but amazing journey . " In no small part thanks to Donovan himself . "  For me personally , Landon was one of the guys that helped me get back into the game , " Rogers said . "  He 's been a supporter of mine throughout my career and I 've always looked up to him . "  To let him go on this vacation , start the adventure of his new life and figure out what he wants to do , I 'm just so happy he can leave the Galaxy with his head held extremely high . ` Greatest player in U.S. soccer history ' "  He 's the best player for U.S. soccer ever and in this league , and has done so much . To get him the extra silverware , I 'm just very proud of the team and I 'm happy I was able to share it with him . " With 144 goals and a record 136 assists in the MLS , as well as an unsurpassed 57 strikes for the national team , Donovan leaves with a widespread reputation as the finest American player in history . One that was endorsed by Galaxy head coach Bruce Arena , the man who led the United States to the quarterfinals of the 2002 World Cup , when Donovan won the ` Best Young Player ' award . He would also play at the World Cup in 2006 and 2010 , when he scored a dramatic goal that enabled the U.S. to top their group , and won four CONCACAF Gold Cups  2002 , 2005 , 2007 , 2013  . "  Do n't we all wish to be able to leave what we do like the way Landon did today as a winner ? Can you write that any better , that script ? " Arena asked . "  I 'm happy for him . He 's spent , he 's done , and my hat is off to him . It 's been remarkable . " Yet Arena 's comments before the match better capture the underlying reasons for the enduring popularity of the departing Donovan . "  I would think his legacy is that he left the game as the greatest player in the history of US Soccer , and he 's a damn good person . That 's a pretty good legacy . "	Landon Donovan finishes playing career with record sixth MLS Cup win Donovan 's LA Galaxy beat New England Revolution after final goes to extra time 32-year-old Donovan hails career end as ` perfect ' Robbie Rogers also wins title , 17 months after coming out of retirement
CNN  -- Finally ! The royal baby bump has arrived , and the world can finally see evidence of the progeny of Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , who we still like to think of as Kate Middleton . The world has been on watch since the couple announced their impending arrival last December . Well known for her fashion sense , the young duchess is now applying that to her pregnancy and stepping out in outfits that both flatter and show off the wee one . People magazine was so impressed with one of her recent outfits that it ran a story headlined "  Kate 's baby blue maternity dress - how to get the look . " Likewise the Huffington Post put her on its best dressed list this week proving that stylishness does n't have to stop for nine months . Cheers Kate !	William and Catherine announced their impending arrival in December The duchess is applying her fashion sense to her maternity clothes The Huffington Post put her on its best dressed list
CNN  -- President Obama , visiting CIA headquarters Monday , defended his decision to release Bush-era memos on interrogation tactics , saying the country will ultimately be stronger as a result . President Obama met with CIA workers and Director Leon Panetta , left , in Virginia on Monday . The president 's remarks came in the wake of criticism from a former CIA chief and others that his decision compromised national security and encouraged terrorist groups such as al Qaeda . Obama also met with CIA Director Leon Panetta , Deputy Director Stephen Kappes and other officials , and talked to employees about the importance of the agency 's mission to national security . The president asserted that he had released the documents primarily because of the "  exceptional circumstances that surrounded these memos , particularly the fact that so much of the information was -LSB- already -RSB- public . ... The covert nature of the information had been compromised . " Watch Obama talk about "  exceptional circumstances " " Obama added that he ended the controversial interrogation techniques mentioned in the memos because the United States "  is stronger and more secure " when it can deploy both power and the "  power of our values , including the rule of law . " "  What makes the United States special ... is precisely the fact that we are willing to uphold our values and our ideals even when it 's hard , not just when it 's easy , even when we are afraid and under threat , not just when it 's expedient to do so , " he said . Watch Obama talk about the importance of values " Although abiding by the rule of law can make battling groups such as al Qaeda more difficult , he added , it is ultimately why "  we 'll defeat our enemies . We 're on the better side of history . " Panetta , while introducing the president , promised that the CIA would abide by the president 's order barring controversial enhanced interrogation techniques . He also agreed that it was possible to protect the country and its values at the same time . Obama 's visit to the CIA 's Langley , Virginia , headquarters came a day after former CIA Director Michael Hayden said the decision to release the four memos undermined the work the agency is doing . Hayden , President George W. Bush 's CIA director from 2006 to 2009 , said the release of the memos emboldens terrorist groups such as al Qaeda . "  What we have described for our enemies in the midst of a war are the outer limits that any American would ever go to in terms of interrogating an al Qaeda terrorist . That 's very valuable information , " Hayden said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  By taking techniques off the table , we have made it more difficult in a whole host of circumstances I can imagine , more difficult for CIA officers to defend the nation . " He added , "  if you look at what this really comprises , if you look at the documents that have been made public , it says ` top secret ' at the top . The definition of top secret is information which , if revealed , would cause grave harm to U.S. security . " Obama said last week that withholding the memos "  would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time . " "  This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States , " he said in a statement . The memos include details on terrorist suspect interrogations such as waterboarding , a technique used to simulate drowning . Obama has called the method torture . One memo showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects . The administration also has come under criticism from human rights organizations after announcing that CIA officials would not be prosecuted for past waterboarding and other harsh interrogation tactics . Watch for details on the interrogation techniques " Obama believes "  that 's not the place that we go , " White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  It 's not a time to use our energy ... looking back -LSB- with -RSB- any sense of anger and retribution . " Attorney General Eric Holder has promised that officials who used such interrogation tactics would be in the clear if their actions were consistent with Justice Department legal advice under which they were operating at the time . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Sunday that the release of the memos is consistent with how Obama conducts government . "  It 's about transparency . It 's about accountability . And he released them . And on the other hand , he said to those CIA employees who were following what the Department of Justice told them they could do , they would not be subject to further prosecution , because it 's also about closing this chapter so we can move on to the future , " Napolitano said .	Release has been criticized as damaging to national security "  We 're on the better side of history , " he tells CIA workers CIA chief says it 's possible to protect country , values at same time Ex-CIA chief under Bush says Obama emboldening terrorist groups
Beijing  CNN  -- Five suspects have been detained in Monday 's deadly crash in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square , which has been identified as a terrorist attack , Beijing police said Wednesday . The attack -- in which five people died and dozens were hurt -- was "  carefully planned , organized and premeditated , " police said on their official Weibo account online . Working with police in northwest China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region , Beijing police captured the suspects , a spokesman for the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau said . The spokesman , who was not named , said Usmen Hasan ; his mother , Kuwanhan Reyim ; and his wife , Gulkiz Gini , drove a jeep bearing a Xinjiang license plate into a crowd in the famed square at noon on Monday , killing two people and injuring another 40 . Authorities had earlier put the number of injured at 38 . The jeep then crashed into a guardrail of Jinshui Bridge across the moat of the Forbidden City . All three of the jeep 's occupants died when they set gasoline afire , the spokesman said . The other two fatalities were tourists ; a woman from the Philippines and a Chinese man . Police found gasoline , two knives and steel sticks "  as well as a flag with extremist religious content " in the jeep , the police posting said . In addition , authorities found knives and a "  jihad " flag in the temporary residence of the five detained suspects , it added . Tensions between Han Chinese and the largely Muslim Uyghurs have sometimes turned violent . A spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress , a diaspora group , said Wednesday it was not clear that Uyghurs played any role . "  Every time something like this happens , authorities usually point fingers at Uyghurs , " Alim Seytoff said . "  The notice should not be taken as the evidence of Uyghur involvement in the incident . " Willy Lam , an adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong 's Center for China Studies , said the incident would be considered a loss of face for Beijing 's leaders , especially if it turns out to be related to Uyghur separatism . "  It was close to the Zhongnanhai party headquarters and , in terms of timing , it 's on the eve of the plenary session of the Chinese Communist Party , so they do n't want these rumors and speculation , " he said . Earlier this month , Chinese police said they had arrested 139 people in Xinjiang for spreading religious extremism online . The arrests came in the wake of riots that left 35 people dead . Chinese media outlets that reported Monday 's incident stuck to the bare-bones details published by China 's state run Xinhua news agency . China 's state broadcaster , CCTV , showed no footage of the incident . Images posted immediately after the incident on Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , which showed black smoke and a vehicle engulfed in flames , were largely deleted . Searches combining the words Tiananmen , terrorism and car crash were also blocked . CNN broadcasts about the incident were blacked out inside China . Lam said Chinese media outlets had likely received an official order to stick to Xinhua 's version of events . On Tuesday , the square was back to normal . CNN 's David McKenzie and Feng Ke in Beijing and CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Tom Watkins in Atlanta contributed to this report	NEW : Five people detained in connection with deadly crash , police say China censors images of jeep that plowed into Tiananmen Square , killing 5 Uyghur diaspora group says it 's too early to assign blame
RollingStone.com  -- "  Sing it if you know it , " Pavement 's Stephen Malkmus told the crowd Sunday night in Brooklyn , on the Williamsburg Waterfront , as the band prepared to play "  Stop Breathing . " Then he added , "  I tell myself that before every song . ` Sing it like you know it ! Be the ball ! Be the snare , Steve ! ' " He did n't need to worry . In the group 's first New York gig since 1999 , Malkmus not only remembered all the words to the old Pavement songs , he and the rest of the band brought new flair to them . The 90s indie princes buzzed through their insanely fat songbook , 27 brilliant tunes in 90 minutes , without letting the energy level dip , lurching into each song with all their boyish enthusiasm . It was like a mix tape of the livelier moments from their 90s shows , except more so . All year long , on their first tour since they fell apart in 1999 , Pavement have shown other bands how you do the reunion thing right : no new songs , no pompous gestures , just a celebration of the catalog that made them the great guitar band of the 90s . The audience on Sunday night was surprisingly young , and unsurprisingly baked , but they were there to celebrate the 90s as well . Malkmus got one of the night 's biggest cheers when he looked around at the Brooklyn waterfront and mused , "  We saw a Bikini Kill show around here . " Rolling Stone : See vintage shots of Stephen Malkmus and more nineties rockers Pavement hopped from songs everybody likes  "  Gold Soundz , " "  Summer Babe "  to songs hardly anybody ever notices  "  No More Absolutes , " "  Starlings in the Slipstream "  , dipping into psychedelic jams like "  Grounded " between sing-along raves like "  Silence Kid " and "  Unfair . " Malkmus and Scott "  Spiral Stairs " Kannberg traded guitar leads in the countryfied ballad "  Father to a Sister of Thought , " giving it a whole new flavor . Drummer Steve West and bassist Mark Ibold were nimbler than ever , while percussionist/hype man Bob Nastanovich banged the tambourine , sang back-up , blew harmonica , and played a mean slide whistle solo on "  Fight This Generation . " He also slow-danced with a lucky lady as Malkmus crooned "  We Dance . " Rolling Stone : Pavement 's Album Guide by Rob Sheffield That song was a reminder of how much musical ground Pavement covered . They were the band who could do it all , mixing up New York noise with California stoner vibes , Euro art-punk with suburban American hardcore , yet make it all flow like rock & roll , and make it all seem like a breeze . They combined the elements of indie rock that fans were used to getting in half-assed dribbles and drabs . So "  Loretta 's Scars " was the best Dinosaur Jr. song ever , just as "  Zurich Is Stained " was the best Nikki Sudden song ever -- yet these were just another couple of great Pavement songs . Sunday night they blasted through "  Silence Kid , " with a melody swiped from Buddy Holly  "  Everyday , " to be exact  , plus a throwaway guitar hook swiped from Jimi Hendrix  "  Bold As Love , " to be exact  , and made it crest and surge for three wildly emotional minutes of punk rock . Who else wrote songs like this ? Everybody tried to . But only Pavement pulled it off . Wily bastards , these guys . The show ended on a high note with "  Range Life , " a wittily poignant ballad about the passing of youth . As he walked offstage after "  Range Life , " Malkmus indulged in his only cornball rock-star gesture of the night -- he tried to toss a guitar pick into the crowd . But it missed , and plopped pitifully onto the stage . Malkmus shrugged , laughed , and kept walking . Set List : Cut Your Hair Date With IKEA Rattled By The Rush Elevate Me Later Grounded Frontwards Shady Lane Unfair Perfum-V Fight This Generation Silence Kid Box Elder Stop Breathing Two States Father To A Sister of Thought Heckler Spray In The Mouth A Desert We Dance Summer Babe No More Absolutes  Fin Stereo Encore : Spit on a Stranger Trigger Cut Starlings in the Slipstream Gold Soundz Kennel District Range Life Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	The 90s indie princes buzzed through their songbook , 27 brilliant tunes in 90 minutes Bob Nastanovich slow-danced with a lucky lady as Malkmus crooned "  We Dance " The show ended with "  Range Life , " a wittily poignant ballad about the passing of youth
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As George W. Bush spends his final days in office , a national poll suggests that two-thirds of Americans see his presidency as a failure . President Bush gives his farewell address to the nation on Thursday at the White House . Sixty-eight percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Sunday said that Bush 's eight years in the White House were a failure , with 44 percent saying this was because of his personal shortcomings and 22 percent blaming the failure on circumstances beyond his control . Thirty-one percent said they consider Bush 's presidency a success . Half of those polled say the United States could be better off today if Al Gore had been elected president in 2000 rather than Bush , with 27 percent saying the country would be worse off if Gore had won . Twenty-two percent say things would be about the same . "  Due to the Florida recount , Bush had the misfortune of coming into office under controversial circumstances , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said . "  A lot of Americans apparently remember those circumstances and now wish things had gone a little differently . " Only 3 percent of those questioned say Bush was one of the greatest presidents in the nation 's history . Forty-six percent rate him a poor president . "  That 's three times higher than the number who gave a failing grade to his father or Ronald Reagan when they left office , and it 's 27 points higher than Bill Clinton in 2001 , " Holland said . Thirty-one percent approve of Bush 's performance in the White House , his final approval rating as president . "  The good news for Bush : That 31 percent figure is 7 points higher than it was in November , a typical ` nostalgia bump ' that most outgoing presidents get , " Holland added . "  The bad news is that except for the rating Richard Nixon has when he resigned , that 's the lowest approval rating an outgoing president has received in the six decades of scientific public opinion polling . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted from January 12 to 15 , with 1,245 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for some questions and 4.5 percentage points for others .	68 percent of people questioned in poll say George W. Bush presidency was a failure 31 percent call Bush presidency a success , CNN/Opinion Research poll shows 44 percent say Bush faults led to failure ; 22 percent blame outside circumstances Half of those polled say U.S. would be better off if Al Gore had won in 2000
New York  CNN  -- Renowned speculative fiction writer Harlan Ellison is about to be inducted into the Science Fiction Hall of Fame , recognizing a career that has spanned more than five decades in which he 's made contributions to literature , television and film . Called one of the "  great living American short story writers " by the Washington Post , Ellison will be honored at the Hall of Fame event Saturday in Seattle . The award , coming 55 years after Ellison began his writing career , celebrates the achievements of a writer who has nearly done it all ; collecting 10 Hugo awards , three Nebula awards , 18 Locus Poll awards , the Bradbury award , six Bram Stoker awards , the Edgar Allan Poe award and two George Melies film awards . Ellison , 77 , wo n't be at the ceremony and has asked author Neil Gaiman to accept the award on his behalf . Editor Gardner Dozois and artists Vincent Di Fate and Jean "  Moebius " Giraud will also be honored at the weekend-long event . Ellison , who had been extremely ill for several months , said in a telephone interview that he 's in the "  last stages of something . " "  And I do n't have a cold , " he sarcastically noted . Founded in 1996 , the Hall of Fame has honored science fiction 's giants , including Steven Spielberg , George Lucas , Ursula K. Le Guin , Isaac Asimov , Gene Roddenberry and Ridley Scott . As part of the ceremony , inductees ' laser-etched images on the glowing Hall of Fame permanent display are unveiled . Brooks Peck , curator of the Experience Music Project/Science Fiction museum , says the decision to induct Ellison was n't a difficult one . "  He was always very encouraging of young writers , plus he had a big personality which people really enjoy , " Peck said . "  Harlan Ellison was very influential in the new wave era of science fiction in the late 1960s and 1970s when the genre changed from the traditional science fiction of hard science and adventure stories to writing that took up social consciousness , exploring the soft sciences of psychology and sociology and where the prose became more experimental , " Peck added . "  The new wave brought things back down to earth and became more character-centric . " Born in Cleveland in 1934 , Ellison moved to New York City in 1955 , publishing more than 100 short stories and articles , then his first novel , "  Web in the City "  1958  about street gangs in the Red Hook section of Brooklyn . Ellison 's works have sold millions of copies and been translated into more than 40 languages . Ellison 's most recognized works include "  Deathbird Stories , " "  Strange Wine , " "  Approaching Oblivion , " "  I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream , " "  Love Ai n't Nothing But Sex Misspelled , " "  Ellison Wonderland , " "  Memos from Purgatory , " "  Shatterday " and "  Stalking the Nightmare . " Fans of the original science fiction TV classic series "  Star Trek " know Ellison as the author of one of the most critically acclaimed episodes , "  The City on the Edge of Forever , " which featured Joan Collins . Ellison , who still uses several Olympia typewriters to do his work and says he despises the Internet because it 's "  killing books , " has several projects ready for release . He would n't pick any favorites from his own work . "  I love them all . Even the lame ones . I am proud of them all , " he said . And yet for all of Ellison 's accomplishments , he is considered by some to be one of America 's most prolific best-selling authors who remains unknown by many readers . Gordon Van Gelder , editor and publisher of Fantasy and Science Fiction magazine , the second-oldest continuously running science fiction magazine in the U.S. , says Ellison was always far from a mainstream writer . Ellison made his first sale to that magazine in 1961 and was a major contributor in the late 1960s before writing a film column for years . "  At his core I 'd call him a fabulist , " Van Gelder said . "  He was n't one to write science fiction in a traditional vein . " Van Gelder likens Ellison 's early work to that of the English science fiction writer , Michael Moorcock , who in the 1960s as editor of the science fiction magazine New Worlds helped usher in a new wave of writing for the genre . "  What differentiated Harlan 's work was the intensity , " Van Gelder said . "  The vividness of the imagination . "	Ellison , 77 , has been writing for 55 years Writer was influential in "  new wave " that was character-driven He is a best-seller who is unknown by many readers , experts say Ellison has several new projects about to be released
Like most Americans , President Barack Obama is tired of war . Unlike most Americans , he just started another one . In launching his new campaign against Islamic State terrorists inside Iraq and Syria , the Nobel peace laureate acknowledged the engagement would n't be another Iraq or Afghanistan . And a day after Secretary of State John Kerry insisted the campaign is not a war , press secretary Josh Earnest on Friday affirmed that the United States is indeed "  at war " with ISIS . But semantics aside , Obama is embarking upon a sustained military operation without an end date , price tag or clear definition of victory -- threatening his legacy as a war-ender and almost certainly dashing his goal of leaving the next commander in chief with a clean slate . "  This effort will be different from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Obama insisted during his address to the nation on Wednesday , noting no American troops were being sent in a combat role and a coalition of allied nations was joining the fight . But while Obama has broad public approval for his ISIS mission , according to polls , the decision to engage the U.S. military in Iraq and Syria undercuts his image as a president opposed to war -- though describing him as a foreign policy "  dove " was never truly accurate . During his campaign for president in 2008 , Obama made clear he opposed military engagements such as the the war in Iraq , which he termed "  dumb " and vowed to end . But he maintained there were times and places where U.S. military engagement was necessary . When he accepted his Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 -- awarded for fostering a "  new climate " in international relations -- Obama admitted war was n't going to end under his presidency . "  We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth : We will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes , " he said then . "  There will be times when nations -- acting individually or in concert -- will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified . " In the six years he 's been President , that use of force has translated into a surge in drone strikes against suspected militants in countries like Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia -- the latter two examples Obama cited Wednesday as models for his mission against ISIS . The drone campaign has infuriated civil libertarians and human rights advocates , who point to civilian casualties that often go unnoticed by the American public . But the strikes have allowed Obama to keep troops out of dangerous situations while mitigating terrorist threats . When he 's sent American personnel into danger , it 's been in small , tactical missions in the model of the raid that led to the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Obama attempted to sum up his policy during remarks at West Point last spring : "  To say that we have an interest in pursuing peace and freedom beyond our borders is not to say that every problem has a military solution , " he said then . Put more bluntly a few months earlier , Obama said he was n't interested taking a "  swing at every pitch " that came his way . With his expansion of the mission in Iraq , Obama seems to have seen a pitch he liked , making him the fourth president in a row to order an air campaign over the country . His goals there , analysts say , are distinct from Iraq campaigns in the past . "  I do not believe what he 's laid out in his speech or what he intends to do is transformative , " said Aaron David Miller , a scholar at the Wilson Center in Washington who 's worked for Democratic and Republican administrations . "  He 's not interested in nation-building . " While Obama may be setting out on a very different type of mission in Iraq , vowing the United States . would n't "  get dragged into another ground war " there , he 's nonetheless setting his successor up to carry on the mission . "  He has clearly gotten pulled back in , " said David Gergen , a former adviser to four presidents and CNN analyst . "  He 's a very reluctant warrior . He did n't want to do this . But it is good he recognized reality . "	Despite broad public support , Obama 's campaign against ISIS undercuts his image as a president opposed to war Obama hit the war in Iraq as "  dumb " while running for president , but was never viewed as a true foreign policy dove Obama is now the fourth-straight president to order an air campaign over Iraq
We 've learned that some varieties of fish are low in fat and contain oils that keep the heart healthy . But recent reports about contaminants such as mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls , or PCBs , have prompted some health experts to rethink their advice about seafood . Lots of varieties of fish are safe , but some types of seafood can be risky for certain groups of people . For Seattle cardiologist Florence Sheehan , M.D. , it is n't just her patients she worries about . It 's her family , too . "  Ours has a history of high cholesterol , " Sheehan says . "  So I eat fish frequently to keep my cholesterol down . " Lately , she finds herself scanning medical journals and government advisories to stay abreast of fish safety issues . She says that untangling the facts behind the latest seafood scares is n't as complicated as it seems . "  The key is to place the benefits and risks into perspective , " Sheehan says . "  Lots of varieties of fish are safe . It 's just that some types of seafood can be risky for certain groups of people . " Here 's a look at which fish pose risks , and which ones are safe -- and good for you , too . The truth about salmon A 2004 study in the journal Science raised concern among fish lovers with news that farm-raised salmon , the type found at most supermarkets , contained higher levels of cancer-causing pcbs than wild salmon .  Banned in the 1970s , PCBs still contaminate the environment . They are released by incinerators and toxic waste sites .  But two more recent studies , one on farm-raised salmon and the other on wild , found that both harbor similar levels of this pollutant . The first study , done with Chilean - and Canadian-farmed salmon , found an average of 11.5 parts per billion PCBs . The second , conducted by the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation , sampled 600 wild salmon from the Gulf of Alaska and the Bering Sea , and found 8.2 to 10 parts per billion PCBs . It 's important to realize that the amount of PCBs being talked about is very small , says Cornell University seafood specialist Ken Gall , who has studied fish safety issues for 22 years . "  High doses of PCBs , like the kind of contamination that occurs with an industrial accident , can be dangerous , " Gall says . "  But it 's uncertain whether the tiny amounts of PCBs found in many foods such as fish , meat , or milk can cause cancer . " Most health experts feel the health benefits of salmon far outweigh the risk posed by minute levels of PCBs . William Connor , M.D. , a professor of medicine at Oregon Health and Science University , in Portland , who has spent most of his career studying the health benefits of the omega-3 fats found in salmon , says he has no qualms about recommending farm-raised salmon . "  I would rather my patients not miss out on the benefits of salmon , a fish with some of the highest levels of heart-healthy omega-3 fats around , than fear PCBs , " he says . Connor adds that for most people , farmed fish might be all that 's available in the local supermarket . Indeed , the majority of the 16 pounds of fish the average American eats annually is farmed . Another benefit of farm-raised salmon and other fish , he says , is that they 're typically low in mercury . CookingLight.com : 7 salmon main dish recipes Minding mercury Since exposure to high levels of mercury can cause neurological damage in a growing fetus , the Food and Drug Administration continues to issue related seafood safety advisories to pregnant women and young children . In March of 2004 , the FDA updated that advice with stricter , more specific rules : Pregnant women , or women who plan to become pregnant , should avoid eating four fish with high levels of mercury : swordfish , shark , tilefish , and king mackerel . While fresh and canned tuna did n't make the FDA 's list , many experts say pregnant women may be better off limiting fresh tuna steaks and canned albacore , or "  white , " tuna to one meal per week or less , since these large fish can harbor mercury levels close to the one part per million threshold the FDA deems safe .  Canned light tuna is considered safe since it is made with smaller skipjack fish that are low in mercury .  The American Medical Association recently encouraged the FDA to require supermarkets to post warning signs about mercury near canned tuna as well as at the fish counter . CookingLight.com : Risks , benefits of 8 most popular U.S. seafood Being aware of mercury is also a good idea for those who are n't pregnant . When internal medicine specialist Jane M. Hightower , M.D. , performed a yearlong study of 123 of her patients , she found that a steady diet of high-mercury fish caused serious symptoms such as headaches , hair loss , problems with concentration , and high blood levels of mercury . Fortunately , once these patients switched to eating low-mercury varieties , symptoms began to disappear , and blood mercury levels returned to a safe level . Minimize risk Purdue University seafood expert Charles Santerre , Ph.D. , thinks the key to minimizing health risks for any food is to aim for variety . "  If you ate swordfish or shark or king mackerel every day , you could experience mercury toxicity , " Santerre says . "  But if you eat them once a month -LSB- and trade off with -RSB- some other low-mercury fish , it should n't be a problem . " However , the "  sensitive population , " including pregnant and nursing women , should always avoid swordfish , shark , tilefish , and king mackerel , Santerre says . On his list of safe , low-mercury options : shrimp , salmon , pollock , farm-raised catfish , tilapia , flatfish  flounder , sole , plaice  , scallops , haddock , farm-raised trout , herring , crawfish , mullet , oysters , ocean perch , sardines , squid , white fish , and anchovies . Connor agrees . He eats seafood three or four times per week and calls the health benefits of fish , particularly the varieties that harbor omega-3 fats , profound . "  These fats prevent heart disease . They lower blood pressure and help prevent strokes . And studies show that eating two meals of fatty fish like salmon or sardines each week can help prevent sudden death , " Connor says . CookingLight.com : The alphas of omega-3s There are additional benefits as well . " -LSB- By eating fish -RSB- you may be replacing a fatty meal like a bacon cheeseburger with something low in fat , " Sheehan says . She advises her patients to eat fish at least twice per week , particularly those rich in omega-3s . And after looking at all the safety issues , she feels comfortable taking her own advice . Safe supplements If fish can harbor toxins , it seems plausible that the oils extracted from fish to make supplements might be contaminated , but that 's not the case . "  Fish oils are pure , " says Connor . One recent study tested 16 fish oil supplements sold in warehouse clubs , pharmacies , and supermarkets , and none contained significant amounts of mercury , PCBs , or the pollutant dioxin . Currently , the American Heart Association recommends 1,000 milligrams of fish oil supplements per week for people with heart disease . According to Connor , supplements are a great way for nonfish lovers to tap into the important heart-healthy benefits of omega-3 fatty acids . Angling for trouble Freshwater sport fishing brings its own share of safety concerns because of runoff from farms and sewage treatment plants , as well as the same environmental contaminants like mercury and PCBs that are found in ocean fish . "  The risk is different if you 're fishing in a lake and eating only fish from that lake , " says Cornell 's Gall . "  Chances are you 'll be eating a good amount of the fish you catch , so your exposure levels to a particular contaminant , or the contaminants in the lake , will be higher than exposure levels for someone who eats a variety of commercial fish from many sources . " CookingLight.com : Selecting , storing and cooking fish Gall advises anglers to check with their local or state environmental health department for the most current warnings regarding the area where they plan to fish . If waters are safe to fish , the Environmental Protection Agency suggests catching the smallest fish allowed -- as a rule , the smaller the fish , the fewer the contaminants . Other safe freshwater choices include bluegill , perch , stream trout , and smelt . Since these panfish feed mainly on insects , they 're less likely to harbor pollutants . Pregnant women are advised to eat only six ounces of freshwater fish a week since freshwater predator fish such as walleye , smallmouth and largemouth bass , lake trout , and Northern pike tend to contain higher levels of mercury than other local water varieties . E-mail to a friend For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved . Maureen Callahan , R.D. , is a frequent contributor to Cooking Light .	Chief concerns are contaminants such as mercury , cancer-causing PCBs Health benefits of salmon seen to outweigh the risk posed by minute PCB levels Pregnant women should avoid high-mercury swordfish , shark , tilefish , king mackerel Some experts say pregnant women also should limit tuna consumption
CNN  -- Roger Federer crashed out of the U.S. Open after a surprise defeat at the hands of Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych , ending the world No. 1 's hopes of winning a record sixth title in the professional era . Berdych won 7-6  7-1  6-4 3-6 6-3 in under three hours in Wednesday 's evening session to reach the semifinals for the first time at Flushing Meadows . "  I just did n't come up with the goods tonight , " said Federer , in quotes carried on the official tournament website , after his first match in four days following a walkover against American Mardy Fish . "  He probably created more than I did , and that 's why he ended up winning . " Sharapova to face No. 1 Azarenka in U.S. Open semis Federer made his earliest exit in New York since 2003 and now has an 11-5 record against the 26-year-old -- who beat him at the 2004 Olympics and at Wimbledon in 2010 , when he went on to lose in the final . Berdych will face Olympic champion Andy Murray in the last four , after the Scot came back from a set down to oust giant Croatian Marin Cilic , winning 3-6 7-6  7-4  6-2 6-0 . Cilic , who will be left to rue a number of missed opportunities , surrendered a 5-1 lead in the second set . This proved to be a turning point for the resurgent Murray , who finally found his rhythm as his confidence grew . All of a sudden , he had answers to the 12th seed 's massive serve and booming forehand as he breezed through the next two sets to earn a place in the semis . The match had been moved from the main Arthur Ashe Stadium to the Louis Armstrong court , and 2008 U.S. Open finalist Murray struggled in front of an initially small crowd against a player who beat him at the same tournament three years ago . "  You have to be able to create your own atmosphere when you 're on the court , but I did play better when the crowd filled up , " said Murray , still seeking his first grand slam title after losing to Federer in July 's Wimbledon final . "  It 's a quicker court . When you switch from one court to the other , it can take time to get into a rhythm . I have never played particularly well on that court . " Earlier , 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro brought the curtain down on Andy Roddick 's glittering career by beating the home favorite in four sets in their rain-delayed fourth-round match on Arthur Ashe . Roddick , the last U.S. male to win a grand slam when he triumphed in New York in 2003 , announced last week that it would be his last tournament . The former world No. 1 met his match against the seventh-seeded Argentinian , who will play defending champion Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals . When play resumed after being tied at 6-6 in the first set from Tuesday , Roddick took the tiebreaker but he could make no further progress against the 23-year-old Olympic bronze medalist . There were no breaks of service in the second , but Del Potro took the tiebreaker and then proceeded to dominate , completing a 6-7  1-7  7-6  7-4  6-2 6-4 victory . Roddick was visibly emotional in the final game on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court and received a huge ovation from the crowd as he bowed out . "  Playing the last five games was pretty hard . Once I got down a break , I could barely look at my  players  box , " Roddick said . "  I do n't know what the emotions are . I 'm a little overwhelmed right now . I normally feel like I can grasp things pretty quickly and clearly . I certainly do n't feel that way right now . " World No. 2 Djokovic had easier progress , as his opponent Stanislas Wawrinka was forced to retire when trailing by two sets and 3-1 in the third . The Swiss 18th seed complained of feeling ill as the rain-delayed match came to a swift conclusion . "  It 's an unfortunate situation that happened with him , but I felt that I was hitting the ball well in the last two sets before that happened , " said Djokovic , who reached his sixth successive U.S. Open quarterfinal , having dropped just 20 games in four matches . "  Hopefully I can keep that going for the next match . " His fellow Serbian , eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic , reached the last eight at Flushing Meadows for the second straight year as he eased past Germany 's No. 19 Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany 6-3 7-6  7-5  6-2 . He will next play Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer , who has been in equally fine form in the final grand slam of the season .	Top seed Roger Federer loses against Tomas Berdych in U.S. Open quarterfinals Andy Murray comes from behind to beat Marin Cilic and reach semifinals Andy Roddick retires after losing in four sets to Juan Martin Del Potro in fourth round Defending champion Novak Djokovic will play Argentine star in quarterfinals
MADRID , Spain -- Raul Tamudo is back in Spain 's squad to travel to Denmark for a Euro 2008 Group F qualifier on Saturday . Raul Tamudo has not featured for Spain since 2005 The Espanyol captain has been recalled by coach Luis Aragones to replace injured striker David Villa . He is preferred to Real Madrid captain Raul , who has been out of the national side for a year , but has played a key role in Real Madrid 's excellent start to their league campaign . The 29-year-old Tamudo has earned nine caps for the national side , but his last appearance came against Serbia and Montenegro in a World Cup qualifier more than two years ago . Villa injured his left ankle during Valencia 's 2-1 home loss against Espanyol at the weekend , and will be out of action for three weeks . Spain lead the group , three points ahead of Northern Ireland and Sweden . Denmark are fourth , five points back but with two games in hand on the Spaniards . Spain will also play a friendly against Finland on October 17 . Spain squad : Goalkeepers : Iker Casillas  Real Madrid  , Jose Manuel Reina  Liverpool Defenders : Sergio Ramos  Real Madrid  , Raul Albiol , Carlos Marchena  Valencia  , Pablo , Mariano Pernia  Atletico Madrid  , Joan Capdevila  Villarreal  , Carles Puyol  Barcelona Midfielders : Francesc Fabregas  Arsenal  , Xavi Hernandez , Andres Iniesta  Barcelona  , David Silva , David Albelda , Joaquin Sanchez  Valencia  , Albert Riera  Espanyol  . Strikers : Raul Tamudo  Espanyol  , Miguel Angel Angulo  Valencia  , Fernando Torres  Liverpool  , Luis Garcia  Espanyol  . E-mail to a friend	Raul Tamudo is recalled to Spain 's squad to play Denmark on Saturday . He replaces injured David Villa for the Group F Euro 2008 qualifier Spain lead the group by three points
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- What 's next now that the oil stopped flowing , and what will happen when BP 's crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico is finally , permanently sealed ? That was the subject of a meeting about long-term cleanup up efforts Thursday between the man overseeing the federal response to the oil spill and coastal parish officials . Retired Coast Guard Adm Thad Allen said afterward that parish presidents "  hold nothing back , " but the two sides agreed there should be no premature declaration of victory , when it comes to cleanup . The meeting came in New Orleans , Louisiana , two weeks after the ruptured well was capped and stopped leaking -- but before the final effort to permanently seal the well . Allen promised cooperation between multiple layers of government when "  response " efforts evolve into "  recovery " efforts in the Gulf . In what Allen described as a "  very frank , productive conversation " the officials pledged to work together on long-term cleanup plans and jointly determine how clean coastal areas actually are . In addition , they discussed how to better respond to storms and what was learned from Tropical Storm Bonnie . Some parish presidents contend that federal officials were too quick to remove booms and other oil-fighting equipment ahead of the storm , worrying it amounted to "  downsizing . " And they talked about how next to use the many fishing vessels that have been pressed into service , laying out boom and doing other work . For example , those that are n't able to return to fishing as parts of the Gulf are reopened might be used to start removing boom in weeks ahead . In a positive note for fishermen , Louisiana wildlife officials late Thursday announced that portions of state waters east of the Mississippi River in four parishes were re-opened to commercial fishing for fish and shrimp . They said the move followed extensive tests by the Food and Drug Administration that determined the fish were safe for consumption . After the meeting , Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser said , "  I want to be sure there are enough assets in each of these parishes to fight this oil . " He said he wanted to ensure that for "  any decision to downsize , which we know will happen someday , we will be included with that . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who attended the meeting , said "  at times it was contentious , but I think it was productive . " He said he tried to impress upon federal officials that cleanup priorities in weeks ahead should come from the bottom , up . "  What we suggest is that they allow each parish to come up with their own detailed plan , parish by parish , " he said . The meeting also included officials from a variety of federal agencies and BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles . Meanwhile , the clock is ticking toward the effort to seal the well . Allen said in a separate briefing that crews are making good progress toward two well-killing efforts -- first by pouring mud and cement into it from the top in a move known as a "  static kill " -- and then sealing it from the bottom through a relief well that 's been slowly drilled to intercept the crippled well . The first effort is planned for Monday but might take place sooner , he said . The relief well may be ready for the "  bottom kill " effort five to seven days after the static kill . Allen was asked whether the static kill was really necessary , or if it amounted to "  playing with fire " -- in a move that could jeopardize the final effort to kill the well from the bottom . "  I do n't think so , " he said . "  Our science team has come to the conclusion that we do have well integrity and that the well is safe to do a static kill . " He said first effort "  would enhance and ultimately make more effective " the final well-killing effort from below . The ship that would pour the mud and cement for the static kill , the Q4000 , is on the scene and ready to go . And as flight crews find it harder and harder to spot oil on the surface of the water , Allen offered another bit of good news . He said said it 's very unlikely that any oil might wind up in the loop current that winds around Florida toward the U.S. East Coast -- something that had been a concern in the early days of the BP oil spill . "  The chances that oil will become entrained in the loop are very , very low -- and will go to zero as we control the leak at the well with the cap and ultimately kill it , " he said . That 's partly because oil has n't moved beyond the Florida panhandle and partly due to a stroke of luck from Mother Nature . "  For the past several months now , there has been an eddy that has broken off the loop current between the wellhead and where the current actually comes north and turns and goes back down toward the Straits of Florida , " he said . "  So there 's been an eddy that has created a barrier between the wellhead and the loop current . " The coming static kill should also provide a ream of data that will give experts a better idea how much oil actually leaked from the well during the nearly three months it was spewing oil . At the height of the spill , skimming vessels were collecting 25,000 barrels of oil a day . Some scientists are skeptical the situation is improving and worry about how much oil may be lurking below the surface . "  We 've swept the oil under the rug , if you will , because we 've applied a tremendous amount of dispersants to it , " said Doug Inkley , senior scientist for the National Wildlife Federation . " Speaking on CNN 's "  American Morning , " he said , "  What this means is that most of the oil has been dispersed throughout the entire water column , so that we 're not seeing it on the surface . " "  My biggest concern is the long-term effects on the food chain because the small organisms are eaten by the bigger organisms , " he added . "  It 's still underwater and could have an effect for years , if not decades to come . " But Steve Murawski , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's chief scientist for fisheries , told CNN such a concern is , in some cases , unfounded . "  Oil does not necessarily bio-magnify into larger things , " Murawski said . Fish , dolphins and other larger sea animals process and excrete oil . However , he said , consumers "  need to be more careful with oysters and shrimp . " One thing not going away soon -- the threat of litigation against BP . A panel of federal judges met in Boise , Idaho Thursday to consider arguments on where litigation over the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion and oil gusher should be consolidated . The Deepwater Horizon rig , off the coast of Louisiana , triggered the oil disaster when it exploded April 20 , killing 11 people , and sank shortly afterward . New Orleans and Houston , Texas , appear to be the favorites for the lawsuit sites because of their proximity to oil company offices and litigants surrounding the disaster .	Local , state officials lay out cleanup concerns at "  frank " session U.S. response official Thad Allen promises cooperation Crews moving ahead toward well-killing effort at BP site Some fishing waters reopen in the Mississippi River Delta
CNN  -- A Massachusetts man pleaded not guilty Wednesday to obstructing the investigation of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings , federal prosecutors said . Khairullozhon Matanov , 23 , of Quincy was charged with "  one count of destroying , altering , and falsifying records , documents , and tangible objects in a federal investigation , specifically information on his computer , and three counts of making materially false , fictitious , and fraudulent statements in a federal terrorism investigation , " according to the U.S. attorney 's office for Massachusetts . Matanov pleaded not guilty to all four counts , his lawyer Edward Hayden told CNN . Hayden maintains that the indictment was based on "  unsubstantiated allegations . " Matanov agreed to voluntary detention Wednesday because he does n't have a home and his family is out of the country , Hayden said . A hearing was set for July 15 , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Authorities say brothers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev planted bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed during a subsequent manhunt that paralyzed Boston . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to killing four people -- including three killed by the bombings -- and wounding more than 200 others . Matanov is not charged with participating in the bombings , and prosecutors said that Matanov did not know about the bombings beforehand . But about 40 minutes after the blasts , Matanov bought dinner for the brothers , according to the indictment . In the hours and days after the bombings , Matanov contacted and attempted to contact the suspects by phone and saw Tamerlan Tsarnaev at least twice , according to the indictment . Matanov allegedly tried to give away his cell phone to friends and deleted hundreds of videos and documents from his computer . Authorities allege he misled police about the extent to which he knew the brothers . He also hid that he shared the "  philosophical justification for violence " that the Tsarnaev brothers held , the U.S. attorney 's office said last week . If convicted , Matanov faces up to 20 years in prison for the destruction of evidence charge , and eight years for each of the false statement counts . Timeline : The Boston Marathon bombing , manhunt and investigation Read the indictment against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev	Khairullozhon Matanov is charged with destroying evidence in Boston blasts He also faces three counts of making false statements to investigators Defense lawyer Edward Hayden says indictment was based on "  unsubstantiated allegations " He is not charged with the bombings , but with trying to hide ties to the Tsarnaev brothers
CNN  -- An explosion caused by a chemical reaction at a University of Maryland-College Park chemistry lab caused minor injuries to two students and forced authorities to evacuate the four-story building , according to the Prince George 's Fire Department . Initial reports described an explosion and fire inside the building , but fire department spokesman Mark Brady said in a post to the department 's Twitter account that there was no fire . The department 's hazardous materials team was preparing to go into the building , he said . Two students were being treated at the scene for first-degree chemical burns and superficial cuts , Brady said on the social networking service .	Chemical reaction injures two University of Maryland-College park students Authorities evacuated the chemistry building , a fire department spokesman says
CNN  -- Jonny Wilkinson 's international rugby career could be coming to a close after the former World Cup hero was dropped by England for Saturday 's Six Nations finale against title hopefuls France . The fly-half was widely regarded as the planet 's best player after kicking England to glory at the 2003 World Cup , but has been almost as largely vilified this year due to his team 's uninspiring performances . The 30-year-old will be replaced by Toby Flood in Paris , having been dropped for only the third time in his England career . Wilkinson went off after a heavy blow to the head against Scotland last weekend , when Flood made a big impression after coming on as a substitute to earn England a 15-15 draw . The result ended England 's slim title hopes . Wilkinson has been passed fit to take his place on the bench against the French , who have won all four games so far and would need to suffer a heavy defeat to allow Ireland to retain the title . England coach Martin Johnson , the team 's captain in 2003 , said he was happy to give the 24-year-old Flood a starting chance . "  Jonny took a number of bangs and heavy blows . We need at least two players in every position and we would have been happy to pick Toby in every game so far , " he told the UK Press Association . Wilkinson 's career has been blighted by injuries since 2003 , and his failure to regain his form as England 's influential playmaker in this year 's Six Nations tournament means he will struggle to feature at the next World Cup in New Zealand in 2011 . Younger players such as Flood are likely to be given their chance to shine in the November internationals against Australia , Samoa , South Africa and New Zealand . Johnson has made six changes for Saturday 's game , with captain Steve Borthwick named in the squad despite being in doubt with a knee injury . Winger Chris Ashton will make his debut in a backline that sees veteran World Cup winner Mike Tindall recalled at center and Ben Foden start at fullback , with Delon Armitage dropped from the squad . Lock Simon Shaw returns from injury , while flanker Lewis Moody starts in place of James Haskell . France welcome back center Mathieu Bastareaud , with David Marty making way despite scoring two tries in last weekend 's win against Italy . The French have not beaten England since the 2006 Six Nations , losing in the World Cup semifinal in 2007 and then again in Paris the following year before another defeat at Twickenham 12 months ago . Les Bleus have not won the championship since 2007 , which was their second in a row . In Saturday 's other matches , Wales host Italy and then Ireland take on Scotland in Dublin before the Paris match starts .	Former World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson dropped by England for clash with France Wilkinson relegated to bench for final match of 2010 Six Nations tournament Toby Flood will start in his place , casting doubt over Wilkinson 's international future France seeking to win the Six Nations title for the first time since 2007
CNN Student News  -- September 16 , 2014 As severe drought combines with other factors to dry up parts of a California river , residents of Baja California are threatened with flooding from a hurricane . Today 's show takes you all over the Pacific Coast of North America . We also report on a conference in Paris , a museum display on signatures , and how smartphones can impact sleep . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Parenting.com  -- "  What 's that on her head ? " It was my daughter Chloe 's second day on Earth , and already the mom anxiety had kicked in over what looked like a bruise just above her forehead . "  That 's just a hemangioma birthmark . It might get a little bigger , but it will go away by the time she 's 2 , " the pediatrician told me . Google gave me more details : A hemangioma , often called a strawberry , is a benign blood-vessel tumor . One in 10 babies  usually girls  will develop one . My husband , Justin , and I tried to laugh it off as we fell madly in love with our Baby Gorbachev . But as Chloe grew , the hemangioma showed no signs of shrinking . In fact , it had ballooned to the diameter of a golf ball , and was puffed ominously full of blood . Parenting.com : 10 secret mom confessions People who knew Chloe saw a spunky , smiley , and beautiful kid ; strangers just stared at that thing on her head . The pediatrician brushed off my concerns , saying it was just a cosmetic issue . But I could n't help the nagging feeling that her birthmark would always enter the room before she did . I made an appointment with a plastic surgeon my pediatrician begrudgingly referred me to . Chloe and I sat in the waiting room surrounded by pamphlets for rhinoplasty and chin implants . It felt blasphemous . Should n't I be teaching my kid that you ca n't judge a book by its cover ? Plus , I 'd kill her if she ever got a boob job . Parenting.com : Should you put your kid on a diet ? Then , through online research , we found the Vascular Birthmarks Foundation , and Milton Waner , M.D. , who wrote the book on hemangiomas .  No , seriously . He wrote a book called Hemangiomas and Vascular Malformations of the Head and Neck . He told me that most pediatricians do n't know a lot about hemangiomas , which can actually take as long as a decade to resolve , plenty of time for it to do a number on a child 's self-esteem . Chloe 's was just past her hairline , so even after it faded , she 'd be left with a large hairless section . I pictured bullies . My gut told me Chloe would not appreciate going to junior high with a bald spot . Parenting.com : Dear daughter , you are more than ` thigh gap ' After discovering that insurance would cover some of the cost , we scheduled the surgery for May 3 , 2007 . Chloe was barely 2 years old . Surgery day was a mix of the mundane  keeping her distracted  and the awful  holding her down while the nurses put her under  . When the surgery was done , we heard her scream from the recovery room . I ran in and cradled her , staring at the stitched gash . Seconds later , everyone was asking if I was OK . Chloe is now in second grade , with long blond hair .  When you part it on the right side , it hides the three-inch scar .  On a recent trip to the supermarket , she glanced at a magazine cover detailing a starlet 's plastic surgery . "  Why do people do that ? " she asked . "  People are usually better off with what they 're born with , " I told her -- and hoped someday to find a way to explain "  usually . " Parenting.com : 9 things you should never say to your child Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	One in 10 babies will develop a hemangioma Chloe 's noticeable birthmark would also leave a bald spot on her scalp Plastic surgery removed the birthmark when Chloe was 2 Chloe 's mother worried she was being too shallow by opting for surgery
CNN  -- The highly anticipated arrival of the Airbus A350 XWB took a small step closer , yesterday . The European aircraft manufacturer unveiled the latest in its test fleet of the new jet , the MSN2 , painted in a new "  carbon " livery and the first to be equipped with a full passenger cabin interior . Test flights of the aircraft began before the Paris Airshow last May . In the coming weeks Airbus will send the MSN2 into the skies on a series of Early Long Flights  ELF  with passengers onboard . The company says it remains on track to deliver the new aircraft to its first customer , Qatar Airways , in the fourth quarter of this year . "  XWB " means "  extra wide body . " Three different iterations of the plane are being built : the A350-800 , the A350-900 and the A350-1000 , which seat 270 , 314 and 350 passengers , respectively , in three-class seating . Read more : The year ahead in air travel Currently there are 814 orders from 39 airlines on the company 's books . The A350 XWB is the first in a family of super-efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head with rival Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and 777s . The project for the new jet began in 2006 and was initially criticized by some in the industry , including airlines , for not really advancing the global aviation scene . Most of the orders for the plane are for the larger -900 and -1000 versions , leading some industry experts to suggest the company may discontinue to offer the -800 and clear the way for a re-engineered Airbus A330 . The distinctive carbon livery of the latest A350 XWB plane reflects how much of the aircraft is made from advanced materials ; 53 % of the A350 XWB is made up of carbon-fiber reinforced polymer and is Airbus ' first carbon-fiber fuselage .	Airbus unveil first A350 XWB with full passenger cabin Test flight with people on board will take place later this year Company states it is on track to deliver first plane to Qatar Airways by end of the year
CNN  -- President Obama slowly walked across the grounds of Cape Coast Castle , a slave outpost in Ghana where hundreds of thousands of Africans were shipped as human cargo to a life of bondage in the United States , South America and the Caribbean . President Obama and his family toured Cape Coast Castle during their trip to Ghana . "  You almost feel as if the walls can speak . You try to project yourself into these incredibly harrowing moments , " Obama told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . When the president reached the "  Door of No Return , " an arched gateway with thick doors that would shut behind African men , women and children before they were forced onto slave ships , Obama looked out over the Atlantic Ocean where waves crashed onto rocks . "  Obviously there 's a sense of what a profound sorrow must 've been felt as people were hauled off into the great unknown , " he said . What does he tell his two daughters , Sasha and Malia , about slavery ? "  You try to explain that people were willing to degrade others because they appeared differently , " Obama said . "  You try to get them to engage in the imaginative act of what it would be like if they were snatched away from Mom and Dad and sent to some place they had never seen before . But you know , part of what you also try to do with kids is to get them to imagine themselves on the other side , as being the slave merchant . "  That slave merchant might 've loved their children and gone to that place of worship , " he said , pausing to point to a church on the grounds , "  right above the dungeon . And -LSB- I try to -RSB- get them to make sure that they 're constantly asking themselves questions if they 're treating people fairly and whether they are examining their own behavior and how it affects others . " Watch Obama 's interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper " He toured the site with his family , including first lady Michelle Obama and her mother , who are descendants of slaves from South Carolina . "  I ca n't imagine that for her , for her mother who is with us ... that seeing that portal does n't send a powerful message -- the kinds of emotions that must be evoked . " Obama 's recent trip to Ghana and the slave-shipping outpost comes on the heels of last month 's apology by the U.S. Senate about slavery . The Senate passed a nonbinding resolution that "  acknowledges the fundamental injustice , cruelty , brutality and inhumanity of slavery , and Jim Crow laws , " and "  apologizes to African-Americans on behalf of the people of the United States for the wrongs committed against them and their ancestors who suffered under slavery and Jim Crow laws . " Obama called it a "  historic " resolution at the time . The issue of apologizing for the past has prompted some heated discussion . In an interview that has gone viral on the Internet , Chris Matthews , the host of MSNBC 's "  Hardball with Chris Matthews , " blasts Rep. Steve Cohen of Tennessee for backing such an apology . "  It makes no sense to me . Why should the whole country apologize for what a good half or more of the country got killed opposing ? You 're from Tennessee . Maybe you should apologize first before you ask the rest of the country , " Matthews snaps . Katrina Browne , a descendant of wealthy Northerners , said she always thought slavery was confined to the South , until she began digging through her own family 's history . She learned that her family , the DeWolfs , sailed ships from Bristol , Rhode Island , to West Africa , trading rum for African men , women and children in the late 1700s to early 1800s . The DeWolf family brought more than 10,000 slaves from Africa , she said , and eventually became one of the wealthiest families in the nation as a result of its slave-trading business . Browne detailed her family 's experience in a documentary last year called "  Traces of the Trade : A story from the Deep North , " as part of PBS 's "  Point of View " series . "  I 'm a firm believer in the U.S. government apologizing because of all the ways in which the government supported and condoned and made slavery possible , " said Browne , who has also traveled to Ghana to see Cape Coast Castle . Learn about Michelle Obama 's slave roots " "  What most Americans do n't know is the extensive complicity of the North in slavery . The victors write the history books , so the North wrote the history on slavery and very conveniently painted it solely as a Southern sin , whereas in fact the Northern colonies and states owned slaves for over 200 years and were the main slave traders . " She said she found inspiration in Obama 's trip to Ghana and the recent Senate apology . The nation needs to discuss the issue of slavery now more than ever , she said . "  Some people think that those of us who are white and believe in the importance of public apologies or public acknowledgements -- -LSB- they -RSB- feel that we 're just a bunch of knee-jerk , guilt-ridden liberals , " she said . "  I like to say , ` Why would n't the government and white Americans want to go out of our way to make things right , including with what is just a very simple human step of offering an apology/acknowledgement ? ' " In addition to the Senate apology , states such as Alabama , Connecticut , Florida , Maryland , New Jersey , North Carolina and Virginia have enacted similar resolutions at the state level for their roles in sanctioning and promoting slavery . But many feel an apology is over the top . State Rep. Patrick McDonough opposed an apology when it was considered in Maryland in 2007 . A descendant of Irish immigrants , McDonough said an apology is simply a "  mindset cleansing " for liberals and a potential preamble for reparations . "  It 's just a divisive grand-standing issue that makes no sense at all , " said McDonough , a Republican radio host in Baltimore . "  No. 1 , I or my family have never owned slaves . We came to the United States from Ireland long after slavery had been abolished . No. 2 , I think the apology has already been given in the way of 500,000 dead American soldiers in the Union Army who made it clear that they did n't approve of slavery and fought against it . " He added that tens of millions of dollars from taxpayers , both black and white , have been spent on programs to help African-Americans over the years , amounting to the equivalent of an apology for a bad institution . "  There is no need for an apology ; there is a need for people to come together and work for the general welfare of the nation , " he said . "  The president , I believe , will pretty soon appoint a czar of apology . " On his trip in Ghana , Obama said the nation and the world should never forget the scourge of slavery because it 's still relevant in today 's world . "  I think that the experience of slavery is like the experience of the Holocaust . I think it 's one of those things you do n't forget about . I think it is important that the way we think about it and the way it 's taught is not one in which there 's simply a victim and a victimizer , and that 's the end of the story , " he said . "  I think the way it has to be thought about , the reason it 's relevant is because whether it 's what 's happening in Darfur or what 's happening in the Congo or what 's happening in too many places around the world -- you know , the capacity for cruelty still exists . " "  So trying to use these kinds of extraordinary moments to widen the lens and make sure that we 're all reflecting on how we are treating each other , I think , is something I want my kids to think about and I want every child to think about . "	Obama 's visit to Ghana came weeks after Senate apologized for slavery Debate still rages over apology ; Maryland lawmaker says there 's "  no need " for one Katrina Browne learned her ancestors from the North made millions trading slaves In Ghana , Obama says issue is still relevant : "  Capacity for cruelty still exists "
CNN  -- The drummer for the Scorpions rock band has been sentenced to a month in jail for being drunk , insulting Muslims and lowering his trousers at Dubai International Airport , local media reported . James Kottak , the band 's 51-year-old American drummer , admitted to a Dubai court Tuesday that he had been drinking when he landed at the airport on April 3 on a flight from Moscow , court reporters from The National and Gulf News said . The band was on its way to Bahrain for a concert for the Formula One Grand Prix . Witnesses said that Kottak became angry and swore . One passenger services agent is quoted as telling the court that "  he was shouting ` non-educated Muslims , ' then he went to the office of the head and flashed his middle finger at the passengers . " Kottak admitted to drinking but denied making any insulting comments about Muslims and denied flashing his middle finger . A policeman testified that Kottak shouted that he would n't travel with a group of Pakistanis and Afghans , saying they "  smell , " a claim Kottak denied . Witnesses also said Kottak removed his trousers , but his lawyer said he just raised his shirt to show off a tattoo . Kottak 's lawyer , named by The National as Hamid al-Khazraji , argued that his client was innocent and that testimony from witnesses was contradictory . Dubai police confirmed the arrest but would not comment on details . Kottak "  was arrested at the airport earlier this month after complaints about his behavior . He was then , according to the law , referred to the prosecution department , " a Dubai police source told CNN Arabic . The band made its first comment on the incident on its Facebook page Wednesday . "  When James Kottak arrived in Dubai at 3 . april , he ran into problems at immigrations and got busted . whatever happened is totally out of our control and we do n't know any details about it at this point , " the post read . Court reporters said Kottak will be deported within days after his jail term ends . The Gulf News described the sentence as "  lenient . " The United Arab Emirates is a Muslim country , and while some licensed venues serve alcohol , the Government of Dubai Code of Conduct says that "  being caught under the effect of alcohol " outside licensed venues , even in light doses , "  can lead to a fine or incarceration . "	James Kottak admitted to a Dubai court that he had been drinking , reports say The Scorpions were at Dubai International Airport , on their way to Moscow for a concert Reports : Witnesses say he flipped off passengers , insulted Muslims and dropped his pants Kottak denies the witness accounts , but he 's sentenced to a month in jail , reports say
WIRED  -- The iPhone 4S is available on three major carriers , leaving potential buyers to wonder whether AT&T , Verizon or Sprint is the better network choice . Pricing plans aside , carrier quality is a significant factor in anyone 's purchasing decision , and now consumers have hard data to help them choose : A just-released study reports AT&T is tops for fast data speeds , while Verizon is the most reliable when it comes to making phone calls . Sprint 's main draw is that it offers unlimited , albeit slow , data . The study was performed by Metrico Wireless , a mobile device performance analytics firm . To test network performance , Metrico made 6,000 voice calls , conducted 8,000 data download/upload tests  both moving and stationary  , and downloaded more than 21,000 web pages . The tests found that Verizon dropped calls 2.1 percent of the time , while AT&T dropped 2.8 percent of calls and Sprint lost 3.7 percent of calls . The average dropped-call rate for the entire mobile industry is 1.4 percent . Although Sprint dropped the most calls , it had the highest call quality on the uplink  outbound calls  , while AT&T had the best downlink call quality  inbound calls  . With regard to maximum data speeds , AT&T led the pack at 6,047 Kbps , with Verizon a distant second at 2,371 Kbps , and Sprint crawling in last with only 1,767 Kbps . It 's unclear , however , exactly where Metrico tested data bandwidth , and as any iPhone-toting San Francisco resident will tell you , data quality can be terrible in areas with high concentrations of tech geeks . The original iPhone launched exclusively with AT&T , which was the sole carrier of the iPhone until Apple announced that Verizon would also begin carrying the iPhone 4 in January 2011 . Prior to the launch of the iPhone 4S , rumors swirled that the phone would land on Sprint , and ultimately proved true . Of the three carriers , Sprint is the only one that provides a true unlimited data plan . Metrico 's results are consistent with what we found back when Verizon began offering the iPhone 4 : AT&T offered better download speeds , while Verizon had better coverage . Another important stat Metrico found was that the iPhone 4S performed perfectly across all three networks when it came to data task reliability . In short , 100 percent of the time , the phone was able to complete web-page loads , stationary downloads , and stationary uploads . This contrasts with an earlier Metrico study from March 2011 that found Verizon had a higher download success rate when the phone was stationary , and AT&T had a higher rate while the phone was moving . So what 's the bottom line ? It looks like you 're going to get a relatively positive data-downloading experience no matter which carrier you choose , if only because you will be able to download data . But if you value downloading material quickly , you should go with AT&T . If call reliability is paramount , stick with Verizon , and if you want to use a lot of data but do n't care about speed , go with Sprint . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A new study compares AT&T , Verizon and Sprint for iPhone 4S service Verizon dropped calls the least at 2.1 % ; Sprint dropped the most at 3.7 % AT&T led the pack in maximum data speeds , with Verizon a distant second Phone was able to complete data tasks on all three networks 100 % of the time
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council agreed Wednesday to send the Palestinian application for statehood to its admissions committee for review . The first meeting of that committee , which includes all 15 members of the council , is set for Friday . The debate is expected to be largely symbolic in the face of a promised U.S. veto . But the permanent observer of the Palestinian Authority to the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , held out hope that the application would be accepted . "  As you see , the process is moving forward step by step , and we hope the Security Council  will  shoulder its responsibility and approve our application and send a recommendation to the General Assembly for the admission of Palestine into the United Nations , " Mansour said Wednesday . He also sharply criticized Israel 's approval Tuesday of the construction of 1,100 homes in a southern Jerusalem neighborhood that was seized by Israel in 1967 . The Palestinians claim the land Israel occupied in East Jerusalem and the West Bank after the 1967 war as part of a future Palestinian state . Mansour said the settlements were "  1,100 answers of saying no " to peace talks by the government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  This speaks clearly that Israel is not interested in negotiating with us . " But Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor said it was the Palestinians who were trying to circumvent negotiations with their statehood campaign . "  We are not against a Palestinian state , " he said . "  The thing is how to get there . We should be talking with each other , not over each other . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas made the bid for the United Nations to recognize an independent state of Palestine on Friday , a move Israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns . Abbas drew applause when he raised the document at the podium during his speech at the 66th annual session of the General Assembly . The time has come for a "  Palestinian Spring " to join the Arab Spring in reshaping the Middle East , he said . "  My people desire to exercise their right to enjoy a normal life like the rest of humanity . " But Netanyahu , later taking his turn to address the General Assembly , said Palestinians are looking for a "  state without peace , " ignoring security concerns important to Israel . He said Palestinians are armed not only with their "  hopes and dreams , " a phrase Abbas had used in his speech , but with "  10,000 missiles , and Grad rockets supplied by Iran , not to mention the river of lethal weapons flowing into Gaza . " "  Palestinians should first make peace with Israel and then get their state , " he said , adding that peace must arrive through a two-state solution that recognizes Israel as a Jewish state . If that occurs , Israel "  will be the first " to recognize Palestinian statehood , the prime minister said . U.S. President Barack Obama has said he supports Palestinian statehood but reiterated a longstanding U.S. position that Israel must be part of the discussions . While a U.S. veto would block the bid for full U.N. membership , the General Assembly could still vote to upgrade the status of Palestinians , who currently hold the status of non-voting observer "  entity . " The body could change that status to permanent observer "  state , " identical to the Vatican 's standing at the United Nations .	The U.N. Security Council sent the application to its admissions committee The committee is slated to meet Friday The United States , however , has promised to veto the bid
London  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's toast to Queen Elizabeth II on Tuesday was interrupted when the orchestra at the state dinner began playing "  God Save the Queen " before Obama finished . Following the queen 's toast to him and the playing of the U.S. national anthem , Obama began his toast by thanking her and commenting on her reign and the close ties between their countries . The president then asked the guests to stand and join him in toasting the queen . "  To Her Majesty the Queen , " Obama began , but the orchestra -- apparently thinking the president had concluded -- started playing the British anthem . Obama continued with his toast , speaking over the music in citing the special relationship between the British and American people and quoting William Shakespeare 's tribute to "  to this blessed plot , this earth , this realm , this England " from "  Richard II . " "  To the queen , " Obama concluded as the music played on . When the music ended , Obama repeated , "  to the queen , " and the audience , clearly confused by the turn of events , delayed a few seconds before applauding .	Musicians apparently thought President Obama had concluded Obama keeps speaking over "  God Save the Queen "
CNN  -- Higher temperatures are bringing some relief to the Southeast and should remain in place despite stormy weather expected for the coming weekend , weather forecasters said Tuesday . After the stretch of unusually cold weather that gripped the region , severe storms will affect the Gulf Coast of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and most of Florida on Friday evening and Saturday , the National Weather Service said . Cold Arctic air will remain to the north . In Atlanta , Georgia -- where ice from a snowfall last week remains on the ground in some places and weekend temperatures did n't climb out of the 20s -- forecasters predicted a daytime high of 37 degrees Tuesday after a high of 44 on Monday . A gradual warming is predicted through Friday , when the high could reach 58 . But overnight lows are n't expected to edge above freezing until Friday night . Several Florida cities have had early morning record lows in the past two days , the weather service said . "  Temperatures over the weekend and early Monday morning plunged to levels not seen in 20 years over south Florida in the wake of the arctic cold front which blasted through the region early Saturday , " it said . "  Temperatures remained at or below 50 degrees for more than 48 consecutive hours , finally rising above 50 during the late morning to midday hours Monday . Although no records are kept of consecutive number of hours at or below 50 degrees , it is likely that this streak is among the longest on record . " Key West , which has weather records dating to 1873 , recorded its second-lowest temperature of 42 degrees Monday at 4:55 a.m. Its record low was 41 degrees , set January 13 , 1981 , and January 12 , 1886 . In northern Florida , Tuesday 's high was expected to reach 54 degrees in the state capital , Tallahassee , and temperatures were forecast to increase during the week . Early morning readings Wednesday will be in the high 20s , the weather service said . That is far better than the low of 16 degrees in the city early Monday . The cold weather has damaged Florida 's citrus crops , which ca n't tolerate prolonged temperatures of 28 degrees or below . Florida produces three-quarters of the United States ' orange crop . Some groves in the northern part of the growing area suffered substantial frost damage Saturday night and Sunday morning , Andrew Meadows , spokesman for Florida Citrus Mutual , said Monday . It will take about five weeks to quantify the losses , he said . But the frigid air was welcome to peach growers in central Texas . According to Jamey Vogel , who owns Vogel Orchard in Stonewall , Texas , just east of Fredericksburg , "  Peach trees need chilling hours , which are hours below 45 degrees , and we have been getting a lot of those this year . " "  We absolutely welcome it , " he told CNN affiliate KXAN in Austin . He said he has 9,500 peach trees in his 90-acre family orchard . The trees , which are dormant this time of year , need cold , wet weather to produce a crop . Share your cold weather stories , photos On the West Coast , a storm was rolling into the area between Seattle and San Francisco , with the brunt heading into Northern California , according to CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano . Two to 3 inches of snow was possible in the Sierras , forecasters said .	Southeast should see higher temperatures this week , storms this weekend , forecasters say In Atlanta , Georgia , warming is predicted through Friday , when high could reach 58 In Florida , Tuesday 's high was expected to reach 54 in Tallahassee , the state capital On West Coast , a storm was rolling into the area between Seattle and San Francisco
CNN  Good news for air travelers passing through Manila : the city 's international airport is n't quite as bad as it used to be . That 's the only slightly uplifting word from The Guide to Sleeping in Airports , a travel website that produces an annual survey to identify the world 's worst and best aviation terminals . After being crowned worst three years in a row , Manila 's Ninoy Aquino International Airport has this year lost its place at the bottom of the heap to Pakistan 's Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International . It 's now climbed to the heady position of fourth worst . Despite the website 's name , airports were n't just rated according to how easy it is to catch some shuteye . Readers were asked to judge facilities in four categories : comfort , conveniences , cleanliness and customer service . Is Islamabad 's Benazir Bhutto International really so bad ? Airport officials did n't reply to CNN 's requests for a comment , but survey respondents were less than complimentary . "  This airport is -LSB- like -RSB- a central prison , " said one who complained of touts and aggressive taxi drivers . The survey ranked Saudi Arabia 's busiest airport , Jeddah 's King Abdulaziz International as second worst , followed by Nepal 's Kathmandu Tribhuvan International . Manila 's climb to fourth follows what many respondents said was a "  slight improvement " created by the recent opening of its Terminal 3 . Three European airports frequented by low-cost carriers were next in line . Paris Beauvais-Tille International Airport and "  not-in-Frankfurt " Frankfurt Hahn International Airport tied for sixth . Bergamo Orio al Serio International Airport near Milan was listed as eighth worst . New York City 's LaGuardia International Airport , ranked 10th , was the only U.S. entry to make top 10 list . Airport with a spa There were no surprises when it came to naming the best airport , with Singapore 's Changi International taking the title it 's held every year since the survey began 18 years ago . Its success is credited to the spa , pool , gym , four-story slide and movie theaters that make the airport a destination in itself . Offering almost as many cool perks as its Singapore counterpart , South Korean 's Seoul Incheon International was named second best . Amsterdam Schiphol and Hong Kong International Airport  last year 's third and fourth best airports  dropped out from the top five to ninth and seventh spots , respectively . Helsinki International Airport , Munich International Airport and Vancouver International Airport wrapped up the top five . Worst Airports of 2014 1 . Benazir Bhutto International Airport , Islamabad , Pakistan 2 . King Abdulaziz International Airport , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia 3 . Tribhuvan International Airport , Kathmandu , Nepal 4 . Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport , Philippines 5 . Tashkent International Airport , Uzbekistan = 6 . Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport , France = 6 . Frankfurt Hahn Airport , Germany 8 . Bergamo Orio al Serio Airport , Italy 9 . Tegel Airport , Berlin , Germany 10 . LaGuardia Airport , New York City Best Airports of 2014 1 . Changi Airport , Singapore 2 . Incheon International Airport , South Korea 3 . Helsinki Airport , Finland 4 . Munich Airport , Germany 5 . Vancouver International Airport , Canada 6 . Kuala Lumpur International Airport , Malaysia 7 . Hong Kong International Airport , Hong Kong 8 . Tokyo Haneda International Airport , Japan 9 . Schiphol Amsterdam Airport , Netherlands 10 . Zurich Airport , Switzerland	Sleeping in Airports ' annual survey highlights world 's best and worst airports Airports judged on comfort , conveniences , cleanliness and customer service Singapore named world 's best airport for 18th year in a row
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters will play Maria Sharapova in the final of the WTA tournament in Cincinnati after both had contrasting semifinal victories . Fourth seed Clijsters was leading 2-1 in the opening set of her last four match when fellow former world number one Ana Ivanovic withdrew . 10th seed Sharapova had to battle for two and a half hours to beat fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-4 3-6 6-2 in their later night match . Belgian ace Clijsters is 4-3 ahead in career meetings with Sharapova and both will be bidding for a season-leading third title of the season on Sunday . Ivanovic will be hoping that the injury does not ruin her chances of continuing her improvement at next month 's U.S. Open in New York , the final grand slam event of the tennis year . "  I was very scared . All of a sudden on that one shot , I felt something crack a little bit , " she told reporters . "  Just on that one forehand when I went to step around it , I just felt like pain all of a sudden , so much pain in my foot and I could n't step on it anymore . "  I tried a bit of tape , but I could not put any weight on it and there was no point in me continuing . " The 22-year-old , who before this week had won back-to-back matches only twice this year in reaching the semifinals in Brisbane and Rome , was seeking to reach her first final since Indian Wells in March 2009 . After almost being knocked out in the opening round of the hardcourt event , she had few problems in winning her next two matches and then on Friday won her quarterfinal against Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova , who earlier upset top seed Jelena Jankovic . "  It 's a shame a match like this had to end like that for her , " Clijsters told the official WTA website . "  It was nice to see her do well this week , and then something like that happens . " Sharapova , who has had her share of injury problems , will be bidding to add to her titles in Memphis and Strasbourg as she moves up the rankings .	Kim Clijsters has the chance to win her third title on the WTA Tour this year Belgian moves into Cincinnati final after Ana Ivanovic suffers foot injury The Serbian retires hurt after losing the third game of the opening set on Saturday NEW : Maria Sharapova to face Clijsters in final after beating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova
CNN  -- Whether or not you care about the big game on Sunday , if you have plans to visit New Orleans any time in the near future , you 're a winner of Super Bowl XLVII . When the final seconds tick away on the scoreboard , New Orleanians and the some 10 million visitors likely to travel to the Big Easy this year will be left with a new-and-improved mecca on the Mississippi . Local officials say the process of putting its game face on for the Super Bowl helped push the memories of Katrina damage even deeper into the history vaults . "  This is probably the greatest example I can give you of resiliency . Here we are , seven years after Hurricane Katrina , the NFL has awarded us the biggest party and biggest celebration that they have , " said Mark Romig , president and CEO of New Orleans Tourism Marketing Corporation . The ` new ' New Orleans The tourism marketing organization says the game inspired $ 1.3 billion in infrastructure improvements , including upgrades to downtown hotels , a total makeover at the airport , enhancements at the Superdome and repairs to area highways , streets , sidewalks and the streetcar line . Also funded were five new playgrounds that will be completed as part of the "  Super Saturday of Service " the day before the Ravens and 49ers compete for the Lombardi trophy . Romig says the city used Super Bowl XLVII as the goalpost , timing-wise , for countless projects that have brought the city to a new level of post-Katrina recovery . Mardi Gras beyond bare breasts The Louis Armstrong International Airport , many visitors ' first and last impression of the city , has been noticeably lacking in authentic New Orleans food and flair . With the NFL and its entourage heading to the Crescent City , $ 356 million was dedicated to revamping the amenities and the aesthetics of the terminal buildings . Among the improvements that took flight : new restaurants , signage and runway approach lights . While the city surpassed pre-Katrina visitor spending in 2011 -- with $ 5.47 billion spent that year -- the actual visitor count has yet to rise above the bar of 10.4 million visitors , the number of arrivals in 2004 . Romig says he does n't like to speculate , but he 's optimistic about 2013 being a record-breaker , especially with this three-week party kicking off the year . "  The Super Bowl footprint is very large . Then you have the added impact of Mardi Gras , which brings in several hundreds of millions of dollars on its own . So when you combine the two , it 's a wonderful , positive , double whammy for the city of New Orleans , the state of Louisiana and the region , " he said . His organization puts the economic impact for the three weeks of what 's been dubbed "  Super Gras " at approximately $ 730 million . Barry Kern , president of Mardi Gras World and co-chair of the Super Bowl Hospitality Committee , says the overhaul is "  just another building block to New Orleans being rebuilt and becoming a city of the 21st century where everybody would want to be . " Best bites in the Big Easy Football frenzy Even though their team is n't marching into the Superdome on Sunday , many Saints fans are still riding the high of winning the Super Bowl in 2010 . Mavis Early , executive director of the Greater New Orleans Hotel & Lodging Association , is glad to see football filling the city 's 37,000 hotel rooms , but she 's even more emotional about what the sport has meant to her city , calling the Saints "  the true catalyst to the recovery of New Orleans . " It has been two years , but the euphoria still lingers . Having the Super Bowl at the Superdome calls to mind how the Saints ' victory helped "  wash away whatever negative emotions people were holding onto from the impact of Katrina and the levee breaks , " says Early . She says fans still looking for a room for the weekend should keep checking with their desired hotel for cancellations . She also recommends www.bbnola.com , where several hundred bed and breakfast listings can be found . Hosting this game ties New Orleans with Miami for the city that has been home to the most Super Bowls ; the last time was in 2002 . Kern says he 's certain that if Hurricane Katrina had n't struck , New Orleans would be alone in the top spot . "  Our hospitality is the biggest plus . I guarantee , you come to New Orleans and you 're going to be treated better than you 'll be treated anywhere else that you 're ever going to go for a Super Bowl , " says Kern , whose Mardi Gras World is a beehive of activity now , as workers put the finishing touches on hundreds of floats soon to be parading through the city streets . Mardi Gras day is February 12 . The city spread out its annual Carnival celebration this year , altering the parade schedule to allow for a pause on the days immediately surrounding Super Bowl Sunday . If Baltimore and San Francisco fans get a taste of the city and hate the thought of leaving , Romig and other city leaders are urging them to stay for a parade or two . Kern is hoping that exposing the sports crowd to the joys of Carnival and Mardi Gras will help communicate the family-friendly reality of the event . Two smiling tourists from New York are proof that seeing is believing . "  Before coming here all we heard about was drunk people in the streets , but everyone 's been friendly and not so crazy , " said Yolanda Huang . Her friend Jeanne Hsu agreed , adding , "  It 's really easy to get around . I feel very safe and it 's cleaner than what I expected . " Another group of friends from Sao Paulo , Brazil , was enjoying an early Mardi Gras parade on Friday afternoon , dancing along with the Krewe of Cork . "  In Brazil , we play soccer . We do n't know so much about the American football , " said one of them , with a smile . "  But we are here for the Mardi Gras and the vacation . " Even before the kickoff for Super Bowl XLVII , city officials are planning their next mission . Kern has no doubt the Super Bowl will make a return trip fairly soon . And the tourism marketing corporation is strategizing for 2018 . That 's when New Orleans will turn 300 years old , or if you start over and count time forward from the storm -- as so many in this region were forced to do -- it will be in its 13th year of renewal . So who 's going to win on Sunday ? According to Romig , "  In the long term , the citizens of the area are the biggest winners because they 're going to benefit from all these great things that have happened in the city . " 3 ways to enjoy the Big Easy on a budget Ride a streetcar : For a mere $ 1.25 , there are several options . The St. Charles line is one of the most popular , and this time of year , visitors will get to see trees and street signs draped in Carnival beads . Hop on where St. Charles hits Canal for a rewarding low-cost tour . Take the free ferry : The Algiers Ferry leaves every 30 minutes from the dock right next to the aquarium to cross the Mississippi . Get off at Algiers Point and walk around , or simply ride across and back while enjoying the view . Fans in town this week should go at dusk for the special treat of seeing St. Louis Cathedral lit up by the media crews . Browse the art co-op : From Jackson Square , follow the sidewalk behind Cafe du Monde  yes , the powdered sugar-covered treats are a must !  and just before you reach the colorful shopping bazaar that is the French Market , you 'll discover the Dutch Alley Artist 's Co-op . Browsing is free , but you 're likely to find a unique souvenir that you ca n't live without -- and you might even meet the person who created it .	New Orleans ' Superbowl and Mardi Gras excitement has been dubbed ` Super Gras ' The big game inspired $ 1.3 billion in infrastructure improvements , city officials say Mardi Gras parades are already rolling with the big day on February 12
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A MoveOn.org political advertisement that criticized the top U.S. commander in Iraq was "  disgusting , " President Bush said Thursday , accusing Democrats of being afraid to criticize the anti-war group . Gen. David Petraeus testifies on Capitol Hill last week about the so-called surge in Iraq . Bush told reporters at a White House news conference that MoveOn.org 's ad in The New York Times about Gen. David Petraeus was a "  sorry deal . " The September 10 full-page ad was titled "  General Petraeus or General Betray Us ? " "  I felt like the ad was an attack , not only on Gen. Petraeus , but on the U.S. military , " Bush said . "  And I was disappointed that not more leaders in the Democratic Party spoke out strongly against that kind of ad . " Bush said that "  most Democrats are afraid of irritating a left-wing group like MoveOn.org " and they "  are more afraid of irritating them than they are of irritating the United States military . " Watch Bush condemn the MoveOn.org ad " He said , "  It 's one thing to attack me . It 's another thing to attack somebody like Gen. Petraeus . " Many Democratic lawmakers immediately criticized the ad after it was published . Eli Pariser , executive director of MoveOn.org , reacted quickly to Bush 's comments . "  What 's disgusting is that the president has more interest in political attacks than developing an exit strategy to get our troops out of Iraq and end this awful war , " Pariser said . "  The president has no credibility on Iraq : He lied repeatedly to the American people to get us into the war . Most Americans oppose the war and want us to get out . " MoveOn.org and other war critics have accused Petraeus and the Bush administration of "  cherry-picking " data to make it seem that military success is being achieved in Iraq . During testimony last week before Congress , Petraeus and Ryan Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , said they believed the U.S. troop increase in Iraq has had some success , an assertion that critics of the war have questioned . A Senate GOP amendment to repudiate the MoveOn.org ad passed Thursday 72-25 as Republicans tried to force Democrats to distance themselves , on the record , from the controversy . GOP Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said the amendment "  gives our colleagues a chance to distance themselves from these despicable tactics , distance themselves from the notion that some group literally has them on a leash , like a puppet on a string . " Among Democratic presidential candidates , Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York and Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut voted against the resolution . Sens. Joe Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois did n't vote . The Democrats on Thursday failed to pass their resolution . It included a condemnation of the "  unwarranted personal attack " on Petraeus , but also condemned "  personal attacks " that happened in 2002 against then-Democratic Sen. Max Cleland of Georgia and attacks in 2004 against Sen. John Kerry . The vote was 51-46 , but 60 votes were needed to proceed . The Democrats ' amendment was sponsored by Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she faults the Republicans for blocking the Democratic resolution praising Cleland , who was wounded while serving in Vietnam , and Kerry , who is a decorated veteran of the Vietnam War . "  The Senate just voted to denounce , condemn , whatever it is , MoveOn for that ad , but at same time , they rejected assaults on those who have served in our military with great heroism -- the Boxer amendment , " Pelosi said . "  It seems that the Republicans are selective in how they want to honor those who are serving or have served in the military . It was very disappointing , but it was also very telling . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Dems fail in bid to condemn attacks on Petraeus , Max Cleland , John Kerry Senate passes 72-25 a GOP amendment to repudiate MoveOn.org ad President Bush calls MoveOn.org 's ad on Gen. David Petraeus "  disgusting " Newspaper ad titled "  General Petraeus or General Betray Us ? "
CNN  -- Spain 's Jose Manuel Lara claimed only the second European Tour title of his career with victory over Englishman David Lynn in a playoff at the end of the Austrian Open in Atzenbrugg . The 33-year-old , the winner of the 2007 Hong Kong Open , carded a best-of-the-day eight-under-par 64 to finish on 271  -17  , level with joint overnight leader Lynn -- who posted a 68 for his final 18 holes . The pair finished three strokes clear of Sweden 's Alexander Noren , England 's Danny Willet , who led with Lynn after the third round before falling away with a 71 , and European Ryder Cup star Graeme McDowell  69  . However , on the first extra hole , Lynn needed three shots to find the green and Lara was abe to putt out for a par to seal victory -- and secure his European Tour card for 2011 in the process . Lara had missed nine cuts in a row before his fourth-place finish at last week 's KLM Dutch Open and he carried that form over into this week 's event . "  I was expecting something good . I was hitting the ball really well last week , " Lara told the official European Tour website after his win . "  I wanted to win this tournament and the way I played this week , in my best dreams , I never imagined that . " Lynn 's runner-up performance ensured he kept up an impressive record of finishing inside the top 100 on the Race To Dubai for an 11th consecutive season . "  Second place is a good finish so I can take heart from that and I 've played some great golf this week . It 's just disappointing it has n't come off in the end , " said the 36-year-old .	Jose Manuel Lara claims the second European Tour title of his career The Spaniard defeats David Lynn in a playoff at the end of the Austrian Open Lara , 33 , adds the Austrian Open to his success in the 2007 Hong Kong Open European Ryder Cup star Graeme McDowell finishes in a tie for third position
Atlanta  CNN  -- Jackie Gingrich , the first wife of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and the mother of his two daughters , died Wednesday in Atlanta , according to the funeral home organizing her arrangements . She was 77 . The Almon Funeral Home in Carrollton , Georgia , did not give her cause of death , but Gingrich had battled cancer for years . Jackie Gingrich never talked on camera about her marriage to the former speaker , which ended in 1980 . Questions about their divorce have dogged her ex-husband for the past three decades , emerging again in late 2011 as he made a bid for the Republican nomination for president . Newt Gingrich married Marianne Ginther , a 28-year-old congressional staffer , six months after his divorce from Jackie was final . Jackie Gingrich was born Jacqueline May Battley on February 21 , 1936 , in Columbus , Georgia , the oldest of four children , the funeral home said . She earned a mathematics degree from Auburn College in just three years so her sister , Carol , could start college right after high school , it said . "  Strong in her belief in God , she credited prayer , as well as medicine , for saving her life numerous times , " the home said . "  For decades , she served as a deacon and a volunteer at the First Baptist Church in Carrollton . She loved her church , her red hat ladies , bridge club , retired teachers lunch bunch and investment group . " Jackie Gingrich taught mathematics at high schools in South Georgia and retired around the time her grandchildren were born so she could spend more time with them , the funeral home said . She spent her last year at an Atlanta retirement home . "  Smart , spunky , determined , funny , a fighter -- she had sparkling blue eyes , a constant smile on her face and loved her family and friends . She was the first in her family to graduate from college and , at a time when math was considered by many to be a man 's field , was often the only woman in her college math classes , " the home said . People we 've lost in 2013	New Gingrinch 's ex-wife battled cancer for years She never talked on camera about their marriage , which ended in 1980 She taught high school math when it "  was considered by many to be a man 's field " She was "  smart " and "  spunky " and "  strong in her belief in God "
CNN  -- Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa , whose hands and feet were amputated in a bid to save her from a deadly and little-known illness , died early Saturday , two friends of the model told CNN . Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa died Saturday after undergoing multiple amputations . "  Unfortunately Mari could n't resist any longer . She passed away at 3 a.m. today , " Henrique Fontes , executive director of Miss World Brazil , said in an e-mail to CNN . Renato Lindgren , a friend of the model who runs a blog dedicated to her , confirmed da Costa 's death . On his blog , Lindgren wrote that he and other friends were going to the hospital . "  On behalf of all the family , we are grateful for the support and the affection that the entire world has sent to us , " he wrote . Da Costa , 20 , had fought a pernicious disease that has ravaged her body and forced doctors to perform the amputations and extract part of her stomach as well as both kidneys . She had been breathing through a respirator , officials at Dorio Silva Hospital in the Brazilian state of Espirito Santo said Friday . Da Costa suffered from necrosis , or the fast deadening of tissue , caused by septicemia . Septicemia , triggered by a bacterial infection , causes insufficient blood flow that can lead to organ failure . Da Costa first sought medical advice after feeling ill in late December . Hospital officials said she was transferred to Dorio Silva on January 3 in "  septic shock , " a serious medical condition caused by an inflammation . Da Costa was first diagnosed as suffering a urinary tract infection . By the time the infection was detected , it had developed into septicemia . Doctors decided to amputate first her hands and then her feet after the condition reduced the amount of oxygen being delivered to her limbs . Just less than one month ago , da Costa was a healthy young woman well on the way to achieving her dream of becoming a world class model . She placed sixth in the Miss Bikini International competition in China last year and took first place for the "  Best in Swimsuit " category . In 2007 and 2008 , she came fourth in the contest to become Brazil 's entrant for the Miss World pageant . Thiago Simoes , da Costa 's fiance , said she was on her way to international stardom , signing with prominent model scout Dilson Stein , who brought Brazilian models , including Gisele Bundchen and Luize Altenhofen , to the world stage . "  All the agencies were very interested in knowing her . I know for a fact that they would have loved her because Mariana is beautiful , " Stein told Brazil 's Tribuna newspaper . Simoes told CNN that da Costa woke up from a coma 10 days ago and told him how much she wanted to be alive . "  She told me she was praying to stay alive , that she still had a lot to do on this earth , that she wanted to go on with her plans , " he said . "  She comes from a humble family and she was the main breadwinner , " said Simoes , who refuted rumors that da Costa was dieting and that might have affected her health . "  She never dieted , never took pills ... she is a very simple , very warm human being , " he said . A doctor who recently published an article in The New England Journal of Medicine on the disease , told CNN that little was known about the illness , although it is the tenth leading cause of deaths in the United States . "  We know a lot about what happens once a patient contracts the illness but we know very little about what causes it , " said Dr. Greg Martin of Emory University in Atlanta . Martin said sepsis is a "  response " to an infection that can cause the immune system to lose its balance . "  Basically , the immune system goes haywire after contracting an infection and begins to overreact , " he said . Men are more susceptible than women , Martin said . News of da Costa 's condition spread quickly throughout Brazil and then worldwide . A message on her Web site said that the volume of traffic had caused it to crash , and that the site had received more than 15,000 hits in two days . "  The whole world , I repeat , the whole world is touched by the case of Mariana , " it said . The message said they had received "  e-mails of solidarity from all corners of the world : Australia , Ukraine , Czech Republic , France , Italy , USA , Russia , etc. " CNN 's Hilary Whiteman and Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	NEW : Brazilian amputee model Mariana Bridi da Costa died early Saturday Da Costa 's hands , feet were amputated after she contracted septicemia Da Costa placed sixth in the Miss Bikini International competition in China
CNN  -- The election is over , and it has already become easy to forget the election administration lunacy that plagued many communities this year : long waits for voting , changing legal rules even while the election was under way , misprinted ballots , incorrect instructions given to voters , and various machine breakdowns . When close elections lead to recounts and jurisdictions undergo the legal equivalent of a proctology exam , the remarkable variety of maladies that plague the American electoral system are exposed . But when a candidate 's margin of victory exceeds the margin of litigation , we tend , as a nation , to rapidly develop electoral amnesia . We should n't need a Bush v. Gore-style heart attack , though , to shock us out of complacency about an election system that fails in its most basic functions . The long lines of frustrated voters that have characterized the last three presidential elections reflect deep problems with our democracy and how we administer it . President Obama acknowledged as much in his acceptance speech when he thanked everyone who went to the polls . "  Whether you voted for the first time , or waited in line for a very long time -- by the way , we have to fix that ... , " he said . He 's right . The country needs an election system governed by uniform rules administered with competence and political neutrality . Until we get one , we will continue to trade one series of election problems for another as we stumble toward the next 2000-style disaster . Opinion : Big money lost , but do n't be relieved The first problem is that we let openly partisan state and local officials run elections . Political players , in other words , make the rules and referee the game . A state 's chief election official might even be the campaign chair for a candidate in an election she administers . Every other democracy in the world has found some way to avoid this . Partisan election administration may be the most deeply entrenched problem -- and the hardest to change . Anyone who is now a statewide supervisor of elections was either elected or appointed by someone who was elected . The second , also uniquely American , problem is the extreme decentralization of our elections . We have no national election authority : states and counties are in charge of designing ballots , registering voters , adopting balloting technologies , allocating resources such as poll workers and voting machines and conducting the initial canvass of votes . To some extent , this decentralization can counter partisan manipulation at the state level by busting the monopoly one party might have over election administration . But it also leads to geographic variation in the quality of democracy that confronts voters on Election Day . Election administration competes with many other things for attention and money , like schools , police and emergency assistance . And even when resources are not a problem , the sheer randomness of decisions made state by state and county by county lead to marked disparities in the election experience for voters . Carville : GOP routed by reality Third , even with the best rules and technology , poorly trained volunteer poll workers are often not up to the task . They do yeoman 's work for our democracy and their service is largely thankless . But every election year , within hours of polls opening , Internet message boards fill up with tales of workers wrongfully enforcing  or failing to enforce  the law , floundering with technology , or fitfully attempting to navigate the most basic aspects of verifying voter identity and handing out ballots . These combined dangers are further magnified by the fact that we have more democracy than anywhere else in the world . Perhaps even too much . We vote for more offices and on more issues than citizens of any other country . It should come as no surprise , then , that a 10-page ballot in Florida , for example , contributes to massive lines when it is added to the witches ' brew of manipulation , variation , and incompetence that define our elections . Perhaps the line in the president 's speech was not a throwaway and reflects a real recognition that something must be done , despite dodging a bullet this election . The problems this year may not have determined the outcome of the presidential election , but you can be sure they are affecting the close elections for congressional seats and state and local offices . Even apart from electoral outcomes , though , our system should be seen as an embarrassment each time we try to project our democratic values abroad . We should fix the system now before we have to perform the next autopsy on a national election gone horribly wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Persily	Nathaniel Persily : With election over , it 's easy to forget voting snafus that plagued it Obama alluded to needing to "  fix " voting problems in his speech Tuesday There 's no national system for elections , so confusion abounds , Persily says Persily : Heroic poll workers struggle with changing rules
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- When Severiano Ballesteros became a professional golf player in 1974 at the age 16 , he began transforming the game in Europe with his masterful creativity and imagination . On Saturday , at the age of 54 , he succumbed to complications related to a brain tumor , according to his official website . A message on the site Saturday said , in part , "  Today , at 2:10 a.m. Spanish time , Seve Ballesteros passed away peacefully surrounded by his family at his home in Pedrena . "  The Ballesteros family is very grateful for all the support and gestures of love that have been received since Seve was diagnosed with a brain tumor on 5th October 2008 at Madrid Hospital la Paz . " Fellow players have been quick to pay tribute . English golfer Lee Westwood , the current world No. 1 , tweeted that it was a "  sad day " and described Ballesteros as an inspiration , genius , role model , hero and friend . "  Seve made European golf what it is today , " Westwood continued . "  RIP Seve . " Italian golfer Francesco Molinari tweeted : "  What a terrible news to hear first thing in the morning . Seve was a superhero for all young golfers , played shots only he could see . RIP . " Ballesteros first made his name as a 19-year-old in 1976 when he finished second at the British Open -- one of golf 's four major tournaments . Three years later , he captured the win , making him the youngest winner of that century and the first non-British European to do so since 1907 . The Spaniard headed to America the following year where he achieved what no European player had : he won the Masters at Augusta . That victory was seen as breaking down the barriers for his fellow professionals from across the Atlantic who were seen at the time as inferior rivals . "  It was hard to get an invitation , it was hard to get into the majors , especially the U.S. Open , " Ballesteros told CNN in 2006 . "  They did n't like to see someone coming from a small country like Spain and go over there and take their money . As I hear several times in the locker room , ` Here comes the Spaniard to take our money . ' " During his 33-year career , he won a total of five major championships , six titles on the U.S. PGA tour and 56 on the European tour . Adored by fans around the world , Ballesteros was also highly respected by his fellow golfers , who described him as a maverick . "  You never knew when Seve was down -- he 's always been a battler on the golf course , " said British professional golfer Lee Westwood . "  When he thought he was out of a hole , he 's been able to get it up and down and just grind away . " He led the newly formed European team to its first Ryder Cup victory in 1985 and its continued period of success after that . Key to the team 's success was the partnership between Ballesteros and his friend Jose Maria Olazabel . They went on to become the most successful pairing in the event 's history . Olazabel told CNN that he "  learned a lot " from his fellow Spaniard . "  It was wonderful to watch him play , " the European Tour player said in a 2006 interview . "  Even though he might not be hitting the ball well he never gave up . He fought until the end . Great matches we won matches that looked lost . So everything was positive . " He led his team to victory in Valderrama , Spain , in 1997 -- the first year that the teams event was hosted by Europe outside of Britain and Ireland . Despite battling chronic back pain that hampered his form in the 1990s , he was named Spanish Sportsman of the Century and European Player of the Century in 2000 . It was Ballesteros ' passion and fighting spirit that saw him reach the summit of golf 's world rankings and escape seemingly impossible positions on the golf course . When he announced his retirement in July 2007 at the age of 50 , he said it was "  the most difficult decision of my life . " "  I have a number of good years left and I 'd rather spend time now with my three children and my companies and friends , " he said at the time . "  Golf has given me so much over the years that it 's really hard to give back even 25 percent of how much I got . It gave me the pleasure of competing and feeling the glory of winning . " A three-time British Open champion and two-time Masters champion , Ballesteros was often credited for transforming European golf . He was diagnosed with a brain tumor after losing consciousness at Madrid Airport on October 5 , 2008 . In late 2008 , he reportedly was recovering from the tumor and was released from a hospital after several operations . At the time , he called the situation the "  hardest challenge of my life . " He posted a message on his personal website to thank the doctors at Madrid 's Universitario La Paz hospital for the treatment . "  Thanks to them I will be able to play the mulligan of my life , which I expect to enjoy at my best , " Ballesteros said at the time . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	"  Seve was a superhero " for young golfers Ballesteros was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 2008 He won a record 50 tournaments on the European Tour He helped beat the U.S. in the 1985 Ryder Cup to begin two decades of dominance in golf
CNN  -- Nearly three decades after a member of his band launched a protest against apartheid , Bruce Springsteen is performing in South Africa next year for the first time . Springsteen will take the stage in Cape Town on January 28 and 29 . He 'll then head to Johannesburg , where he 'll play a gig on February 1 . The Boss will perform with his E Street Band , whose member Steven Van Zandt founded the Artists United Against Apartheid protest group in 1985 . Band member Van Zandt enlisted big names to join him in the hit song "  Sun City , " which slammed the apartheid government in South Africa . Dozens of performers took part , including Springsteen , Bono , Bob Dylan and the late Lou Reed . The legalized racial segregation enforced by the South African government ended in 1994 , when Nelson Mandela was elected the nation 's first black president . Springsteen has sold more than 65 million albums in the United States and 120 million worldwide .	The Boss will perform with his E Street Band In 1985 , band member Steven Van Zandt began a campaign against South Africa 's apartheid Van Zandt enlisted big names to be part of the campaign , including Bono and Bob Dylan
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon is making detailed plans to send about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of President Obama 's decision on the future of the eight-year-old war , a defense official said Tuesday . Obama held a lengthy meeting with top advisers Monday night and said Tuesday that he would announce plans for Afghanistan after the Thanksgiving holiday . A Defense Department official with direct knowledge of the process said there has been no final word on the president 's decision . But planners have been tasked with preparing to send 34,000 additional American troops into battle with the expectation that is the number Obama is leaning toward approving , the official said . Obama ordered more than 20,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , reportedly has called for up to 40,000 more to wage a counterinsurgency campaign against the Taliban , the Islamic militia originally ousted by the U.S. invasion in 2001 . The president has weighed several options for bolstering the American contingent , ranging from sending a few thousand troops to sending the 40,000 McChrystal requested . McChrystal was among those who took part in Monday 's conference with Obama and other top advisers , which broke up at 10 p.m. Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen and Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , were among the other senior officials in the meeting . Obama said Tuesday that the deliberations have been "  comprehensive and extremely useful . " "  It 's going to be important to recognize that in order for us to succeed there , you 've got to have a comprehensive strategy that includes civilian and diplomatic efforts , " he said at a news conference Tuesday with visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The military has planning under way to send these units : three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade with about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 ; and between 4,000 and 5,000 support troops -- a total of approximately 34,000 troops , according to a defense official with direct knowledge of Pentagon operations . CNN reported last month that this was the preferred option within the Pentagon . The troops would be dispatched throughout Afghanistan but would be focused mainly on the southern and southeastern provinces , where much of the recent fighting has taken place . Currently , brigades from Fort Drum in upstate New York and Fort Campbell in Kentucky are among those that are next in line to deploy . About 68,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , along with about 45,000 from the NATO alliance . Two U.S. military officials said NATO countries would be asked to contribute more troops to fill the gap between the 34,000 the Pentagon expects Obama to send and the 40,000 McChrystal wanted . The request is expected to come during a December 7 meeting at the alliance 's headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell would not discuss specific numbers , but he said NATO would be asked for additional help . "  Clearly , if the president decides to commit additional forces to Afghanistan , there would be an expectation that our allies would also commit additional forces , " Morrell said . U.S.-led troops invaded Afghanistan in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's September 11 attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion overthrew the Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but most of the top al Qaeda and Taliban leadership escaped the onslaught . Taliban fighters have since regrouped in the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . Al Qaeda 's top leaders , Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region . The conflict has claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday suggests that the U.S public is split over whether more troops should be sent to Afghanistan . Fifty percent of those polled said they would support such a decision , with 49 percent opposed . The poll found that 66 percent of Americans believe the war is going badly , up 11 percentage points from a similar survey in March . Overall support for the war has fallen to 45 percent , with 52 percent opposed . iReporters sound off ; share your views on sending more troops in Afghanistan Afghanistan was among the topics Obama and Singh discussed in their meetings Tuesday . Singh said the international community needs "  to sustain its engagement in Afghanistan , to help it emerge as a modern state . " "  The forces of terrorism in our region pose a grave threat to the entire civilized world and have to be defeated , " he said . "  President Obama and I have decided to strengthen our cooperation in the area of counterterrorism . " India is one Afghanistan 's biggest international donors , contributing $ 1.2 billion in aid . That involvement has been met with suspicion in Pakistan , India 's nuclear rival in South Asia . But it has helped the United States by sharing some of the burden of stabilizing the country and providing civilian support . In addition , several leading analysts have argued that settling the decades-old tensions between India and Pakistan would allow both sides to pull troops off their borders , giving Pakistan more resources to battle the Taliban along its northwest frontier . "  I think that will certainly be at the center of the agenda this week , " Nicholas Burns , a former State Department official , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " U.S. prospects in Afghanistan depend partly "  on convincing Pakistan to be more cooperative in the fight against those terrorist groups . " "  The United States is not going to be an outright mediator between Pakistan and India , but we can quietly , behind the scenes , push them to reduce their problems , " Burns said . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say Announcement on troop increase to come after Thanksgiving Obama met with national security team Monday night to discuss Afghanistan Obama wanted clarification on how , when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility
CNN  -- The Organization of Islamic Cooperation suspended Syria Wednesday from membership . "  There is a strong concern over the massacres and the inhumane acts that are being committed against the Syrian people , " said Nizar bin Obaid Madani , Saudi Arabia 's state minister for foreign affairs . "  Therefore , the leaders agreed on the importance of preserving the unity of Syria , the immediate end of all acts of violence and the suspension of Syrian membership within OIC , " the minister said after a two-day summit of OIC heads of state . Syria violence fuels kidnapping threats in Lebanon Iran and Algeria were the sole opponents in the 57-nation body , which represents 1.5 billion Muslims . The organization 's move sends a message to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that its members will not accept the regime killing its people , OIC Secretary-General Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu told CNN . He also called on the U.N. Security Council to approve tougher resolutions against the regime . Asked if OIC members supported military intervention , Ihsanoglu said he heard few such calls . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland commended the move . "  Today 's action underscores the Assad regime 's increasing international isolation and the widespread support for the Syrian people and their struggle for a democratic state that represents their aspirations and respects their human rights , " she said in a statement . The development came as would-be rescuers searched for survivors amid the rubble left after Syrian government forces shelled a town in Aleppo province near the border with Turkey , killing 40 people , a spokesman for the rebel Syrian National Council told CNN . "  We have no special equipment to search or lift the wreckage , " said the spokesman , Abu Omar , by Skype from the province . "  People are doing it using their bare hands and rudimentary tools . " Another 40 people in the town of Azzaz were missing after the shelling , which targeted a popular food market , Omar said . Among the dead were four Lebanese hostages who had been taken by an armed group called "  the revolutionaries of Aleppo " that is not affiliated with the Free Syrian Army , he said . He described the victims as civilians , including women and children , and said the town was without electricity . The attack came after government had warned members of the al-Tawheed Brigade , the main rebel group fighting in the city of Aleppo , to pull its fighters out of the city or face shelling from warplanes , Omar said . Inside Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , the rebels "  continued clashes today with the regime forces in Salaheddine district " and Bab el-Nasr neighborhood , killing a rebel commander , he added . Opinion : To save Syria , work on Russia , Iran Meanwhile , a United Nations commission concluded Wednesday that both Syrian regime forces and anti-government rebels have committed war crimes in the Syrian conflict . The U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry said government forces and their Shabiha militia allies committed crimes against humanity such as "  murder and torture , war crimes and gross violations of international human rights and humanitarian law , including unlawful killing , indiscriminate attacks against civilian populations and acts of sexual violence . " For Syria 's neighbors , impact is growing with each refugee In the town of Houla on May 25 , the commission said , al-Assad 's forces and militia allies were responsible for killing more than 100 civilians , nearly half of them children . The anti-government armed groups that have emerged over the past year also have committed war crimes , including "  murder , extrajudicial killings and torture , " the report says . But the commission says these actions "  were not of the same gravity , frequency and scale as the ones perpetrated by government forces and the militia . " Since February 15 , the report says , "  the situation in the country has deteriorated significantly with armed violence spreading to new areas and active hostilities raging between rebels and the government and the militias . " The violence continued Wednesday , with at least 205 people killed , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Ninety of them were in Aleppo province , and most of them were in Azzaz , a town near the Turkish border that was shelled by regime warplanes . Opposition activists have put the death toll in the 17-month crisis at more than 20,000 . U.S. lifts sanctions on former Syrian prime minister CNN 's Arwa Damon in Beirut , Amir Ahmed and Holly Yan in Atlanta , Ben Wedeman in Aleppo , Nic Robertson in Jeddah contributed to this report .	Organization of Islamic Cooperation suspends Syria At least 40 are dead after warplanes shell a Syrian-Turkish border town Fighting is raging near the Iranian Embassy in Damascus Violations by rebel groups are less severe than those by the regime , a U.N. report says
CNN  -- Two passenger rail cars jumped the tracks Wednesday near Ann Arbor , Michigan , but no life-threatening injuries were reported in the accident , officials said . The Amtrak train "  made contact " with a vehicle at a public highway crossing , Amtrak said , causing the engine to turn on its side and the first two cars of the train to derail . The train involved in the incident was Amtrak Wolverine Service Train 351 . There were 71 passengers and five crew members on board , Amtrak said . The train , made up of two locomotives and six rail cars , was heading westbound from Pontiac , Michigan , to Chicago . Amtrak suspended service in central Michigan for several hours and said it will offer refunds or re-bookings without fees for those affected .	An Amtrak train and a vehicle "  made contact " at a highway crossing Two rail cars came off the tracks No life-threatening injuries were reported , officials say
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- Scrupulously silent in public but colorfully candid in person , the former head of Canada 's spy agency did n't hold back in a meeting with a senior U.S. State Department official in July 2008 . It was a meeting that he had assumed would stay private and the content classified . According to the cable marked "  secret , " but now part of the WikiLeaks document dump , Jim Judd admits his spy agency , the Canadian Security Intelligence Service , or CSIS , was "  increasingly distracted from its mission by legal challenges that could endanger foreign intelligence-sharing with Canadian agencies . " According to the cable , he complains about Canadians having an "  Alice in Wonderland ' world view and goes on to describe Canadian courts "  whose judges have tied CSIS ` in knots , ' making it ever more difficult to detect and prevent terror attacks in Canada and abroad . " "  The situation , he commented , left government security agencies on the defensive and losing public support for their effort to protect Canada and its allies , " the U.S. cable says . A Canadian court had earlier that year agreed to release a videotaped interrogation of Guantanamo detainee Omar Khadr , who recently pleaded guilty to murder in a special military hearing at Guantanamo . Of the video release , the cable states that Judd told the State Department that "  a videotaped recording of a tearful Omar Khadr at the military prison at Guantanamo Bay would trigger "  knee-jerk anti-Americanism " and "  paroxysms of moral outrage , a Canadian specialty . " Judd is now retired . The formerly secret WikiLeaks cable has sent Canada into damage control . Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon said at a press conference Monday that "  these leaked documents that pertain to Canada are in my view ... not something that will harm our relations . I do find it deplorable , though , that documents are leaked in this fashion " U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton contacted Cannon over the weekend to brief him on the Canadian disclosures in the WikiLeaks documents . WikiLeaks says it has more than 2,000 documents that pertain to Canada , most of which have not yet been released . Intriguingly , this cable from July 2008 refers to Canada 's spy agency agreeing to open a channel to Iran 's Intelligence service , but added that it was something Judd has not yet "  figured out . " Also in the cable is a reference to Judd saying his spy agency "  responded to recent , non-specific intelligence on possible terror operations by ` vigorously harassing ' known Hezbollah members in Canada . "	Jim Judd : Canadians have an "  Alice in Wonderland ' world view Judges tied the Canadian intelligence service in knots , he says Canada 's foreign affairs minister calls the document leak "  deplorable "
CNN  -- It was supposed to be something of a homecoming for Eugenie Bouchard , but the 20-year-old 's return to Montreal for the WTA Rogers Cup only ended in disappointment . The Canadian has so far enjoyed a season to remember , making the last four at both the Australian and French Opens , before reaching a maiden grand slam final at Wimbledon in July , losing out to Petra Kvitova . Yet the world No. 8 was unable to replicate that success in front of an expectant home crowd Tuesday in a second-round clash against American qualifier Shelby Rogers . Playing for the first time since her defeat at the All England Lawn Tennis Club , Bouchard found herself on the losing end once again , going down 6-0 2-6 6-0 . Rogers -- a runner-up at the WTA event in Bad Gastein , Austria last month -- surprised her opponent , and the crowd , by storming towards the first set , producing seven winners along the way . And the 21-year-old then showed her nerve to take the third in style after Bouchard had earlier threatened to rein her back in by securing the second . "  This was my first experience in an atmosphere like this -- the whole stadium cheering for one person , " Rogers , the world No. 113 , is quoted as saying by the WTA 's official website . "  I really respect what -LSB- Bouchard 's -RSB- done . It 's incredible to see how much support she has . " Bouchard , meanwhile , was disappointed to lose a match in her hometown , but took some satisfaction from the way she performed in the second set . "  I think I was feeling the pressure a little bit on the court -- I felt a little match rusty , kind of , " she is quoted as saying by the WTA 's official website . "  But I knew coming into the match that I ca n't use those as excuses . "  I knew it would be kind of a difficult situation . But I 'm happy I was able to at least prove to myself that I could turn things around and not let the match run away from me completely . That 's definitely a positive from the match . " The Canadian added on her opponent : "  She was solid the whole match -- she never really sprayed too many balls , and she was always there . Whenever I let up a little bit , which I think I did in the third , she was all over it . " Elsewhere , in the men 's edition of the Rogers Cup -- taking place in Toronto -- Roger Federer needed just 52 minutes to advance to the third round of the competition Tuesday . The second seed , playing in his first match since his final defeat to Novak Djokovic at Wimbledon last month , eased past Canada 's Peter Polansky 6-2 6-0 .	Eugenie Bouchard knocked out of WTA Rogers Cup by Shelby Rogers Bouchard goes down 6-0 2-6 6-0 in front of home crowd at Montreal The Canadian was playing her first match since her Wimbledon final defeat
CNN  -- Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi will stand trial Monday for an incident in which an American allegedly swam across a lake and stayed for two days in her closely guarded residence , where she is under house arrest . Officials in Myanmar say this self-portrait was found on John Yettaw 's digital camera . The southeast Asian country 's military junta rarely allows visitors to see Suu Kyi , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households . The government said the presence of the American , John William Yettaw , in the lakeside home violated the conditions of Suu Kyi 's house arrest . Yettaw , was charged Thursday on two criminal counts -- entering the country illegally and staying at a resident 's home without government permission , according to a spokesman for Suu Kyi 's political party . Both charges carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison . Suu Kyi on Thursday was taken to a prison compound near Yangon , where authorities set up a special room for her until the trial , said Nyan Win , spokesman for her National League for Democracy party . The government detained her at the Insean Prison compound under Section 22 of the country 's legal code , a law against subversion of government , Nyan Win said . If convicted , Suu Kyi could face three to five years in prison . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for the immediate release of Suu Kyi on Thursday . "  I am deeply troubled by the Burmese government 's decision to charge Aung San Suu Kyi for a baseless crime , " Clinton said at the State Department in Washington , referring to Myanmar by its former name of Burma . Watch former U.S. president Jimmy Carter talk about Aung San Suu Kyi " "  We oppose the regime 's efforts to use this incident as a pretext to place further unjustified restrictions on her . We call on the Burmese authorities to release her immediately and unconditionally , along with her doctor and the more than 2,100 political prisoners currently being held . " The junta changed the nation 's name , and changed the capitol 's name from Rangoon to Yangon , when it seized control of the country . Political dissidents and nations including the United States have refused to acknowledge those changes and still use the old names . Clinton was speaking at a question-and-answer session with the visiting foreign minister of Malaysia , and Clinton said she was raising the issue of Suu Kyi 's arrest with Malaysia and the other members of the Association of Southeast Asian Countries . She said the United States also will raise the issue with countries like China . The timing of her detention raised suspicion among Suu Kyi 's supporters , who said the government 's action Thursday is an excuse to extend her house arrest , set to expire this month . "  This is the cunning plan of the regime to put Daw Aung San Suu Kyi in continuous detention beyond the six years allowed by the law they used to justify the detention of her , " said the U.S. Campaign for Burma , a pro-democracy group fighting for her release . "  Daw " is an honorific . Rights group Amnesty International said the junta was reacting to a decision last year by the United Nations ' Working Group on Arbitrary Detention that ruled her house arrest illegal both domestically and internationally . Suu Kyi 's lawyer , U Kyi Win , blamed the Nobel Peace Prize laureate 's prison detention on Yettaw . Some initial reports out of Myanmar spelled his name differently : Yeattaw . Local media said the 53-year-old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , swam almost 2 miles across Inya Lake on May 3 and sneaked into Suu Kyi 's home . Police maintain a round-the-clock presence outside the house , and swimming in the lake is forbidden . A neighbor of Yettaw 's in Falcon , Mike Assell , described him as someone who was friendly but did not actively participate in community activities . Watch Yettaw 's neighbor describe him " "  I think he was n't really afraid to talk to folks , but he really was not outgoing and went out of his way to stop and talk too much , " Assell said . "  He has his own -- I do n't know if agenda 's the right word -- he has his priorities and he is working toward those . " Public records yielded little about Yettaw , a father of seven . At one point , he owned a construction company . And he lost a 17-year-old son to a motorcycle wreck in Lebanon , Missouri , in 2007 . Yettaw appeared in court Thursday along with Suu Kyi and two of her assistants , party spokesman Nyan Win said . A U.S. Embassy official met with Yettaw on Wednesday for three minutes , the first since his arrest . He appeared to be doing well , the embassy said . On Thursday , Myanmar officials were expected to charge Yettaw with immigration violations . But the charges had not been announced . Yettaw entered Suu Kyi 's house once before , in 2008 , the U.S. Campaign for Burma said . She refused to meet with him , and this time , she spoke to him only long enough to tell him to leave , it said . Reports from news outlets affiliated with the military junta said Yettaw confessed to the 2008 visit and said he had stayed for a longer period then . This time , the reports said , Yettaw met Suu Kyi 's two housekeepers , a mother and daughter who are her only permitted companions . Yettaw , a diabetic , apparently told the women he was tired and hungry after his swim . They offered him food , the newspapers said . The housekeepers also were charged under Section 22 on Thursday . Yettaw was arrested while swimming away from the house . Authorities said he told officials he was visiting Yangon on a tourist visa and was staying at a hotel when he swam across the lake with a 5-liter water bottle , presumably to use as a float . Authorities found a U.S. passport , a backpack , a flashlight , a pair of folding pliers , a camera and money on him , local reports said . The Myanmar-language Web site tharkinwe.com published two photos that officials said they found on Yettaw 's digital camera . One showed a middle-aged man posing in front of a mirror for a self-portrait . The other was a picture of a pair of feet with flippers on them . Assell , the neighbor , said the man in the picture was Yettaw . Suu Kyi 's party said Yettaw 's appearance at the house confirms security concerns the leader has voiced to the government . "  This is a political issue , not a criminal issue , " said Nyan Win , the spokesman . "  She has done nothing wrong . " Suu Kyi , 63 , rose to global prominence during protests in the country in 1988 . She was first detained in 1989 and has been under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years . In 1990 , her party won the general elections , which the ruling military junta did not recognize . The following year , she won the Nobel Peace Prize . Myanmar 's government has scheduled elections for next year that it says will lead the nation toward democracy . Human-rights organizations have said the vote will merely extend military rule in the nation . CNN 's Katherine Wojtechi , Kocha Olarn , Saeed Ahmed and Geraldine McBride contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. secretary of state calls for Aung San Suu Kyi 's release Suu Kyi 's lawyer blames charges on American who allegedly stayed in her house She is said to have let John Yettaw stay , in violation of her house-arrest terms Supporters say action is an excuse to extend restrictions on her movement
CNN  -- The multi-state Powerball jackpot has risen to $ 600 million , with a cash value of $ 376.9 million , according to the Multi-State Lottery Association . The jackpot marks the second-largest lottery jackpot in U.S. history , after no one matched the winning numbers in Wednesday night 's draw . Wednesday 's jackpot in the multistate lottery was $ 360 million . The numbers were 2 , 11 , 26 , 34 and 41 with a Powerball of 32 . Saturday 's jackpot will be the largest in the history of the Powerball game , surpassing a $ 587.6 million jackpot that was split by winners in Arizona and Missouri in November . The largest lottery jackpot in U.S. history was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split by three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . That mark will be dwarfed if no one wins the Powerball jackpot Saturday . If that happens , the jackpot will be about $ 925 million for Wednesday 's drawing , according to Kelly Cripe , spokeswoman for the Texas Lottery , which is part of the multi-state lotteries . The Powerball game is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 , and the odds of winning the jackpot are 1 in 175,223,510 . And if that 's a little too pricey for you , a Mega Millions ticket will cost you only $ 1 . The jackpot for Friday 's Mega Millions drawing will be at least $ 190 million , and the odds are almost the same , 1 in 175,711,536 . Mega Millions is played in 42 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . Jackpots in both games are based on payouts as annuities over 30 years . Players can choose a cash payout that will be less . Why you keep playing the lottery But before you start dreaming of that mansion in Barbados , allow us to pour an icy bucket of mathematical reality over your head : You almost certainly are n't going to win . You stand a better chance of walking onto the golf course and hitting two consecutive holes in one than winning that jackpot . Here are a few unlikely scenarios that , we 're sorry to say , are much more likely than you taking home this jackpot . From the Harvard School of Public Health : -- Dying from a bee sting : 1 in 6.1 million . -- Dying from a lightning strike : 1 in 3 million . From U.S. Hole in One , which insures golf prizes for holes in one : -- A golfer hitting a hole in one on consecutive par-3 holes : 1 in about 156 million . From a 2011 State Farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer : -- Hitting a deer with a vehicle in Hawaii , the state where State Farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely : 1 in 6,267 . From the National Weather Service : -- Being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime : 1 in 10,000 . From the Florida Museum of Natural History , based on U.S. beach injury statistics : -- Drowning and other beach-related fatalities : 1 in 2 million . -- Being attacked by a shark : 1 in 11.5 million . That being said , some folks do snatch a jackpot from the jaws of improbability , one of them being Geneva , Illinois , resident Ricardo Cereza . Cereza recently yanked some old lottery tickets out of a cookie jar at his house . One of them turned out to be an Illinois Lottery ticket worth $ 4.8 million , CNN affiliate WGN reported . "  When I realized we had all six numbers , it was that shocking moment of , ` whoa , can this really be ? ' " Cereza told the station . "  So I called my son over and asked him to double-check this , and he looks it through and goes , ` Yep , looks like a winner , ' " Cereza said . The family will use the winnings to pay off the mortgage on their home , which was facing foreclosure , according to WGN . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	Powerball jackpot rises to $ 600 million , with cash value of $ 377 million No one matched winning numbers in Wednesday night 's Powerball drawing Largest jackpot in U.S. history was $ 656 million in Mega Millions game in 2012
Washington  CNN  -- He , or perhaps she , is described as "  hairless , " "  pink , " "  wiggly , " "  the size of a stick of butter " and "  very vocal . " In other words , beautiful ! For a panda . The National Zoo 's joyous announcement Monday of the birth of a still-nameless panda is giving Washington something to celebrate . Here , in the city that is just coming off a blazing hot summer and entering the quadrennial exercise in self-immolation we call a presidential election , the birth of a panda is giving the city something else to talk about . Panda birth in Washington : ` We are thrilled ' The 4-ounce baby , the second offspring of Mei Xiang  pronounced may-SHONG  , is believed to be the first birth in this city that was n't used by politicians as a grim reminder of the future cost of college tuition , or by government actuaries to recalculate the pending bankruptcy of the Social Security trust fund . It is the perfect birth for our imperfect times . A zookeeper was the first to recognize the momentous occasion was at hand . Pandas are notoriously difficult to impregnate , because of a very short fertility period . And scientists often must wait until a baby is born before they can confirm efforts at artificial insemination are successful . The zookeeper , listening to a monitor , "  heard the vocalizations of the cub , " Brandie Smith , a senior curator at the zoo told reporters Monday . "  And she immediately called  another of the zoo 's panda keepers  to confirm ... And they called me as well . And the three of us kind of sat in front of our computer screens in our individual houses about 11 o'clock last night going , ` Did you hear that ? ' ` Did you hear that ?! ' ` Did you hear that !? ' "  And once we confirmed that , yes indeed , it really was a cub , once our kind of disbelief and our incredible job and elation , we overcame that , and we started calling everyone and bringing them in . " Another curator checked the videotape to see if it had recorded the moment of birth . "  We did n't see the cub come out , but we saw her reaction and it was that kind of  the  ` Aaaaah ! ' reaction that she had when she had  her first baby in 2005  , " Smith said . "  And fortunately she was a great mother this time and she turned around immediately , picked at that cub , cradled it and took care of it right away . " Zoo officials have pronounced Mei Xiang a fit , loving and caring mother . "  She 's such a fantastic mother , " said panda keeper Nicole MacCorkle . "  She did a wonderful job with  her other cub  and we 're confident she 'll do a great job again this time . It 's great to see her with a cub tucked under her chin like she did so many years ago and it 's great , for the zoo , it 's great for all of us that have been around with her for so long . " For now , the baby is nameless . The zoo says it will follow the Chinese tradition of naming the panda 100 days after it is born . Zoo officials predict attendance will increase by a half-million people this year because of the panda . For Washington , and for a nation desperate for unity , it is the perfect election-year gift . Pandas are tri-racial  being both black and white and Asian in origin  , non-denominational , and non-partisan , evoking neither the size of Republican elephants nor the temperament of Democratic donkeys . As an added bonus , scientists at the zoo still have not determined the sex of the baby , making discussion of gender equality pointless . It is , in short , the perfect baby for our times . There is , of course , that whole U.S.-China thing . But for now , that will have to wait . People here are just happy waiting for their chance to see a hairless , pink , butter-stick baby . And hope that uptick in stuffed panda bears bring us out of our national doldrums .	Mike Ahlers : The birth of a baby panda is more than just a unique addition to the National Zoo He says amid partisan politics and economic woes , a baby panda adds a new perspective Ahlers : It is the perfect birth for our imperfect times
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Reggae legend Lucky Dube was remembered Wednesday as a music icon whose death last week in a carjacking robbed South Africa of one of its brightest stars . Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans . About a thousand people packed a memorial service for Dube held at Johannesburg 's Bassline Jazz Club . Another thousand watched the service on large screens outside . "  It 's a sad moment in my life , " said one fan outside the music venue . "  To many people , he inspired and uplifted their lives . " Dube , 43 , was killed during a carjacking last Thursday as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house . He was one of South Africa 's most famous musicians and had toured extensively around the world during a 25-year career . His sudden death shocked and saddened the country just as it was preparing to cheer on its rugby team at the World Cup final . Police said Tuesday that five men had been arrested in the case . "  Today we are here to mourn , but we are also here to celebrate an icon , " said Sipho "  Hotstix " Mabuse , a fellow South African musician who spoke during the service . He said Dube was "  someone who made us proud as South Africans through his music , his spirituality . " Mabuse was one of a string of speakers -- including Dube 's brother , Job Dube -- to pay their respects at the service . Written messages of condolence from musician Peter Gabriel and various African presidents were read aloud and Dube 's former bandmates played two reggae songs . A group from Dube 's church sat on the floor at the front of the club and occasionally sang and danced . South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world . Figures from the South African Police Service show that from April 2006 to March 2007 , more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked . If there was any anger in the crowd , it was n't apparent -- though one Rastafarian called for a return of the death penalty for the carjackers . Ivor Haarburger , the chief executive of Gallo Music Group , called Dube 's death "  senseless " and "  disturbing . " "  His great spirit has been taken from us . It is a loss felt by millions of people , " he said . E-mail to a friend	South African reggae legend Lucky Dube remembered at a memorial service Lucky Dube , one of country 's favorite musicians , killed by carjackers last week Five men arrested Tuesday over the 43-year-old 's murder
CNN  -- A 14-year-old boy who allegedly fired a gun at another fleeing male on a New York street early Sunday morning was shot and killed by a uniformed police officer , the New York City Police Department said . The teen , identified as Shaaliver Douse , was pronounced dead at the scene , the department said in a news release . An investigation of the incident is ongoing , according to the release . Around 3 a.m. Sunday , two uniformed officers heard gunshots and proceeded east down a Bronx street , where "  a male was running westbound in the middle of the street , pursued by another male armed with 9 mm handgun , " the release states . The area is designated an "  impact " neighborhood , which means it has high crime rates and is flooded with police officers to reduce that crime . "  Ordered to ` drop the gun ' by the uniformed officers who identified themselves as police , the male with the gun still in his hand did not comply , " according to the news release . "  One of the officers discharged one round from his service weapon , striking the armed male in the lower left jaw , " the release stated . A black 9 mm semiautomatic firearm was recovered at the scene . Florida deputies shoot man they mistook for car thief The two officers , ages 26 and 27 , were sent to a local hospital to be treated for tinnitus and trauma . They joined the NYPD in January , the release said . A man who lives in the neighborhood where the shooting occurred told CNN affiliate New York 1 that his son alerted him to the shooting early Sunday morning . Anthony Riverecio , who has lived in the Bronx for 68 years , told NY1 , "  You ca n't walk this avenue . ... It 's always constantly stabbing or shooting . They have been killing around here like crazy . " "  I respect them ... cops are doing a good job . There 's too many guns out here , " he said . Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly showed two surveillance videos of the incident at a news conference Sunday night . One of them shows Shaaliver holding a gun and chasing after another person , who has not been identified . Kelly said : "  It 's very troubling , and obviously there are way too many guns on the streets of our city . Regardless of the circumstances , this is a crushing blow to any parent . " He added that most of the guns police recover are from out of state . "  Most likely , this gun has been purchased from out of state or somehow was obtained from out of state , was stolen and brought to New York City . " The gun was manufactured in Spain , Kelly said Sunday . In May , Shaaliver was arrested and was facing charges of attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon , according to Bronx District Attorney 's Office spokesman Steven Reed . The prosecution was deferred , pending further investigation , Reed said . There was insufficient evidence to move forward , he added , explaining that a witness could not identify who shot him . 74 Cleveland police officers to face discipline after deadly pursuit CNN 's Allison Malloy contributed to this report .	Police says a 14-year-old boy was pursuing someone in the Bronx and fired his gun An officer fatally shot the teen when he did not drop his weapon , NYPD says The neighborhood where the shooting occurred is a designated high-crime area
CNN  -- Even the most jaded and cosmopolitan travel writers tend to rave when it comes to canal barging cruises in France . It 's no wonder , given the beautiful scenery , gourmet feasts and faultless service . A completely different beast from a river cruise , which can cover several rivers and countries in one sailing with more than 100 passengers , the canal barge cruise is slower , smaller and more expensive  $ 350 - $ 1,000 per day  . World 's most extravagant cruise ships Approximately eight to 12 guests and six English-speaking crew are the usual number of passengers on a French canal barge , which navigates through centuries-old waterways through the French countryside . Stops range from castles and cathedrals to villages and vineyards , where passengers can step off on guided tours . Although canal barge cruises are possible in a number of European countries , these are the reasons why France is by far the most popular destination . 1 . The wine The average varieties of wines offered on board a week-long French barge cruise ? More than two dozen -- all French and all selected after judicious testing and tastings by the staff . A variety of canal routes wind through vineyards where passengers can step off and try Sancerre from the Loire Valley , Reislings from the Alsace-Lorraine in the north-east and Bordeaux wines , as well as those from the warm climates of Languedoc-Rousillon and Provence . Some of Burgundy 's best vintages can be sampled at the Grand Cru vineyard of Chambertin-Clos de Bèze in the northern part of the Côte de Nuits in Burgundy , Clos de Vougeot , the headquarters of the esteemed Chevaliers du Tastevin and the Château-Hotel André Ziltener . World wine-buying guide 2 . Elaborate cuisine Several barge cruises offer the option to dine ashore , to eat in the restored Abbaye de la Bussiere in La Bussière-sur-Ouche , for example . What was once a pilgrimage retreat in 1131 is now a Relais & Chateaux hotel and Michelin-starred restaurant . Onboard the barge , thematic regional French fine dining is the standard . The chefs create their inspired from tiny galley quarters . One divine sample menu dreamed up by Selbey , the chef on the European Waterways ' L'Impressionniste barge : French onion soup , lamb with minted peas , and poached pear with mascarpone ice cream paired with a white Pernand Vergelles and red Meursault , Ecrevisse salad , Coq au Vin and fresh fruits paired with a white Ladoix and red Moulin -- a vent and escargot , tender scallops and mousse au chocolat paired with Rose Marsannay . A stop at the gastronomic markets in the culinary towns of Dijon and Beaune is also a must . Passengers can shadow barge chefs as they go scouring for rich foie gras , briney crevettes , baguettes with a crunch like no other and hundreds of fresh cheeses . 10 best wine destinations for 2013 3 . Quaint lock keepers Many old locks on the waterways are tended by lock keepers , and passing through them on the barge cruise becomes a fun experience in itself . When barges pull up , beefy men race out to turn the wheels , raising the rushing water level high enough to let the barge cruise through . At midday there may be a bit of a wait , as the cruise captains wo n't even consider disturbing a lock keeper 's lunch . 10 best French restaurants in Paris 4 . Interesting history Dating back to the 16th century , barging had a different meaning from the luxury travel experience that it 's become today . The French countryside 's elaborate canal system was developed as a means to transport coal and other goods that were difficult to move on land . History buffs will love the fact that their airy , luxurious barges were once working ships carrying cargo along the same winding waterways . 5 . Leisurely day excursions The canals in France are surrounded by historical towns and in addition to vineyard visits , day excursions include stopping by the old towns and meeting the locals . Guided tours of old architecture are some of the top highlights of a barge trip . Recommended : a visit to the Hospice de Beaune in the town of Beaune , which was built in 1443 and is one of the finest examples of French 15th-century architecture . But for those who prefer to just relax instead of embarking on busy historical excursions , it 's wonderful to just sit on the deck and watch the scenery pass by , too . European Waterways , +1 877 879 8808 ; rates start at $ 4,750 per person French Country Waterways , +1 800 222 1236 ; rates start at $ 5,095 per person	France is Europe 's most popular destination for canal barge cruises Barges are converted luxury floating hotels , usually only accommodate eight to 12 guests Food and wine offered on board are all regional
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea exerted a tactical stranglehold on hosts Atletico Madrid to earn a goalless draw in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal Tuesday . If the expectant capacity crowd in the Vicente Calderon were anticipating a night of free-flowing football then they would have quickly become disillusioned as Mourinho 's men restricted Atletico to few chances . Chelsea , who entertain the Spanish League leaders in the return leg in London next Wednesday , also had to cope with losing goalkeeper Petr Cech and captain John Terry to injury in each half , but Atletico were unable to take full advantage . After central defensive lynchpin Terry limped off , Atletico had their best spell with Gabi forcing a fine save from Cech 's veteran replacement Mark Schwarzer while Raul Garcia and substitute Arda Turan headed wide from Juanfran crosses . Chelsea 's Fernando Torres , returning to the club where he spent six successful years , cut a lone figure up front for the English Premier League side and aside from one fine run and shot had barely a sight of goal . Torres ' Atletico counterpart , Diego Costa , who has been linked with a big money move to Chelsea , was also largely frustrated aside from two late headers , the first blocked by Gary Cahill , the second , better chance , headed straight at the excellent Schwarzer . The 41-year-old Australian told ITV Sport after the draw that it had been a job well done . "  We knew if we could match their determination , that our quality could come through . We did n't create too many chances , but we did a good job tonight , " he said . "  It 's very tough for the second leg but we 've got to take each game as it comes . Before that , we 've got a massive game at Liverpool on Sunday . " Chelsea , who must win at league leaders Liverpool to revive fading English Premier League title hopes , will be hoping to reach a second Champions League final in three years with their home leg against Atletico still to come . But they will have to do without Cech , who dislocated his shoulder after falling awkwardly in tipping over an early corner , and Terry , who limped off in the 72nd minute . The bad news was confirmed by Mourinho . "  Petr Cech 's season over . Do n't ask me technically , but season over , " he said . "  And John  Terry  -- we have to play the final for him to play with us . " Chelsea will also be missing midfielders Frank Lampard and Jon Obi-Mikel for the second leg after picking up yellow cards , the same fate also befalling Atletico 's Gabi . Atletico , who were beaten finalists to Bayern Munich in the 1974 final of Europe 's premier club competition , will return to league action with a match against Valencia Sunday as they bid to hold off Real Madrid and Barcelona in La Liga . Their city rivals Real play reigning title holders Bayern Munich in the Spanish capital Wednesday in the second semifinal of the Champions League .	Atletico Madrid and Chelsea play to scoreless draw in Champions League Few chances in semifinal first leg tie in Vicente Calderon in Madrid Chelsea lose Petr Cech and John Terry to injuries Real Madrid host Bayern Munich in second semifinal Wednesday
CNN  -- "  Talladega Nights " actor Luke Bigham , 20 , has been arrested on charges of domestic violence harassment after a fight between him and his mother , Lorrie Crumley , on July 8 . According to Lt. Jeff Bridges of Trussville Police Department , Bigham "  pushed his mother into the stairs " in her Alabama home . When police arrived at the scene , Crumley , 42 , said she was in pain from the attack , but did not wish to get medical attention . This is not Bigham 's first brush with the law . In June , he was arrested on charges of reckless driving . Accused of driving at speeds of over 80 mph in a 35 mph zone , Bigham was in an accident , injuring himself and two others . In that case , Bigham turned himself in to Trussville City Jail , where he was later released on a $ 1,000 bond . Bigham is best known for his role as the 10-year-old version of Will Ferrell 's character , "  Ricky Bobby , " in the 2006 comedy "  Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby . " Bigham 's most recent work was on HBO comedy "  Eastbound & Down " in 2009 . Bigham 's court date is scheduled July 11 if he has not yet been released on a bond set at $ 1,000 for the misdemeanor . Justin Bieber pleads no contest in egging case ` Real Housewives of Atlanta ' husband gets prison for fraud	Former child actor Luke Bigham is arrested in Alabama Police say he pushed his mother into a staircase , but she declined medical attention Bigham is best known for playing a young Will Ferrell in the 2006 movie "  Talladega Nights "
CNN  -- James Corden now has a date for his first broadcast of "  The Late Late Show " : March 9 , 2015 . "  We 're excited to begin CBS ' next chapter after midnight and introduce James ' wide range of performance talents and fearless creative instincts to American television viewers , " CBS Entertainment Chairman Nina Tassler said in a statement . Corden , 36 , is taking over from Craig Ferguson , whose last show is scheduled for December 19 . At the moment , Corden is probably best known to American audiences for his Tony-winning performance in the Broadway comedy "  One Man , Two Guvnors . " But they 'll get more of a glimpse of the talented Brit when "  Into the Woods , " the movie version of the Stephen Sondheim musical , opens Christmas Day . Corden plays the Baker in the film , which also stars Johnny Depp , Meryl Streep , Emily Blunt and Anna Kendrick . "  The Late Late Show " is also getting a new producer . Ben Winston , who has been friends with Corden for almost two decades , will oversee the program . Winston is currently an executive producer of the UK version of "  The X Factor . " CBS has yet to announce a final episode for "  The Late Show with David Letterman , " though Letterman has said he 'll be stepping down sometime in 2015 . Stephen Colbert will take the reins from Letterman .	James Corden starts hosting "  Late Late Show " in March 2015 Corden is a Tony-winning actor He 's one of the stars of "  Into the Woods " Craig Ferguson 's last broadcast is December 19
CNN  -- Brad Paisley has never shied away from controversial topics in his music : Alcohol helps white people dance . Celebrities can act like fools because people think they 're cool . Real guys do n't get "  manicured , waxed and botoxed . " But he may have gone a step too far at the Country Music Awards Wednesday night and become one of his own song titles : an "  accidental racist . " Paisley let viewers know that they would n't be seeing the new ABC comedy "  Blackâ $ cents ish " that evening -- they 'd be watching "  white-ish . " Social media was undecided on whether his dig at country music 's predominantly white stars  and predominantly white fan base  was funny or racist . Paisley also "  blew it " by announcing the sex of Carrie Underwood 's baby on stage , though we 're pretty sure that one was planned . If he 's to be believed , Underwood and her husband , hockey player Mike Fisher , are having a boy . And they could potentially name him Garth , after Garth Brooks . Of course , there were some awards given out during the show as well . Luke Bryan was awarded entertainer of the year . The reigning power couple of country music , Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert , took home male vocalist and female vocalist of the year . In doing so , Lambert set a record for most consecutive wins in that category . Little Big Town also wowed viewers with a performance of their hit "  Day Drinking " and their light-up outfits -- but surprised no one when they won vocal group of the year . And "  Do n't Ya " singer Brett Eldredge took home new artist of the year . Next up for Eldredge will be joining Little Big Town 's Pain Killer tour . .	Brad Paisley offends some with "  black-ish " joke Carrie Underwood is having a baby boy , Paisley tells CMA audience CMA awards go to Luke Bryan , Blake Shelton , Miranda Lamber and Little Big Town Brett Eldredge takes home new artist of the year
CNN  -- An apartment left untouched since before the fall of the Berlin Wall has been discovered by a developer in the eastern German city of Leipzig , German media reports said Thursday . The fall of the Berlin Wall heralded the end of the communist regime in East Germany in 1989 . The discovery , made by architect Mark Aretz , revealed a small one-bedroom apartment evidently abandoned quickly by its occupants as the Communist East German state disintegrated in 1989 , Spiegel Online reported . A wall calendar showed August 1988 , and the kitchen cupboard and drawers contained plastic crockery and aluminium cutlery along with communist-era food brands such as "  Vita " Cola , "  Marella " margarine , "  Juwel " cigarettes and a bottle of "  Kristall " vodka . "  When we opened the door we felt like Howard Carter when he found the grave of Tutankhamen , " Aretz told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper . "  Everything was a mess but it was like a historic treasure trove , a portal into an age long gone . " According to Aretz -- a developer who renovates properties in eastern Germany -- the occupant appears to have been a 24-year-old man from Leipzig who had been in trouble with the authorities , judging by personal documents left behind . The most recent document was dated May , 1989 -- a police search warrant for a caravan . There was also a stamped and addressed postcard written by the occupant , but he had never sent it , Spiegel said .	Apartment found by developer in eastern German city of Leipzig Occupant left in a hurry as East German state crumbled in 1989 Communist-era food brands such as "  Vita " Cola , "  Marella " margarine found
CNN  -- The Internet is one of the most powerful tools on the planet . Across the globe , millions of people connect every minute of every day to harness its wealth of information , exchange ideas in an open platform and foster the type of innovation and entrepreneurship that spurs economic growth . And today , it 's never been more at risk in the United States . Earlier this year , a court decision unlocked the "  pandora 's box . " There are now no enforceable rules to ensure small businesses , nonprofits and individuals can continue to access online content without fear of discriminatory practices or content blocking by Internet service providers who own the information pipelines . Indeed , without new rules , service providers could create fast lanes , impose new fees , and even block certain content and promote other content to bolster their bottom line . This would destroy the open Internet as we know it . This is not idle speculation . Executives at cable and phone companies have expressed a desire to engage in such activities , and in fact , have already tried to do so . If we permit blocking , discrimination , and tolls , we will undermine the Internet 's low-cost level playing field that has transformed our society , created an economic boom , and provided opportunity to so many in the United States and around the world . In the last few decades , we have seen first-hand how the open Internet has led to a robust startup economy where Americans create content , solve problems and pioneer new technologies that improve the lives of people across the globe . Businesses like Twitter , YouTube , Tumblr , Google , Facebook and more have emerged because they were able to start on an even playing field , where consumers -- not Internet service providers -- determined their success . Degrading service or forcing businesses to pay-to-play would fundamentally undermine the openness and access on which the Internet has thrived . To allow the Internet to become a bastion of powerful incumbents and carriers would be a mistake of historic proportions . Instead , it must remain a place where all speakers , creators and innovators can harness its transformative power now and in the future . Fortunately , we do not need to create new laws or a complex regulatory structure to preserve the Internet as we know it . Instead , the Federal Communications Commission can pass rules that prevent toll booths , content blocking and discrimination by simply reclassifying broadband as a common carrier service under Title II of the Communications Act . All the FCC would be doing is applying the legal framework that Congress expected it to apply , and that both Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and President Barack Obama agree is the correct approach . In other words , the legal tools are there and ready to use . Some worry that this approach could be overly burdensome on Internet service providers , but the fact is , the FCC can easily apply only the necessary parts of Title II regulation through a process known as forbearance . This flexible approach would allow the FCC to adopt bright-line rules that provide certainty to the market , and would keep the Internet as a powerful , open platform that gives everyone -- not just the highest-bidder -- the opportunity to freely exchange goods and ideas . Any approach that stops short of reclassifying broadband under Title II will not allow the FCC to adopt the rules we need today to protect customers and businesses , and will result in high social and economic costs . All other approaches require case-by-case adjudication , leading to never-ending litigation  which , in itself , disproportionately harms small businesses and start-ups  , market uncertainty , high costs of regulation and opportunities for regulatory overreach . Title II has already worked well to strengthen telecommunications in the United States . Under Title II regulation , telephone service has been robust and accessible . Mobile phone service , also a Title II service , continues to thrive and investment has remained steady and more and more individuals turn to mobile as their primary voice service . While many do not realize it , Title II also applies to the broadband services offered to the nation 's large businesses , known as enterprise broadband , and to the many services offered to millions of our rural Americans . An open Internet is not only essential for the future of America 's economic growth , but it is also a ladder for social and economic mobility , allowing families in rural or low-income areas to access educational and social services , participate in our democracy and contribute to the marketplace of ideas . This is why we have been working with our colleagues in Congress to encourage the FCC to protect the open Internet under Title II . Adopting these sensible rules would give the FCC the power to intervene if broadband providers attempt to abuse the principles of the open Internet while also creating market and regulatory certainty . We are proud to join more than 4 million Americans of all political beliefs , as well as companies in our home states and across the country , who have spoken out in favor of strong open Internet rules and against the creation of fast and slow lanes . We urge the FCC to act quickly to implement fair rules of the road that protect businesses and consumers and preserve the power of the open Internet . The future of our democracy and economy depend on it .	Cory Booker , Angus King : Internet is the most powerful tool in the world , but it 's at risk Booker , King : If the FCC makes the wrong decision , it would kill net neutrality They say fast lanes would destroy the open Internet , increase discrimination and prices Booker , King : An open Internet promotes economic growth , social and economic mobility
MOSCOW , Russia  Reuters  -- A Moscow court began trying a supermarket worker who prosecutors say murdered 49 people over a 14-year period , which would make him Russia 's worst serial killer in a decade . Pichushkin is accused of luring victims to his flat before smashing them to death with a hammer . His lawyer said 33-year-old Alexander Pichushkin had confessed to most of the murders , but it was unclear how many . The jury must decide whether or not he is of sound mind . "  My client understands that he is to blame for most of these murders , " Pichushkin 's lawyer , Pavel Ivannikov , told reporters outside the courtroom after a fifteen-minute hearing . Pichushkin scowled as he was brought into Moscow City Court under heavy guard for a preliminary hearing at which he opted to be tried by a jury , instead of a panel of judges . If convicted , Pichushkin -- called the "  Bitsevsky Maniac " by Russian media after the Moscow park where many of the alleged victims were killed -- would be Russia 's most deadly serial killer since Andrei Chikatilo , convicted in 1992 of 52 murders . Prosecutors say Pichushkin befriended many of his victims in Bitsevsky park by inviting them to drink vodka with him , then bludgeoned them to death with a hammer . Some of the victims had fragments of glass pressed into their skulls . Prosecutors also say Pichushkin confessed to the murders in police custody . Russian media reported that for every person he killed , he placed a coin on a chess board and that he had been planning to cover all 64 squares on the board . The trial was adjourned until September 13 to allow time for a jury to be selected . It is expected to be lengthy , as it will hear from at least 41 relatives of the alleged victims and a total of 98 other witnesses . During the hearing , relatives of two of the alleged victims sat just meters from Pichushkin . The accused occasionally stretched his arms and stared out from the glass enclosure where he was held , without displaying any emotion . In a red and white checked shirt and jeans , he looked older than his age , with gray peppering his dark hair . Speaking quietly before the hearing , one middle aged man , Alexander Fyodorov , recalled his family 's efforts to track down his missing brother , who would be 47 this year . "  I want Pichushkin to sit in prison for the rest of his life , " he said . Although Russia has not formally abolished the death penalty , it has been observing a moratorium on capital punishment . Another elderly woman who was also in the court , Tamara Klimova , came home from holiday to discover her husband was missing . The body was not found for five years . Prosecutors now believe he was killed by Pichushkin . "  I would like him to be handed over to the people so that they can tear him apart , " Klimova told reporters . E-mail to a friend	Alexander Pichushkin confesses to most of the murders , unclear how many Jury must decide whether 33-year-old supermarket worker is of sound mind Killer lured victims by inviting them to drink vodka , then hammering them to death If convicted Pichushkin would be Russia 's most deadly serial killer since 1992
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban are waiting the weather out and will take on the military when winter arrives in Pakistan 's tribal region , said Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud in a phone call with CNN . "  We will wait till January for our offensive since we are stronger during the snowing season , " Mehsud said . He told CNN he remains confident despite the large-scale military operation currently targeting him and his fighters in the province of South Waziristan . "  We have conserved our energy and have not lost our morale , " he said . The leadership of his organization is safe , he said , but he did n't say where they are taking refuge . He neither denied nor confirmed that the Pakistani Taliban was responsible for Monday 's suicide blast outside the district courthouse in Peshawar . "  Being occupied in other matters , I have not been able to contact my colleagues there , so I will not be able to take responsibility at this time , " Mehsud said . Eleven people died and 36 were wounded in the Monday terror attack , according to a count by the hospital where victims were taken . Two of the dead were police officers . Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province , where the Pakistani government has also waged its recent military offense against Taliban militants .	Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud : Leadership of organization is safe Group plans January offensive "  since we are stronger during the snowing season , " he says He neither denied nor confirmed responsibility for Monday 's blast in Peshawar that killed 11
CNN  -- Move over , baseball , we have a new American pastime : analyzing the pregnant and postpartum bodies of women . To entertain the "  post-baby body " headline hungry masses , we 've standardized the sport of maternal shape evaluation into a fun competition called The Pregnancy Hunger Games ! This ongoing pageant will encourage expecting and new mothers to not compromise when it comes to their sexiness . Good news , baby carriers : The biological process of making people does not have to lower your general hotness . The rules for Pregnancy Hunger Games are simple : 1 . You do not have permission to show for the first three months . Let 's throw out the phrase "  Eating for two " and replace it with the more accurate , "  Benefiting from lean proteins , for two . " 2 . Do not gain weight in your face . 3 . Do not gain weight in your arms . 4 . After the first three months , you are permitted to rock a small honeydew melon-sized bump . How cute are you ? This is not a rhetorical question or compliment . How cute you are is something you need to think about before leaving the house . Fitted empire dresses will help people realize that you 're pregnant , not spiraling . 5 . After the first six months you may upgrade to a medium sized , conservative , aesthetically respectful , perfectly round watermelon tummy . Wow , you 're getting big ... 6 . At seven months , please go into hiding , as you are making everyone uncomfortable . 7 . After baby is born you must post an Instagram selfie featuring a makeup-free  ie . foundation , matte powder , earth-toned eyeliner and tinted lip gloss with a touch of blush  you and your new baby . A little cleavage never hurt anyone . Those newly banzoongaed mammaries are n't just for the baby -- they can easily take you from an 8.5 to a 9.25 . 8 . Emerge five weeks later with no signs of having given birth in single-digit-sized skinny jeans . 9 . Burn your maternity clothes in the kitchen sink with an accelerant like nail polish remover to remove the temptation to backslide . The leader of the Pregnancy Hunger Games pack is currently Kate Middleton . The photos of her "  oopsie my shirt " moment while playing volleyball shot her up to first place . We like Duchess Kate for being stylish , friendly , and down-to-earth but we love her for looking fabulous despite being a mother . In second place we have Maria Kang , the 32-year-old mom and fitness personality whose Facebook post recently sent the Internet into a frenzy . "  What 's your excuse ? " she bravely asks mothers to consider . She 's right . Think about it : Beyonce was back onstage wearing a sequined onesie just a few months after birthing Blue Ivy . Nobody was ready for that jelly , but we sure gobbled it up ! More advice : stop eating jelly . Sugar . Model , mom , and reality show participant Kim Kardashian is raring for third place with her recent Instagram booty pictorial , but you regular moms have a chance at unseating her with your own smoldering bods if you 're willing to put in the effort . Contestants : Once your baby has arrived , please take the necessary steps to preserve your sexiness to be considered for a trophy . Was your labor complicated ? The good news is that C-sections heal ! Ask your doctor whether or not the blade cut through your abdominal muscles . Relay this information to your trainer so that they can put together an accurate , gentle but also aggressive exercise plan . If you had a vaginal delivery , we expect more from you . Even if you experienced tearing , those down-there tissues should have healed within a few weeks . If they 're taking longer , focus on your arms ! Lift 5-pound weights to get ready for the evening-wear portion of the pageant . Being a good mother and loving partner is interesting , but we 'll be evaluating how your shirt falls across your midsection , so avoid carbohydrates during your "  babymoon . " Hungry ? Whether you 're standing in front of the fridge or about to order in a restaurant ask yourself : WWGD  What Would Gwyneth Do ?  . Make the right choice . The right choice is lettuce and vinegar in case you 're still confused . Breastfeeding is a fantastic way to nourish your young and passively burn calories . If you 're having trouble , hire a lactation consultant . She can help you find the ideal latch to optimize the rate at which your baby sucks the fat out . Late-night feedings are also a wonderful time to bond with your baby and do some squats in the moonlight . Each time you get out of bed , engage your core . Now , juggling your little blessing along with a new diet and workout routine will be hard . It 's OK if you feel like you 're failing as long as those feelings do n't affect your 24-karat smile , oh yeah CREST WHITESTRIPS , EVERYONE . Contestants , please report to your local weigh-in and submit your most recent notarized FULL-BODY * Facebook profile photo . During the elimination round we 'll take your Body Mass Index to keep the judging scientific . Childcare will be provided . Good luck ! * Nice try Bunmi Laditan is the author of "  The Honest Toddler : A Child 's Guide to Parenting . " Follow her on Twitter at @BunmiLaditan and follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bunmi Laditan .	Humor writer Bunmi Laditan : Expectations of new moms to bounce back are farcical Kate Middleton and Kim Kardashian have displayed svelte physiques soon after pregnancy Laditan : In a ` Hunger Games ' - style competition , new moms would need to get fit quickly
CNN  -- You may not know Trevor Jones by name but chances are you are familiar with his work . The South African composer is the man behind movie soundtracks such as ` Last of the Mohicans ' and ` In the Name of the Father . ' In a career spanning more than 30 years , he has composed more than 100 original scores for Hollywood blockbusters and popular TV programs . But Jones ultimate career success and critical acclaim masks a journey to the top was far from run of the mill . As a mixed-race child growing up in Apartheid South Africa , he spent the formative years of his life in Cape Town 's infamous District 6 neighborhood . "  It was a very violent area , " says Jones of his early home . "  It was a place  with  so many nationalities and so many people from so many parts of the world . See also : American opera singer finds African soul Times were tough but such a racially disparate backdrop ensured the young Jones was exposed to a rich symphony of culture and musical influences . He has kept these sounds and inspirations with him as professional career has developed . "  My tastes cover every style from medieval through classical , avant-garde , folk and ethnic , jazz , rock and pop , " he says . Below , Jones has selected a small sample of the musicians and artists that have inspired him on his way to becoming one of Hollywood 's leading composers . Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika First composed by a school teacher in Johannesburg over 100 years ago , Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika is one of the two songs  along with Die Stem van Suid-Afrika  that make up South Africa 's hybrid national anthem . The original hymn became synonymous with African liberation and was itself adopted as the national song of Zambia , Tanzania , Namibia and Zimbabwe . Namibia and Zimbabwe however have since adopted alternative musical pieces for their national anthems . "  I can not help but feel the hairs rise on the back of my neck whenever I join in the singing of Nkosi Sikelel ` iAfrika , says Jones . Being a South African , "  this music has obvious deep significance for me . " Sir Edward Elgar In a musical career that spanned the best part of the Victorian , Edwardian and Georgian eras , Sir Edward Elgar created some of the most enduring music of his time . The English composer was one of the first to experiment with the gramophone and is credited with inspiring a renaissance in British classical music . See also : The man who brought MTV to Africa His extensive body of work continues to capture the imagination and admiration of Jones . "  I listen to the works of Sir Edward Elgar on a regular basis to inspire me and to marvel at his mastery and skill as a composer which transcends the creation of sounds and becomes a direct emotional line to his audience . " " ` Elegy ' ,  ` Sospiri '  and ` Introduction and Allegro ' are just three of the wonderfully inspirational works on the album ' A portrait of Elgar , ' " says Jones . Hugh Masekela "  The man and his music is an inspiration to us all , " says Jones of South African jazz multi-instrumentalist and singer , Hugh Masekela . Equally comfortable on the trumpet , cornet , flugelhorn and trombone , Masekela has sold millions of records around the world and collaborated with rock luminaries such as The Byrds and Paul Simon . He also penned the 1987 hit single "  Bring Him Back Home , " which became a rallying cry for the free Nelson Mandela movement , then still imprisoned on Robben Island . "  Any of his albums from ` Hope ' and ` Home is where the Music is ' to ` African Breeze ' is testament to one of Africa 's greatest musicians and role models , " says Jones . Ariel Ramirez A native music of an altogether different kind is that of Ariel Ramirez . The Argentine composer , music director and pianist is generally regarded as one of the chief exponents of his country 's folk genre . Jones highlights Ramirez 's Misa Criolla as an extended piece of music that strikes a particular chord as well as other works such as Navidad Nuestra . See also : Somalian rapper Knaan makes songs in key of love Both are featured on Miss Criolla - Navidad Nuestra - Navidad Verano , a year 2000 record cited by Jones that saw Ramirez perform alongside Spanish tenor Jose Carreras and the Grupo Huracana ensemble . Bernard Herrmann A man Jones would have been more than content to call a contemporary , Bernard Herrmann is the composer behind the music of many of twentieth-century 's most iconic movies . He died in 1975 but worked closely with legendary directors such as Alfred Hitchcock , Orson Welles and Martin Scorcese . Scores for the likes of Citizen Kane , Psycho and Taxi Driver are just a few works from his vast oeuvre . "  Herrmann 's work is always superbly crafted imbuing the films with an intensely atmospheric musical structure without ever mickey-mousing the action . " "  The sheer craftsmanship of the writing and the quality of the musical ideas elevate beyond measure the films that were fortunate enough to be scored by him . " How does the soundtrack of your life compare to the great Trevor Jones ? Let us know in the comments section below .	Trevor Jones is a South African composer renowned for his movie scores In a 30-year career he has been involved in over 100 film or television soundtracks Some of his most popular scores include "  Last of the Mohicans " and "  In the Name of the Father "
Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it 's boosted his fan base . Hosseini explains with a laugh that his 12-year-old son posted a gushing review of his latest book , "  And the Mountains Echoed , " on Goodreads . His son is at an age when many children experience what Hosseini calls an awakening into adulthood : They start to realize their parents are flawed . While there is no inkling of that sentiment in his son 's review , Hosseini remembers that moment in his own life . Coming of age is a common theme in his books . "  And the Mountains Echoed " tells the story of two loving siblings ripped apart by their family 's hardship . That rupture affects generations in a story that stretches across continents , and through decades . Afghanistan provides the inspiration and backdrop for "  And the Mountains Echoed " as well as Hosseini 's previous novels , "  The Kite Runner " and "  A Thousand Splendid Suns . " His books have sold more than 38 million copies around the world . The author credits his children with making him a powerful writer . Hosseini says when he became a parent , he could empathize with the agonizing decisions his characters face in his novels . "  There is no question that it has transformed and informed my way of writing , " he says . Hosseini yearns to take his son , Haris , and his daughter , Farah , 10 , to Afghanistan . "  That would be my dream , " he says . Hosseini lived in Kabul until he was 11 . Since then , the 48-year-old author has traveled to his native country as a goodwill envoy for the U.N. Refugee Agency . He has not yet taken his children to Afghanistan because he says he worries about their safety . But he plans to bring them to Kabul one day : "  I would love to go back with them and show them around the city , show them where I was raised , where I went to school , so they can see for themselves this place that I keep writing about , " he says . In addition to writing , Hosseini dedicates his time to providing shelter for returning refugee families through the Khaled Hosseini Foundation , which funds learning centers for women and helps to protect children involved in the rug-making industry . "  I see the mission of my foundation to reach out and help people who are exactly like the characters in my books , " he says . His travels to Afghanistan not only inform his philanthropic efforts -- they also shape his writing . But he says he does n't intend to travel there to find material for his books . "  Nevertheless , it seeps into my consciousness , " he says . "  And when I sit down to write stories what I 've seen in Afghanistan does inform me . " He remembers meeting a pair of sisters in the fall of 2009 . They lived in an isolated village , about an hour outside Kabul . The older sister , who was about 6 years old , treated her little sister like a daughter . "  They were strikingly beautiful and extremely sweet-natured , " he says . "  And they were clinging to each other . " As he left , he gave the older sister an apple . She quickly turned around and gave it to her little sister . "  It touched me deeply , and I was very moved by seeing that , " he says . That bond between those two sisters became the inspiration for the young siblings at the heart of "  And the Mountains Echoed . " Children are often the protagonists in Hosseini 's books . He says he is fascinated with the time when a young person has one foot in childhood and another in adulthood : "  That age of 12 or so , when the foundations of the world as the child has thus far known it are beginning to crack , and the world is revealing itself to be more nuanced , more complicated , more messy , more troubling  than they imagined  . " Many of his characters go through this metamorphosis . He draws on his childhood to make that journey compelling . "  All of us grow up with these kind of archetypal notions of our parents and of the people we admire , " he says . "  And as we grow older , we recognize them to be more fallible than we thought . " He recalls his relationship with his father changing when he was a young man . "  Of course , I grew up thinking my Dad was the strongest man in the world . He was the smartest man in the world , " he says of his father , who died in December 2009 . "  He was very , very , very dear to me , " Hosseini says . "  But I do remember getting older and beginning to disagree with my Dad , on important issues : politics and other things . " Hosseini and his family came to the United States as asylum seekers . He considers himself lucky . On World Refugee Day last week , he helped to spread awareness about the more than 40 million people who are displaced . "  Refugees are people , just like us , just like anybody else . They 're not just statistics , " he says . "  We can all contribute to those essential programs that bring resources and services to some of the world 's most vulnerable people . " Hosseini 's work reinforces his message . For many readers , "  And the Mountains Echoed " will lend faces and emotions to refugees who live in danger of being overlooked .	"  And the Mountains Echoed " is Khaled Hosseini 's first new book in six years "  The Kite Runner " and "  A Thousand Splendid Suns " have sold more than 38 million copies Afghanistan provides inspiration and backdrop for Hosseini 's novels Writer says he yearns to take his son and daughter to Afghanistan
CNN  -- You wo n't find the word "  Englishization " in the dictionary , but Google it and your search will lead you to links discussing imposed multilingualism and the loss of Japan 's indigenous culture . Hiroshi Mikitani sees nothing wrong with the word , incorporating it easily into our discussion about Japan 's future . The internet entrepreneur and CEO of Rakuten Inc , Japan 's largest e-commerce site , intends to change his country from the inside out . "  And Englishization is a part of it , " he says bluntly . With 6,000 employees and sales topping $ 3 billion a year , Mikitani intends Rakuten to keep growing into a global player . The goal : be as common a household name as Google in 10 years . The path to that goal , believes Mikitani , is to speak the global language of business , English . "  English is the only global language . We 're doing a global business . I think this is the only way a Japanese service organization can become a global organization . " By 2012 , Mikitani 's pledge is to make Rakuten an English-only corporation . All communication , verbal and email , would be sent not in Japanese , but in English . It 's a daunting task for a Japanese company headquartered in Tokyo . Last year 's Test of English as a Foreign Language  TOEFL  rankings showed Japanese test takers scored second worst in the East Asia region , below North Korea and Myanmar . Only Laos ranked lower than Japan . Honda 's CEO , Takanobu Ito , recently weighed in , saying publicly , "  It 's stupid for a Japanese company to only use English in Japan when the workforce is mainly Japanese . " Mikitani does n't flinch at the criticism . In fact , he seems to relish it . "  The nature of our business is totally different , " he says , pointing out Honda manufactures a hardware item and Rakuten deals with users on the internet . Then he jabs back at his elder corporate colleague : "  If you want to become successful in other countries , you need to internationalize the headquarters . " Rakuten is expanding despite Japan 's macro-economic struggles . They are starting a Chinese version of Rakuten and purchasing e-commerce sites in the U.S. and France . "  One thing I know , the definition of ` country ' is going to change . Definition of ` currency ' is going to change , " says Mikitani . "  There is going to be less importance which country you 're operating from . And there 's going to be global competition , not local to local . " Mikitani is everything "  Corporate Japan " is not : young , a risk-taker , outspoken and fluent in English . He started his company with a friend in 1997 , using their own money . The two friends grew the business into the public corporation and powerhouse it is today . The 45 year old , energetic CEO says he is , at the core , utterly Japanese . But he disagrees with how corporate Japan and the policy makers have run the economy and country . Look at the aging demographics and the economy of Japan , says Mikitani , and the writing is on the wall for corporate Japan . Growth , he says , can only happen if Japanese companies go outside of the country for expansion and look for opportunities outside of Japan 's famously produced cars and electronics . "  I felt  sic  those kind of ages is over . Now we need to really dramatically change the structure of economy of Japan and IT is going to be an extremely important part of it , " says Mikitani . "  But none of the Japanese ... for example , politicians , truly understands from the bottom of the heart , how important that is . " Mikitani feels the two decades-long economic stagnation for Japan has fundamentally affected the country 's young , which spells trouble for the country 's future . "  Japanese society , especially younger people , are so inward looking . They do n't even want to go to other countries . They want to stay here . They want to have a good life , they do n't want to be rich . They want to have a good day to day life . That 's it . And I think we need to be more sort of dynamic , outward looking , " he says . The solution , hopes Mikitani , will be found in concrete economic policy from Tokyo 's lawmakers and strong leadership from Japan 's companies . Japan can produce innovative , high quality ideas and products , says Mikitani , but the talent needs a direction . He remains positive about his country 's future , despite its problems . Rakuten means optimistic , he points out . "  I think that in absolute terms , we -LSB- Japanese -RSB- are lagging . We are slowing down . I do n't think we need to be pessimistic , but our window is not so long . "	CEO of Japanese e-commerce giant says English should be first language Hiroshi Mikitani aims to make Rakuten an English-only company by 2012 Increasing "  Englishization " is criticized by Honda 's CEO
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has refused a lower court 's unusual request to decide whether a shocking 45-year-old civil rights crime can be prosecuted decades later . The justices Monday dismissed an appeal involving James Ford Seale , convicted in the 1964 kidnapping of two teenagers whose bodies were found in a backwater area of the Mississippi River . The reputed former Ku Klux Klan member had long been suspected in the crime , but it was officially unsolved until Seale was indicted in 2007 , and later convicted . He is serving three life sentences . The move by the high court not to get involved keeps in place Seale 's original indictment , but does not resolve the larger question of whether similar cases can be prosecuted . The issue could have enormous implications for several dozen "  cold cases " involving racially motivated crimes dating back to the 1950s . Seale had appealed his conviction , claiming the statute of limitations had expired five years after the crime . The confusion arises over the fact that kidnapping could be considered a capital offense in 1964 , and thus had no time limit for a prosecution . The high court in 1968 eliminated the federal death penalty for that crime , and Congress four years later changed the law to reflect that ruling . But lawmakers 15 years ago reinstated kidnapping as death penalty-eligible . So the justices were being asked to decide when the statute of limitations kicked in , if ever . Justice John Paul Stevens , supported by his conservative colleague Justice Antonin Scalia , thought the court should get involved . "  I see no benefit and significant cost to postponing the question 's resolution , " Stevens wrote in dissent . "  A prompt answer from this court will expedite the termination of this litigation and determine whether other similar cases may be prosecuted . " Seale , a former sheriff 's deputy , was convicted in June 2007 of kidnapping and conspiracy in the disappearances of Charles Eddie Moore and Henry Hezekiah Dee , both 19 . Federal officials had initially trumpeted reopening the Seale case . "  Today 's indictment is one example of the FBI 's strong and ongoing commitment to re-examining and investigating unsolved civil rights era murders and other crimes , " FBI Director Robert S. Mueller said in January 2007 . "  Under our Cold Case Initiative , we will continue to identify and pursue these cases of racially motivated violence to ensure justice is served wherever possible . " Seale was not tried for murder , but prosecutors alleged that he and fellow Klansmen conspired to abduct , beat and murder Dee and Moore in May 1964 . An indictment accused Seale and his cohorts of picking up the two men hitchhiking and driving them into the Homochitto National Forest in Franklin County , Mississippi , where the teenagers were beaten and interrogated at gunpoint . Dee and Moore were then bound with duct tape and weighted down by an engine block and railroad rail . They were still alive when they were thrown into the Old Mississippi River , where they drowned , according to the FBI . Their decomposed bodies were found two months later during a search for three other missing civil rights workers that would later be known as the Mississippi Burning case . Seale and another man , Charles Edwards , were arrested in the slayings in 1964 , but were released on bond and never tried . The FBI turned the case over to local authorities , and the investigation was dropped after a justice of the peace said witnesses had refused to testify . The case was revived in 2007 when Moore 's brother -- during a visit to Franklin County to help research the case for a Canadian Broadcasting Corporation documentary -- discovered Seale was still alive . Thomas Moore told CNN in January 2007 that he gave the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi FBI files on the case , which he had obtained from a Mississippi reporter . U.S. Attorney Dunn Lampton helped form a task force that led to Seale 's indictment . Seale was the only person convicted in the Moore and Dee murders , the Justice Department said . Since then , other notable cold cases from the civil rights era also have gone to trial . In 2005 , Edgar Ray Killen was convicted of manslaughter for his role in the Mississippi Burning case . Adding to the unusual nature of the Seale case is that a lower court was unable to decide the matter . The full 18-judge panel on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals split evenly on the time-limit question . They then asked the high court to "  certify " the question , a rarely used procedure that essentially asks the justices about how to proceed . The Supreme Court was under no obligation to accept the case in this fashion , under its "  Rule 19 . " That provision gives appeals courts the discretion to hand off to the high court "  any question of law in any civil or criminal case as to which instructions are desired , and upon such certification the Supreme Court may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for decision of the entire matter in controversy . " The case is U.S. v. Seale  09-166  .	Appeals court asked high court if a civil rights crime can be prosecuted decades later Justices dismissed appeal involving man convicted in 1964 kidnapping of two teens James Ford Seale appealed conviction in case , saying statute of limitations had expired Indictment stands , but question of whether similar cases can be prosecuted is unanswered
CNN  -- Jurors spared the life of a former Canton , Ohio , police officer who killed his pregnant girlfriend and tearfully asked them for mercy . A judge then sentenced him Wednesday to 57 years to life in prison . Bobby Lee Cutts Jr. stared straight ahead as the jury announced its recommendation to spare him . Bobby Lee Cutts Jr. , 30 , will be 87 by the time he becomes eligible for parole . He stared straight ahead as the jury of six men and six women recommended that his life be spared . He and his lawyer teared up as the jurors were polled about their decision . Watch Cutts react " Judge Charles E. Brown added to the sentence , taking other counts into consideration after hearing victim impact statements from the parents and sisters of victim Jessie Marie Davis . She was 26 and nine months pregnant when she disappeared last June . Her body , and that of her unborn child , were found 10 days later at a state park in northeastern Ohio . Whitney Davis , Jessie 's sister , directed her anger and grief at Cutts . "  You got rid of someone that was an inconvenience . I hate you . " Watch Davis ' family lash out at Cutts " She continued : " "  You used and manipulated her over and over and still you sit there and you are not crying . I do n't believe that you are sorry for what you did . I believe that you are sorry that you got caught up in all your lies . I do n't know that you would know the truth . "  Watch sister tell Cutts she hates him Cutts took off his eyeglasses as Davis ' father , Ned , addressed him : "  Do n't even look at me . " "  Your honor he violently murdered her , " the anguished father continued . "  Five-foot-four , nine months pregnant , that baby could have been delivered . " And , tears rolled down Cutts ' face as Davis ' mother , Patricia Porter , spoke of her grief . "  There are mornings I have to cover her picture up , when I ca n't get out of bed . " She continued , "  I serve an amazing God , Bobby . A God that forgives and heals and restores people . And all I know today is that I do forgive you , and I know it is only through him that I am able to do that . " But she turned the other cheek : "  I may not have family to go home to after this , but I pray that you make a way for him to get out of there and begin a new life , and to be able to hold his son . " Porter , who is raising Blake , told Cutts the child "  knows what you did . You would not believe the stories he has told us . " When his time came , Cutts offered no statement , no testimonials to his character . On February 15 , the same jury found Cutts guilty of murdering Jessie Davis and their baby , who was to be named Chloe . It was Chloe 's death that made Cutts eligible for the death penalty . Jurors convicted him of two counts of aggravated murder -- for terminating a pregnancy and taking her life during the commission of a felony . All the members of the jury are white , as was Davis . Cutts is black . Cutts , who has maintained Davis ' death was the result of an accidental elbow to the neck , asked the jury to spare his life and offered a tearful apology at his sentencing hearing Tuesday . Watch Cutts ' tearful plea " "  Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , I 'm asking you to spare my life , " he said . "  To imagine that I was responsible for the death of Jessie , the mother of my children and my unborn daughter , is beyond any words that I can express , " Cutts added , reading from a handwritten statement . "  Words can not bring them back , nor can they erase the pain I 've caused , but I want to apologize , " he said . Cutts ' lawyer , Fernando Mack , had urged jurors to recommend the lowest available penalty -- 25 years to life -- to allow him to play a limited role in his other children 's lives . Mack acknowledged that many of the jurors might still be angry with Cutts for leaving his 2 1/2 - year-old son , home alone for more than a day while his mother lay dead in a field . But sentencing Cutts to death hurts Blake even more , he argued . "  That is still Blake 's father , like it or not . The prosecutor here wants you to kill Blake 's father , so now he 'll have no parents . " Stark County Assistant Prosecutor Dennis Barr attacked Cutts ' character and his sincerity on the stand . A police officer should have known better , he said . "  Bobby Cutts took an oath to serve and protect , " the prosecutor argued . "  But on June 14 , 2007 , Bobby Cutts did not serve and protect . He destroyed . " According to testimony , Cutts rolled Davis ' body in a comforter and dumped it in a park , leaving toddler son Blake in the house alone at the crime scene in a soiled diaper . "  Mommy 's in the rug , " Blake told police , according to testimony . Prosecutors charged during the trial that Cutts buckled under the financial pressure of additional child support , killed Davis , and then created a cover story to try to get away with it . After the sentencing , prosecutors -- no longer restricted in their comments by a gag order -- told reporters Cutts led authorities to Davis ' body , but no deal was made in return . Davis ' father , Ned Davis , told reporters , "  Our family , in one sense , was fortunate that we had some legal resolution because I know along with this , there are families out there that do n't ever get an answer . It does n't make it any less painful , but at least this part of it is resolved . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Judge gives Bobby Cutts Jr. the maximum life sentence Jury recommended life , with no parole eligibility for 30 years Cutts Jr. convicted of murdering girlfriend , unborn child He apologized for killings and asked jurors to spare his life
CNN  -- An Australian man and his daughter have created a furor after going on television to admit an incestuous relationship which has produced two children . John Deaves and his daughter Jenny pictured in the 60 Minutes interview . John Deaves , 61 , appeared on the 60 Minutes show with daughter Jenny , 39 , and their child -- nine-month-old Celeste , Melbourne 's The Age newspaper reported . Last month Judge Steven Millsteed banned the couple from having sex with each other , but released them on a three-year , $ 460 good behavior bond . Court transcripts also revealed their first child died in 2001 from a congenital heart disorder . The couple told 60 Minutes that they fell in love in 2000 when they "  discovered each other later in life . " Deaves had left the family home when Jenny was a baby , and did not see her again for 30 years . What do you think of the couple 's relationship ? However , the Age reported Deaves ' former wife , Dorothy , disputed their claim that they were virtual strangers when they fell in love . "  They were in contact all the time , " she said . "  His youngest daughter -LSB- from his second marriage -RSB- did n't even know they were together and she is really traumatized -- she is hurting terrible . " Deaves ' first wife and Jennifer 's mother , Joan , said children deserved a better chance in life than one that originated from incest . Watch video report on incest couple . " "  I just think that the whole relationship is dreadful , " she told News Ltd. . "  These incestual -LSB- sic -RSB- relationships produce children and the children have problems and it 's not fair to kids . " Professor Freda Briggs , of the University of South Australia , told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that a good behavior bond would not stop the pair from having more children . "  My controversial suggestion was that in these sorts of circumstances judges should be able to persuade them one way or another , " she said . "  For the mother for example to have her tubes tied or the father-cum-grandfather to be sterilized . " E-mail to a friend	Father and daughter reveal incest on Australian television show Couple have had two children , with one dying soon after birth Judge bans couple from having sex to prevent another pregnancy
CNN  -- From the single , centrally-positioned seat to the crash-proof frame , this Formula One-like car is an alluring piece of kit . It would make any driver stand out in a traffic jam , and it 's completely road legal . But the truly ground-breaking feature of BAC 's ultra-sleek design is still under wraps . The company are developing an autonomous rear wing that self-transforms according to the conditions . In rainy weather it curves to increase downforce for a safer drive , and straightens out when the downpour clears . This process is powered by the rain itself . The startling concept is the result of collaboration with MIT 's pioneering Self-Assembly Lab , which seeks to programme materials to build themselves , and transform how we make things . "  Any place that uses robotics today , you could use materials and have the same capabilities , " says Skylar Tibbits , a computational architect who leads the Lab and the movement . "  With planes , we have done a great job of making articulated wings to have lift , to change aerodynamics and make the plane functional . But the weight , energy and control mechanisms involved are pretty excessive at this point . Trying to find more elegant solutions seems an obvious target , and what we 're proposing is a single material with the same actuation capability , the same sensing , the same range of movement , if not more . " The self-assembly process has been described as 4D printing . Tibbits ' team produce composite materials that react in predictable ways when exposed to external stimulus such as water . The materials are 3D-printed into specific shapes and then autonomously transform into another , with wide-ranging implications for industry from automotive to medical to military . But the dream for a new paradigm of component-free , labor-sparing robotics requires further breakthroughs . "  More materials , more energy sources , " Tibbits says are the current priorities . Wood and carbon fibers are responding well , but "  can we do it with everyday materials , with repeatability ? Can we fuel it with heat and light ? " If he can , the results would not merely match existing capabilities . "  We can develop material compositions that respond to many different triggers , or find solutions that have n't been programmed but fall within an acceptable range . They could self-optimize based on logic and sensing . " Tibbits acknowledges that "  not every industry likes surprises , " but the Lab 's client list indicates a huge appetite for self-assembly . In addition to BAC , the team are collaborating with Airbus to develop the wing design . They are working with engineering giants Geosyntec to deliver autonomous pipes that expand , narrow and regulate the flow , taking on the function of pump and valve . Fashion and furniture are also targets -- making the self-lacing sneakers of ` Back to the Future ' a possibility at last . The field is expanding . Harvard 's Dr. Jennifer Lewis is leading a wide-ranging exploration of 4D printing , which recently received a grant from the US military , along with two other research institutions . Morphing camouflage is among the mooted targets . Demand for 4D is reaching a fever pitch , says Dr. Junus Kahn , founder of Carbitex , which produces the materials used by the Self-Assembly Lab , as well as supplying them to major business clients . "  Our clients are looking for the next big idea , they are actively seeking innovation and believe this could transform manufacturing , " says Kahn . "  If you have products that know how to mould and assemble based on energy , it takes out the menial labor that has forced manufacturers to relocate abroad where it 's cheaper . " Kahn believes transport is the fastest-progressing sector for the concept , and expects automotive examples to be on the market as early as 2016 . Once self-assembly is proven , it could spread as rapidly as its precursor 3D printing , along with concerns about the implications . "  Everyone is always scared that technology will take our jobs , " says Tibbits , rolling his eyes . "  But it has always created jobs rather than destroyed them . Another fear is it will get out of control , or be abused . But we should be afraid of people not technology , we should n't stop inventing . " If the full scale of his vision is realized , we might need to do little else . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Beyond Pistorius : rise of the ` Cyberathletes ' Turn your kitchen into an orchestra with this magic device An end to all airport security lines ?	Self-assembling vehicles ready to hit the market Almost any material could be programmed to build itself , a process known as 4D printing MIT 's Self-Assembly lab have partnership in industries from fashion to aviation The process will transform manufacturing and labor
CNN  -- With the tap of a toe or the blink of an eye , those with ALS are redefining what it means to be alive . I have to admit it took some time to come up with that line and believe it -- to have that kind of positive outlook on this nasty deadly disease and the future . Just a year and a half ago , my mother , Myrna Malveaux , 69 , was healthy . Our family 's matriarch , she was the one who was the life of the party , the trusted confidante but town crier of all family secrets , the glue that held my father , me , and my three siblings together . When I was told she had ALS I honestly did n't know what it was . But then my sister described it to me over the phone and I had to pull over the car . It 's a fatal , fast-moving neuromuscular disease that would paralyze my mother limb by limb . First robbing her of her ability to swallow , then speak , move and breathe . When that reality set in , I spent many nights in my home , crying on the floor . What enabled me to get up was that my mother accepted her fate with a strength and grace I 'd never seen before . In anyone . When she began choking on her food , losing her ability to swallow , she got a feeding tube . When she lost her ability to walk , she got a motorized wheelchair . When she could no longer speak , she picked up a word board and started spelling out her conversations , still telling my father what to do . And finally when she lost her ability to breathe , she got a tracheotomy and ventilator to stay alive . Which is why the notion of what it means to be alive , for me , has completely changed . I 've met people like former NFL New Orleans Saints player Steve Gleason , who now , at age 36 , with ALS , is completely paralyzed . He uses eye-tracking technology to open doors , send e-mails , and tweet by blinking his eyes . I 've also met Augie Nieto , the founder of Life Fitness gym equipment . The 53-year-old Californian is running a corporation , communicating and raising millions of dollars for ALS research , by tapping with his toes . So you can see where I might get my inspiration in telling their stories . Do n't get me wrong , I know it 's a devastating path to travel . Someone described it to me as "  imagining yourself , sitting in a chair , and being completely duct-taped head to toe , with only your eyes left open . That 's what it 's like to have ALS . " It robs you of your physical abilities but it leaves your mind and spirit strong . Being alive looks different . It becomes all about your emotional connections to those you love . My mother smiles when she sees her grandchildren , her eyes light up when you walk in the door , she relaxes when the sun shines on her face . These days our family is just about hanging out . Very little is known about how people get ALS . In 90 % of cases it just happens out of the blue . It 's considered a rare disease , in part , because patients do n't live long enough to be counted . Right now there is no cure . I hope by sharing my own experience , as well as that of others , we can learn more together . Read more : Sharing the burden of ALS	CNN anchor Suzanne Malveaux shares her personal connection to the disease ALS Malveaux 's mother was diagnosed with ALS a year and a half ago ALS is a fast-moving neuromuscular disease without a cure Patients with ALS are eventually paralyzed completely but their brain still functions normally
CNN  -- Japan is set to make its mark in the skies with its first new commercial jet in more than 50 years , the Mitsubishi Regional Jet , or MRJ . Since Japan 's last commercial passenger plane was flying routes across the nation , the country has led the world in high-speed rail and established a significant aerospace industry -- but it 's taken a back seat when it comes to original aircraft development . That 's set to change with the narrow-bodied MRJ . It was rolled out at Saturday 's launch event , complete with a stirring taiko drum performance at the Komaki Minami plant in Nagoya , where one of Mitsubishi 's most famous aircraft was developed : the A6M "  Zero " World War II fighter plane . The last commercial Japanese plane to operate was Mitsubishi 's YS-11 , a turboprop aircraft built between 1962 and 1972 . It had been hoped the YS-11 would revive the Japanese aviation industry , but only 180 were sold , 99 of them in Japan . Obstacles overcome The project to develop the MRJ began in 2008 . Speaking at the event , Hideake Omiya , chairman of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , said numerous problems and obstacles had to be overcome during the plane 's development . "  We had to be prepared to bear the risk that could jeopardize our company 's foundation . Going forward this jet will fly to every corner of the world . This is the moment of dreams come true . " Composites are used in the construction of the MRJ , which will be powered by two Pratt & Whitney PW1200G engines . The jet will be available in two iterations , the 70-seat MRJ70 and 90-seat MRJ90 . It has a pointed nose that would n't be out of place on a bullet train . ANA is the launch customer for the four-seats-abreast plane , with 15 firm orders . At the rollout event on Saturday , Shinichiro Ito , president and CEO of ANA , said the company is "  determined to help ensure the MRJ becomes an aircraft loved and appreciated by our passengers . " Five MRJs will begin test flights in the second quarter of 2015 , with commercial operations set to launch in 2017 . Going up against Embraer and Bombardier in the narrow-bodied-jet sector , Mitsubishi says six airlines have more than 400 MRJ planes on order or with options to purchase : ANA , JAL , Air Mandalay , Sky West , Trans States , and a relaunched Eastern Air Lines .	Mitsubishi 's MRJ launched at event in Nagoya on Saturday Narrow-bodied plane is first new passenger jet from Japan in more than 50 years Will begin test flights in 2015 , commercial operations in 2017
CNN  -- An international football player has been found guilty of making a homophobic gesture during a league game by an English court . Colin Kazim-Richards , who represented Turkey at the 2008 European Championship finals , was convicted following the incident while he was playing for English second division team Blackburn , the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday . It took place during a Championship game away to Brighton on February 12 , 2013 . The 27-year-old , who now lives in Turkey and plays for Bursaspor , heard prosecutor Simon Allen contend that he had mimicked pulling down his shorts , putting his left arm behind his backside before making a homophobic gesture at Brighton fans . He was fined # 750  $ 1,256  , ordered to pay # 620  $ 1,039  court costs and a # 75  $ 125.60  victim surcharge , PA reported . Brighton , a city on the south coast of England around 50 miles from London , has a large gay population and its players and supporters have often been subjected to homophobic abuse . On Tuesday , Sussex Police reported that three people were arrested for homophobic chanting during Brighton 's game at Leicester . Kazim-Richards , who had previously played for Brighton between 2005-2006 , made the gesture after being taunted by home supporters who claimed he was overweight . Darren Hastings , a witness in the trial , said he noticed Kazim-Richards make the gesture four or five times during the match . "  It was utterly disgusting , " Hastings told the court , PA reported . "  I understand that football players receive a number of gestures or comments from the crowd but I certainly did not expect to see a football player perform that gesture on the pitch . " A second witness , Daryl Cannon , who was at the stadium working at the game on the day , also voiced his disgust at the gesture , PA reported . He was particularly surprised given Kazim-Richards ' work with Kick it Out -- an anti-discriminatory body which aims to eradicate racism and homophobia within football . "  I perceived it as a very wrong thing to do , particularly for someone who 's involved with the Kick It Out Campaign , " Cannon told the court . "  Racism and homophobia are on the same level . "	Colin Kazim-Richards found guilty of making homophobic gesture Former Turkey international ordered to pay fine and costs Court witness says footballer 's gestures "  were insulting " Striker had denied the charge
CNN  -- If Rush Limbaugh says same-sex marriage is inevitable , it 's inevitable . Here 's what the conservative radio host had to say about the topic on a recent show : "  This issue is lost . I do n't care what the Supreme Court does . This is now inevitable . And it 's inevitable because we lost the language on this . " In a separate clip , he says he would agree with gay rights activists who claim the "  genie is n't going to get put back in the bottle " on this issue . "  I think the inertia is clearly moving in the direction that there is going to be gay marriage , at some point , nationwide . " Does he sound begrudging ? Yes . Do I care ? No . If the King Conservative is endorsing the inevitability of same-sex marriage , then my generation -- the one demographers talk about when they mention the "  sea change " in public opinion on this topic ; the people born after 1981 who support "  gay marriage " at a rate of 70 % -- will live to see it happen . That 's so exciting that I almost want to end the column right here and now . Who cares what the Supreme Court decides ? Rush said equality is on the way ! But then the question becomes : How soon ? And : What happens until then ? Finally : Does n't this in-between part matter ? Those doubts are what bother me about a new and hotly debated Time magazine cover that declares , quite prematurely , and in all-caps : "  Gay marriage already won . " "  The Supreme Court has n't made up its mind , " the subhead says , "  but America has . " The trouble : America has n't . New-York-America has . Washington-America has . California-America , which voted in 2008 to ban same-sex marriage , could easily overturn that law if a new election were held today . Sutter : Gays live in 50 Americas But there are plenty of gay and lesbian people who live in states like South Carolina , Arkansas , Oklahoma and Georgia -- where far different views dominate the discourse . Unless the Supreme Court rules broadly against California 's ban on same-sex marriage , which seems unlikely to the smart people who have been dissecting the arguments , then some gay people could be waiting decades for equal rights under the law . How long , exactly , is the subject of some debate . "  In Republican-leaning red states , which uniformly have banned gay marriage , few seem to be having second thoughts , " writes Ronald Brownstein in the National Journal . "  For the near future , the nation appears locked onto a trajectory in which almost all reliably blue states will establish gay marriage  or civil unions  and possibly not a single reliably red state will follow . " Trajectory , locked . Awesome . I did find a glimmer of hope , however , in an analysis from Nate Silver , The New York Times blogger and data wiz who correctly predicted the outcome of the 2012 presidential election . Silver says even the reddest of the red states will change eventually . Thirty-two states would support same-sex marriage in a popular vote by the year 2016 , he writes in a recent blog post . "  And by 2020 , voters in 44 states would do so , assuming that same-sex marriage continues to gain support at roughly its previous rate . " The six states left out ? South Carolina , Arkansas , Georgia , Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , according to his analysis . With Mississippi being last . I recently spent some time in that state , which passed a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage by a majority vote of 86 % . In states like that , gay people find it difficult in some communities just to exist , much less hold commitment ceremonies . I met gay kids who had been harassed at school ; a couple that keep a security camera on their porch ; and a man who says he was fired because of his sexual orientation .  That 's legal in Mississippi and 28 other states , by the way , and it 's something no one 's talking about . Opinion : Which state matches your values on LGBT rights ? The conversation is changing -- there are plenty of proud , brave and openly gay people living in the Deep South -- but it 's happening at an uneven clip . And these delays matter for real people . In Mississippi , I met folks like L.B. and Sara Bell , who are legally married in Connecticut but do n't get any of the rights that go with that partnership in the Hospitality State . They told me they would like to start a family but worry about both of them getting custody , since Mississippi bans adoption by same-sex parents . Sara , who would like to carry the child , is 31 . If same-sex marriage is n't legalized until , say , 2030 , she would be 48 . It would be nice to overlook this mushy , awkward middle period -- our county 's pimply adolescence on gay rights -- and jump straight to an all-inclusive future . But these teenage years matter . They affect how millions of Americans live today . And the transition could also affect what type of nation we become . Let 's hope they go by quickly . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Time magazine 's cover declares "  GAY MARRIAGE ALREADY WON " John Sutter says that assertion is premature for most of the country He says same-sex marriage is inevitable -- and that 's a great thing Sutter : If the Supreme Court passes , it could be years before it 's national policy
CNN  -- After more than eight hours of being kept at bay by severe weather and low visibility , helicopter rescue crews found a way to rescue four hikers stranded in a raging Southern California creek and ferry them to a waiting ambulance . "  The Ventura County sheriff 's helicopter was able to break through the weather system , and has successfully hoisted all four of them out , " Mike Parker , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , told CNN 's "  New Day Sunday . " "  It was a very very risky rescue . It was quite a remote area . There 's absolutely no lighting there at all . The only lighting that we had was our rescuers with flashlights on their helmets and the ones that they were holding , " Parker said . "  In the pitch black , it 's pretty difficult to find them . The creek was swollen and rising , and we were very concerned that they would be drowned where they were . " The rescue happened around 3 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  . Rising water , slippery surfaces and the sheer rock walls of the gorge made matters difficult , Parker had said earlier . Before the decisive helicopter navigated through the skies , rescuers in rafts had been "  inching " across Malibu Creek in a "  high risk " attempt to reach the four , Parker said . Earlier in the morning , the batteries in the hikers ' cell phone had died , but they were able to communicate that they saw the beams from the rescuers ' flashlights , even though the rescuers could not see the hikers . About an hour before the rescue , the Malibu Search and Rescue helicopter made it through the foul weather that had delayed it and "  immediately spotted " the hikers . They were about 200 yards upstream from the rescue team , Parker tweeted . In messages sent before their cell phone batteries died , the hikers said they were cold but not injured , Parker said . Temperatures overnight in the Malibu Creek Gorge were in the mid-40s , and rescuers were concerned that hypothermia might become an issue for the hikers , Parker tweeted . The hikers , from Long Beach , were believed to be in their mid-20s , Parker tweeted . 106 million in path of latest winter blast Mandatory evacuation orders Severe rain that soaked much of southern California has subsided in many Los Angeles suburbs , though residents of at least two communities remained under mandatory evacuation orders . Authorities lifted a mandatory evacuation order for Monrovia early Sunday , but others remained in effect for Glendora and Azusa , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . So far , no deaths have been reported as a result of the rain . "  We 've got people still evacuated only because we expect those thunderstorms , those high-intensity , short duration type of rainstorms , " Glendora Police Chief Timothy Staab told CNN affiliate KCAL Saturday night . "  The hillsides are already soaked right now , and it may not take much to cause those mudslides to just come down out of the hills . " The hills ca n't absorb water because so much vegetation was destroyed in wildfires and drought . Walls of water have gushed into valleys below . They have spewed mud and debris into quiet residential streets , turning them into thick , brown creeks . "  These areas have the highest risk of being impacted by flooding/debris flows from rainfall due to the loss of vegetation from the foothills , " the city of Glendora said in a statement to KABC , also a CNN affiliate . Little drought relief despite downpour The storms brought the first rains since the collapse of a powerful , persistent weather system that was keeping California parched , but they wo n't do much to alleviate the drought , according to the CNN Weather Center . A lot of the water is flowing out to sea , and the drought 's effects have been enormous . Water reservoirs are running at minimum levels . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Hikers rescued from swollen creek in Southern California A helicopter airlifted the stranded hikers Severe weather had thwarted rescuers since 6:30 p.m. Saturday Hikers say they 're not hurt , but rescuers worry about hypothermia
CNNGo  -- Your choice of hotel probably should n't be based purely on the merits of its cocktail menu . But these places have so much more than a great selection of drinks . Rock Bar , Ayana Resort & Spa in Bali Guests ride a special cable car down a dramatic cliff face to get to this brilliantly engineered bar perched just 46 feet above the Indian Ocean . Once there , the experience is dramatic . Bartenders pour creative cocktails set to beats spun from a DJ booth carved into the stone . The minimalist space , designed by Yasuhiro Koichi of Japan 's Design Studio SPIN , is one of the best places to watch the sunset in Bali .  Ayana Resort and Spa , Jimbaran , Bali , tel : +62 361 702222 , www.ayanaresort.com/rockbarbali . What to drink : A martini -- on the rocks , of course . Redwood Room , Clift Hotel , San Francisco The Clift 's swank Redwood Room , founded in 1933  the year Prohibition ended ,  is a blend of old and new . Vintage deco lights shine on Starck-designed lounge furniture and plasma TVs displaying digital art hanging on original redwood walls . The scene is loud , grown-up and slightly pretentious , just the way patrons like it .  495 Geary Street at Taylor St. , San Francisco , California 94102 , Tel : +1 415 775 4700 , http://www.clifthotel.com/ . What to drink : A classic martini , spruced with two blue cheese-stuffed olives . Icebar , Icehotel , Copenhagen A novelty , no doubt , but Icebar is still a marvelous place to , well , chill out . Everything , and we mean everything , is made of ice , from the furniture to the cocktail glasses to the gleaming art . Check out the raven in a cage , the full scale Harley Davidson and the boxes filled with miniature treasures -- all made of frozen H20 .  Hotel Twentyseven , Løngangstræde 27 , Copenhagen , Tel : +45 7027 5627 , http://www.icebarcph.com/ . What to drink : A vodka shot . CNNGo : Twitter-powered sewing machines and tadpole guitars Sky Yard , Drake Hotel , Toronto , Canada A place so hip that just being there cranks up the cool-scale ranking , this rooftop bar is a constantly evolving cultural showpiece . The garden-like space , lined with eastern-inspired booths and daybeds , plays host to indie film screenings , sing-alongs , art shows , clothing sales and bands . Groovy .  1150 Queen Street W , Toronto , Tel : +1 416 531 5042 , http://www.thedrakehotel.ca/ . What to drink or eat : The menu changes constantly -- the theme can be "  Tacos + Tequila " one week , and "  Tiki Bar " the next . Ask for the latest specials . Veranda Bar , Figueroa Hotel , Los Angeles With dim lanterns , woven rugs , ornate pillows and bougainvillea , this poolside bar feels worlds away from downtown Los Angeles . Located in a courtyard setting behind the Moroccan-style Figueroa Hotel , the quiet spot is a great place to get away from the chaos .  939 S. Figueroa St. , Los Angeles , California 90015 , Tel : +1 213 627 8971 , http://www.figueroahotel.com/ . What to drink : The electric blue "  Fire and Ice , " served in a frosted martini glass . Sky Bar , lebua at State Tower , Bangkok For a night that feels out of this world , it only takes a trip to Sky Bar , the bar on the 63rd floor of The Dome at State Tower . Anchored by a circular , glowing neon bar counter , the ultramodern deck offers giddying views of the Bangkok lights and river .  State Tower 1055 , Silom Road , Bangrak Bangkok 10500 , Thailand , Tel : +66 2624 9555 , http://www.lebua.com/ . What to drink : A glass  or three  of vintage wine . There are vast options to choose from . CNNGo : Bargain hunting in Hongkou Bemelmans Bar , Carlyle Hotel , New York City Dark and decadent , Bemelmans competes for the city 's most dapper nightspot . No detail has been left un-fancified : White-jacket waiters , nickel-trimmed glass tables , chocolate-brown leather banquettes and a 24-karat gold leaf-covered ceiling . But the most interesting aspect of Bemelmans is the wall art by Ludwig Bemelmans , the creator of the Madeline books and the bar 's namesake .  35 E. 76th St. , at Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10021 , Tel : +1 212 744 1600 , http://www.thecarlyle.com/ . What to drink : The Old Cuban , a mojito topped with champagne . Grotto Bar , Hyatt Regency Maui Resort & Spa , Maui , Hawaii OK , so a card key is required for this one  the bar is only open to hotel guests ,  but we just had to include it in the list . Inside a dim cave enclosed by dual waterfalls , this swim-up bar is an adult refuge in a resort oozing with pool-splashing tikes . With underwater stools and water jets massagers , it 's hard to leave .  200 Nohea Kai Drive , Lahaina , Hawaii 96761 , Tel : +1 808 661 1234 , www.maui.hyatt.com/hyatt/hotels . What to drink : An ice-cold piña colada . Connaught Bar , The Connaught Mayfair , London The Connaught Bar simply has it all : ultra-stylish decor , impeccable service and some of the most killer cocktails ever shaken  not stirred . With textured walls in platinum , leather chairs and white marble floors , the parlor , designed by David Collins , is a work of modern luxury . Not to mention , the bartenders are award winning . Senior mixologist Erik Lorincz reigns as the Diageo Reserve World Class Bartender of the Year 2010 and Agostino Perrone holds the title of International Bartender of the Year 2010 .  Carlos Place , Mayfair , London , W1K 2AL , United Kingdom , Tel : +44  0  20 7499 7070 , http://www.the-connaught.co.uk/ . What to drink : A Mulata Daisy , rum , lime juice and sugar , kicked up a notch with the tang of fennel seeds and sweet chocolate liqueur . CNNGo : Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew and the three magic words Alexander 's Bar , Hotel Grande Bretagne , Athens One of the classiest places in town for a cocktail , Alexander 's Bar has a crazy selection of premium spirits and impeccable service . The trademark fixture of the bar , and the hotel itself , is the rare 18th century tapestry of Alexander the Great 's entrance into Gavgamila .  Constitution Square , Athens 10564 , Greece , Tel : +30 210 333 0787 , http://www.grandebretagne.gr/ . What to drink : A glass of exotic Midori liqueur over ice . Il Palazzetto Wine Bar , Palazzetto Hotel , Rome , Italy Located over the Spanish Steps , this terrace bar is a great place to view Rome 's dolce vita . The classy watering hole is part of the opulent , Renaissance-era Il Palazzeto palace , home to Rome 's International Wine Academy .  Vico del Bottino , 8 - 00187 , Rome , Italy , Tel : +39 06 69 934 1000 , http://www.ilpalazzettoroma.com/ . What to drink : Choose from 400 different wines . Blu Bar on 36 , Shangri-La Hotel in The Rocks , Sydney , Australia Set on the 36th floor of the Shangri-La Hotel in The Rocks , the New York-inspired bar offers views of Darling Harbour , Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Opera House . A marble hallway entrance opens to two distinct chambers , a fluorescent blue bar and a lounge . The latter features minimalist décor , plush seating , dim lighting and floor-to-ceiling glass windows .  176 Cumberland St , Sydney , Tel : +61  0  2 9250 6013 , http://www.shangri-la.com/ . What to drink : The Holy Amigo , a blend of Herradura tequila , Crème de Peche and peach bitters packs a punch . Level 8 , Kilimanjaro Hotel Kempinski , Dar es Salaam With views over the port of Dar es Salaam , Level 8 is the spot to kick back after working or running around . Late at night , the space transforms into a cosmopolitan lounge .  Sokoine Drive , Dar es Salaam 9574 , Tanzania , Tel : +255  0  22 213 1111 , www.kempinski.com/tr/daressalaam . What to drink : Well-chilled champagne . Bascule Bar , Cape Grace Hotel , Cape Town While tiny in square footage , Bascule Bar on the Victoria & Albert Waterfront packs a punch , boasting the largest whisky selection in the Southern Hemisphere . Views of the Waterfront Marina and across to nearby Table Mountain are extraordinary from the bar 's bottom-conforming leather sofas .  Cape Grace Hotel , West Quay Rd. , Waterfront , Cape Town , 8001 , Tel : +27  0  21 410 7238 , http://www.capegrace.com/ What to drink : Any one of the 450 whiskeys . Rooftop bar , La Purificadora , Puebla , Mexico There 's nothing ordinary about a rooftop bar where travelers can watch guests swim through a glass-walled pool while knocking back cocktails . Mexico 's top architect Ricardo Legorreta leaves no detail behind in this modern space that works in purple , Tetris-like sofas , granite walls and glass-floored balconies . At night , for better or worse , the bar feels like a club as tourists attack on multiple fronts .  Callejón de la 10 Norte 802 , Paseo San Francisco , Barrio el Alto , Puebla , 72000 , Tel : +52 222/309 -1920 , http://www.lapurificadora.com/ . What to drink : The bar 's signature cocktail , a mixture of mandarin , pineapple and Curaçao . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	The Clift 's swank Redwood Room offers a fantastic classic martini From the furniture to the cocktail glasses , everything in Icebar is made of ice Bascule Bar boasts the largest whisky selection in the Southern Hemisphere
CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is attempting to flip attacks on his business record by accusing the Obama administration of shipping American jobs overseas , but experts in the industry he 's singling out say the truth is more complicated . "  It 's interesting when it comes to outsourcing , this president has been outsourcing a good deal of American jobs by putting money into energy companies that end up making their products outside the U.S. , " Romney told an audience in Colorado on Tuesday . "  If there 's an outsourcer-in-chief , it 's the president of the United States , not the guy running to replace him . " It 's an attempt at political jujitsu -- or as White House spokesman Jay Carney put it , a jeer of "  I know you are but what am I ? " Dems , GOP worlds apart in Washington A website put up by the Republican Party lists case after case of international companies that received federal money aimed at building up a domestic renewable energy industry or developing electric vehicles . Much of it came from the Obama administration 's 2009 economic stimulus bill , and the Romney campaign and the GOP say that taxpayer money created jobs overseas . "  It turns out President Obama is the outsourcer . You certainly wo n't hear about this from the Obama campaign , " Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul said in an e-mail to reporters . But the programs the GOP paints as "  outsourcing " have contributed to a boom in wind and solar energy projects in particular , according to industry groups and independent analysts . That led to the creation of between 52,000 and 75,000 jobs in the sector between 2009 and 2011 , according to an April estimate from the Lawrence-Berkeley National Laboratory in California . The range reflects some uncertainty about how much of those projects ' component parts were made in the United States . That 's because there were few American companies manufacturing those components in the last decade . "  You ca n't outsource jobs that were n't here in the first place , " said Russ Choma , an investigative journalist who documented the role of overseas corporations in the federal energy programs in 2010 . Choma said the plan was to encourage those companies to locate in the United States , a plan that has worked to some extent . "  You ca n't just will a manufacturing industry to arise , " he said . "  You have to create a market for it . The market needs the turbines from somewhere , so they had to go overseas with hopes that it would spur activity here . " Wind-powered electrical production more than doubled between 2008 and 2011 , and now represents just under 3 % of U.S. generation , Energy Information Administration figures show . The American Wind Energy Association , the agency 's trade group , said the number of workers building components for the industry has grown from about 4,000 in 2005 to about 30,000 in 2012 . About 60 % of wind-turbine components are now made in the United States , up from about 25 % in 2005 , the trade group said . Romney draws boos from NAACP , support from conservatives The GOP website criticizes the fact that employment in the entire wind energy sector has declined by 10,000 despite the federal investment of nearly $ 9 billion from the 2009 economic stimulus bill . But the industry said that 's largely because there are fewer jobs installing wind farms right now , and that the stimulus program saved as many as 40,000 of the 85,000 jobs in the industry at its peak . Those programs provided tax credits to wind-farm developers , and all those projects "  are built in the U.S. , " the American Wind Energy Association said . Choma said the result was a "  huge " growth in installed capacity , but fewer jobs than predicted . Other programs have n't been as successful , and the end of the programs in the stimulus bill could bring the renewable energy industry 's recent momentum to a "  screeching halt , " he said . The "  outsourcer-in-chief " attack is Romney 's rebuttal to criticism of his business record by the Obama campaign and its allies , who accuse the onetime Bain Capital chief of being a "  pioneer " of shipping American jobs overseas . Obama partisans cite reporting by the Washington Post , which published a lengthy piece on Romney 's record at Bain in June , but the newspaper 's fact-checking column has said the campaign has stretched the paper 's findings . "  There is an element here of ' I know you are but what am I ? ' to this charge , but the facts tell a different story , " Carney said Wednesday . He said the stimulus money "  went to operations in the Unites States that created jobs for American workers here at home . " Meanwhile , observers like Robert Scott , an economist at the liberal-leaning Economic Policy Institute , say Obama has n't done enough to crack down on outsourcing . "  There 's no question that there 's concerns about candidate Romney , that he has outsourced in the past and indicated that he continues to favor tax policies that would subsidize companies that would outsource , " said Scott . "  On the other hand , Obama has had four years to undertake major steps to reduce our trade deficit . He 's done the small things . " CNN Poll of Polls : Dead heat in Obama-Romney race The administration has come out in favor of shifting tax breaks away from companies that move jobs overseas and toward companies that bring them back to the United States , but those moves have gone nowhere in Congress . Scott said the Obama administration has stepped up enforcement actions against unfair trade practices by Chinese companies . But it "  has n't taken the big steps " like taking Beijing to task for keeping its currency artificially low , which favors Chinese exports . Obama , Romney ratchet up back and forth over outsourcing Romney says he ` expected ' negative response CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Adam Aigner-Treworgy and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Romney campaign attacks stimulus funding for overseas energy companies But that 's where the products were , one observer says Wind industry says those programs fueled a boom that created American jobs Both Romney and Obama are weak on outsourcing , a liberal economist says
Nearly five weeks after Typhoon Haiyan tore through the Philippines , the government now says more than 6,000 people have been reported dead . Nearly 1,800 more are still missing . The new death toll figure , reported Friday , represents a sharp increase from the approximately 4,000 deaths confirmed by the government just three weeks ago . More than 27,000 people have been reported injured , the county 's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council reported Friday . The storm forced 3.9 million people from their homes , the agency said . The typhoon -- considered by some to be among the strongest such storms to make landfall -- struck the Philippines on November 8 . Its powerful winds and enormous storm surge smashed buildings , destroyed roads and caused widespread power and water outages . The damage was particularly severe in the Leyte province city of Tacloban , which suffered a direct hit from the storm and enormous devastation . ' I saw hope in their eyes ' : CNN Heroes team up for typhoon relief How to help Typhoon Haiyan survivors	More than 6,000 people now confirmed dead , more than 1,800 missing in Philippine typhoon The death toll has risen by nearly 2,000 in just three weeks More than 27,000 people have been reported injured , a government agency says Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines on November 8
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Billionaire Bill Gates has urged industrialized nations to honor aid pledges to developing nations despite the recession . Bill Gates Thursday said industrialized nations need to do more to help developing countries . ONE , the advocacy group backed by Gates and rock musicians Bob Geldof Bono released a report Thursday attacking several Group of Eight nations for meeting financial aid goals , set in 2005 , to countries in sub-Saharan Africa . The report said that Italy , host to the next G8 summit , has "  performed especially poorly " in its share of aid spending and that France has fallen behind on its commitment . In an interview with CNN 's Richard Quest , Gates said nations such as France had not been able to fulfill their promises due to pressures on budgets and suggested they needed to "  raise the priority so the promises are met . " Are G8 nations doing enough during the recession to help developing economies ? The former Microsoft chief set up the philanthropic Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 1994 . Part of its remit is to help nations trapped by hunger and extreme poverty , donating billions of dollars on health aid during the past two decades . Gates said that as industrialized nations cut their budgets over the next few years to get deficits down there would be a real question of whether aid money will be untouched or increase . But if people knew how valuable such aid was , he said , the pressure on governments would be enough to allow it to be a priority . "  When you get young girls into schools and they 're literate , " said Gates , "  not only do they contribute to the economy , but the population growth that is overloading resources and is creating these problems , that starts to go down . And so the portion of the world that needs aid is far less today than it was 50 years ago . " Watch full Quest Means Business interview with Bill Gates . " Trade was also key to developing nations being able to become self-sufficient , said Gates , rather than relying on foreign aid or philanthropy . "  Why did China get to the point it got to ? " Gates asked . "  Aid was part of it but they got their governance and infrastructure up to a level where they are now going to be a net contributor . That 's a very positive story for 20 percent of the world . "  We need to improve the trade rules , " said Gates . "  The Doha Round would have been very beneficial to Africa . That 's a failure that one hopes would be fixed . " Gates , answering a question submitted by CNN viewer Jairo Martinez on how aid money was monitored , said that health priorities such as AIDs treatment , vaccines and malaria nets were all measurable . "  My foundation says for every dollar we put in , how many lives have we saved ? And , as you save lives , amazingly you actually reduce the population growth and improve the entire ability of the country to move forward . " CNN viewer Phill Elliott asked Gates , through a submitted question , about the importance of the $ 100 laptop , intended to improve access to education in developing nations . Gates replied that educational technology was a priority once more fundamental basics were in place . "  You have got to get your priorities right , " he said . "  When children are dying and vaccines that only costs dollars are n't being delivered , that 's the most important thing . If you do not have food , that 's the most important thing . "	Gates : If people could see direct benefit to nations then aid would not drop off Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sends billions of dollars to developing nations Gates : China is a great example of a nation which has progressed in recent times Quest Means Business : Monday to Friday , 1800 GMT , 2000 CET , 0300 HK
CNN  -- Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will meet next week with the general who 's looking into how the now-freed prisoner of war was captured by the Taliban in 2009 , the Army and his attorney said . Attorney Eugene Fidell told CNN he will know for sure next week exactly when the meeting will take place . Bergdahl has met once before , briefly , with Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl , the point person for the Army 's investigation . The 28-year-old soldier spent five years in the hands of Taliban militants after he disappeared in Afghanistan in June 2009 . After he was released in May in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military , Bergdahl underwent counseling and medical care at a hospital in San Antonio , Texas . The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , but it quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official recently told CNN . Bergdahl is now back on regular duty at the headquarters of U.S. Army North in Texas . He is working with a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . He will eventually be given a position commensurate with his rank of sergeant , the Army said earlier this month . Bergdahl was a private first class when he was captured , and the Army extended his enlistment and twice promoted him on schedule while he was in captivity . A grateful Bergdahl ` understands that his life has been saved , ' lawyer says	Bergdahl and Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl have met once before , briefly Many have called for investigation into Bergdahl 's disappearance , captivity Bergdahl , 28 , is back on regular duty in Texas
CNN  -- A world record was set recently in Houston , Texas . It was n't the world 's fastest quarter-mile run , the world 's largest pumpkin or even the world 's heaviest man . It was , however , as stunning to witness : the world 's largest senior citizen Wii bowling tournament , as confirmed by Guinness World Records . The largest senior citizen Wii bowling tournament also included a health fair and immunization clinic . The event , put on by TexanPlus -- the Houston area 's largest Medicare HMO -- drew more than 1,500 supporters and 600 senior bowlers to break a record but also to have fun and dish out a little bit of Texas-style competition and a side helping of health information . "  I 'm in it to win it , " one man said as he rolled his walker up to the foul line . One booty-shakin ' grandma even showed off her victory dance after she Wii-bowled a strike . Aside from a seniors-gone-wild moment , this event served a very important purpose : to encourage seniors to get stronger and fitter , possibly saving them from life-altering injuries . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , falls are the leading cause of injury-related death in seniors . A fall -- or , worse , a broken bone that limits a senior 's mobility -- can be the start of a downward spiral that ends up taking a life , says Dr. Sheldon Zinberg , founder of a senior fitness center called Nifty After Fifty . "  Those , for example , who have hip fractures are likely not to be alive two years from now , " Zinberg said . "  Fifty percent of them never get out of a nursing home . " Falls are among many concerns for seniors . To help address other life-threatening conditions , such as influenza , high blood pressure , high cholesterol and senior abuse , the event also included a health fair , an immunization clinic and demonstrations on "  cane-fu fighting , " a method of self-defense that makes use of seniors ' canes to ward off attackers . Watch more on the record-breaking bowling tournament " If you 're a senior and Wii bowling is n't up your alley , there are plenty of other steps you can take to prevent falls . According to the American Association of Family Physicians , seniors can reduce their likelihood of falling by making changes in three key areas . Make sure your home is safe Remove objects that may get in your way as you walk , install night lights and handrails in bathrooms , and call friends or family members to take care of small projects that require the use of step-stools or ladders . Talk with your doctor Have your eyes checked for vision changes that may impair your depth perception , ask your doctor about medications that may make you dizzy or disoriented , and use a walking aid , such as a cane or a walker , if your physician recommends it . Get your body in shape Commit to regular exercise , even something as simple as a daily walk around the block . Exercise can help keep you mobile and flexible ; upper-body exercise in particular can help strengthen your breathing muscles . Also , limit your alcohol intake to less than two drinks a day , and if you smoke , quit . As for the Wii bowlers , all the participants -- winners and runners-up -- reported that they were happy they came . "  We were all good , " participant Sarah Pilgreen said . "  I think its very important for us as we get older to stay in sports and whatever we can do . "	World 's largest senior citizen Wii bowling tournament held in Houston , Texas Event , for fun and fitness , also had health fair and immunization clinic Sports like Wii bowling can help seniors develop or maintain balance , strength Falls are leading cause of injury-related death in seniors
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States fears recent weapons purchases by Venezuela could fuel an arms race in South America , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday . Uruguayan President Tabare Vazquez met and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington on Tuesday . "  They outpace all other countries in South America and certainly raise the question as to whether there is going to be an arms race in the region , " Clinton said about Venezuela 's arms deals , after a meeting with Uruguayan President Tabare Vazquez . The Russian government Monday extended $ 2.2 billion in credit to Venezuela to finance arms purchases , including 92 Soviet-era T-72 tanks and short-range missiles with a reach of 55 miles  90 kilometers  . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also said his nation will purchase an anti-aircraft weapons system with a range of 185 miles  300 kilometers  . The planned arms purchases come at a time when Venezuela is at odds with neighboring Colombia over negotiations that would give U.S. troops access to Colombian military bases . Chavez has said his military buildup is in response to the growing U.S. presence in the region , which he calls threatening and dangerous to Latin America . The United States is also concerned about deepening ties between Venezuela and Iran . In addition to ongoing military cooperation , Chavez said in Tehran last week that the Iranian government would help Venezuela develop nuclear technology . In exchange , Venezuela has offered to export gasoline to Iran , which would give Tehran an out if Western nations impose petroleum sanctions over Iran 's nuclear program . Senior administration officials say Venezuela 's attempt at "  sanctions busting " is alarming . Clinton urged Venezuela to be transparent about its weapons purchases . Venezuela , she said , "  should be putting in place in procedures and practices to ensure that the weapons they buy are not diverted to insurgent groups or illegal organizations like drug trafficking gangs and other criminal cartels . " Vazquez voiced concern that an arms race in South America would divert funds from badly needed development in poor countries . "  We should devote our energies and resources to fight against the real scourges of our societies ... such as drug trafficking and terrorism , " he said . "  Instead of spending it in weapons , spending it in housing , good housing for our people , and to further deepen investment , especially in the field of education . "	Russia extends $ 2.2 billion in credit to Venezuela to finance arms purchases Secretary of State Hillary Clinton worries about arms race in South America Relations tense between Venezuela and neighboring Colombia , a U.S. ally Washington worries about Hugo Chavez 's deepening ties to Iran as well
Washington  CNN  -- Americans do n't usually pay a lot of attention to Spanish politics , but the election of 2004 proved an exception . The election that occurred Sunday should be a second . The election of 2004 was seen as a referendum on the Iraq war . Sunday 's election could be seen as a referendum on the euro-elites who so strongly opposed that war . The conservatives who governed Spain in 2004 had strongly aligned themselves with the United States after the 9/11 attacks . In 2003-2004 , Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar gained the limelight -- and endured abuse -- as George Bush 's most prominent ally on the European continent . Aznar joined the Iraq war and cooperated strongly with U.S. counterterrorism efforts . Aznar was swept from power in the election of March 2004 , in an election overshadowed by a terrible terrorist attack three days beforehand : a bombing of Madrid 's central railway station that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 . Aznar 's replacement , Jose Luis Zapatero , ended the Spanish commitment to Iraq and sundered the close relationship with the United States . He introduced same-sex marriage to Spain and granted amnesty to 750,000 illegal aliens . He engaged in flashy diplomatic maneuvers with Turkey and against Israel . Yet even as he jabbed aggressively at hot-button issues , Zapatero was visibly befuddled by Spain 's gathering economic challenges . Indeed for a long time , Zapatero seemed not to comprehend that Spain faced any economic challenges at all . I made a couple of visits to Spain during the early Zapatero years . The officials I talked to then seemed almost giddy with optimism . For centuries , Spain had lagged behind the rest of Europe economically . Now at last the economy was surging . In the early 2000s , average living standards caught up to those of Italy ; if Spain  they said  continued to grow at current rates , it would catch up to France within the decade . Spain created nearly half of all the net new jobs created across the whole continent of Europe in the years between 2000 and 2005 . How ? Now we come to the fine print . If you looked closely , the Spanish economy of the 2000s was a very sick puppy . Spain had signed up for the euro currency back in the 1990s . The currency launched in 2002 . Signing up for a monetary union with Germany created a temporary illusion of wealth for the people of Spain . The German economy is much more productive than the Spanish economy . One way a less productive economy can adjust its trade is by allowing its currency to depreciate . The advent of the euro deprived Spain of that option . Instead , the price of German goods and services steadily declined inside Spain . Result : Between 2002 and the onset of recession in 2008 , the Spanish trade deficit tripled , from 3 % of GDP in 2002 to more than 10 % in 2008 . You might wonder : wait a minute ! If the price of German goods and services declined inside Spain , then logically the price of Spanish goods and services  including vacations  must have risen to Germans . So how did Spain finance its German buying boom ? Answer : The same currency union that cut the cost of buying goods from Germany also cut the cost of borrowing money from Germany . The euro did to the German-Spanish economic relationship exactly what China 's currency manipulation has done to the U.S.-China relationship . Between 2002 and 2008 , Spanish households went on a borrowing binge . They used the borrowed money to build and buy new homes . Through the 2000s , Spain built houses at a rate of 700,000 a year - more than Britain , Germany and France combined . Spain built shopping malls and office buildings to match . By 2008 , construction accounted for a staggering 16 % of the Spanish economy . And all of it was financed by debt : Spanish households accumulated debt equal to 90 % of GDP  only slightly less than U.S. households at the top of the housing bubble  , and Spanish businesses had accumulated debt equal to 205 % of GDP  vastly more than U.S. business has ever borrowed  . Americans well-understand how this game ends . One day , the market loses faith that housing values must endlessly rise . The bubble pops . Asset values tumble . The debts remain . As debtors scramble to service their debts , they cut back their buying of goods and services . That causes a recession , which causes asset values to tumble more , which causes debts to go into default -- and the whole economy painfully unwinds . Spain now faces nearly 22 % unemployment -- Great Depression levels -- and staggering government deficits . The government must cut to balance its books if it is to remain within the euro , but government cutbacks only make it that much more difficult for households and business to service their debts . Zapatero slunk out of town a little while ago . Good riddance to the man who boorishly insulted the American flag at the Spanish National Day parade in 2003 to score a point with the left wing of his political party . Spain 's conservatives scored a crushing victory in the Sunday vote , as the Spanish people try any desperate measure to restore their lost prosperity . But it will take more than an election to do the job . It will take a grand rethink of the whole euro currency project , a rethink that either emancipates Spain to quit the euro and export enough to repay its debts or else reduces the debt enough that Spain can sustain its expensive new currency . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Elections in Spain were a victory for conservatives He says Spanish economic boom was financed by huge debts Unemployment now tops 20 % , and the euro handicaps Spain , he says Frum : Rethinking the Euro is key to solving Spain 's problems
CNN  -- The fate of the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan hinges on his meeting Wednesday with President Barack Obama , who was "  angry " after reading the general 's remarks about colleagues in a magazine profile to be published Friday . Gen. Stanley McChrystal will likely resign , a Pentagon source who has ongoing contacts with the general said . The "  magnitude and graveness " of McChrystal 's mistake in conducting the interview for the article were "  profound , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said McChrystal had "  made a significant mistake and exercised poor judgment . " McChrystal apologized Tuesday for the profile , in which he and his staff appear to mock top civilian officials , including the vice president . Two defense officials said the general fired a press aide over the article , set to appear in Friday 's edition of Rolling Stone . "  I extend my sincerest apology for this profile . It was a mistake reflecting poor judgment and should never have happened , " McChrystal said in a Pentagon statement . "  Throughout my career , I have lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity . What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard . McChrystal has been recalled to Washington to explain his actions to the president . He is expected to meet with Obama in the Oval Office on Wednesday , Gibbs said . Gibbs refused to speculate about McChrystal 's fate , but told reporters "  all options are on the table . " Obama , questioned about McChrystal before a Cabinet meeting Tuesday afternoon , said he had not made a decision . "  I think it 's clear that the article in which he and his team appeared showed poor judgment , but I also want to make sure that I talk to him directly before I make that final decision , " he said . McChrystal is prepared to resign if the president has lost confidence in him , a national security official told CNN . Most of the Pentagon brass , the ofrficial said , hopes he will be upbraided by the commander-in-chief but sent back to continue the mission . The White House will have more to say after Wednesday 's meeting , Gibbs said . He noted , however , that McChrystal did not take part in a teleconference Obama had with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and other top officials on Tuesday . Several elected officials have strongly criticized McChrystal but deferred to the president on the politically sensitive question of whether the general should keep his position . A couple of key congressmen , however , have openly called for McChrystal 's removal . In the profile , writer Michael Hastings writes that McChrystal and his staff had imagined ways of dismissing Vice President Joe Biden with a one-liner as they prepared for a question-and-answer session in Paris , France , in April . The general had grown tired of questions about Biden since earlier dismissing a counterterrorism strategy the vice president had offered . " ` Are you asking about Vice President Biden , ' McChrystal says with a laugh . ` Who 's that ? ' " " ` Biden ? ' suggests a top adviser . ` Did you say : Bite Me ? ' " McChrystal does not directly criticize Obama in the article , but Hastings writes that the general and Obama "  failed to connect " from the outset . Sources familiar with the meeting said McChrystal thought Obama looked "  uncomfortable and intimidated " by the room full of top military officials , according to the article . Later , McChrystal 's first one-on-one meeting with Obama "  was a 10-minute photo op , " Hastings writes , quoting an adviser to McChrystal . "  Obama clearly did n't know anything about him , who he was . Here 's the guy who 's going to run his f -- ing war , but he did n't seem very engaged . The Boss  McChrystal  was disappointed . " The article goes on to paint McChrystal as a man who "  has managed to piss off almost everyone with a stake in the conflict , " including U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry , special representative to Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke and national security adviser Jim Jones . Obama is not named as one of McChrystal 's "  team of rivals . " Of Eikenberry , who railed against McChrystal 's strategy in Afghanistan in a cable leaked to The New York Times in January , the general is quoted as saying , " ` Here 's one that covers his flank for the history books . Now if we fail , they can say , "  I told you so . ' " Hastings writes in the profile that McChrystal has a "  special skepticism " for Holbrooke , the official in charge of reintegrating Taliban members into Afghan society and the administration 's point man for Afghanistan and Pakistan . "  At one point on his trip to Paris , McChrystal checks his BlackBerry , according to the article . ` Oh , not another e-mail from Holbrooke , ' he groans . ' I do n't even want to open it . ' He clicks on the message and reads the salutation out loud , then stuffs the BlackBerry back in his pocket , not bothering to conceal his annoyance . " ` Make sure you do n't get any of that on your leg , ' an aide jokes , referring to the e-mail . " Both Democrats and Republicans have been strongly critical of McChrystal in the wake of the story . House Appropriations Committee chairman David Obey , D-Wisconsin , called McChrystal the latest in a "  long list of reckless , renegade generals who have n't seemed to understand that their role is to implement policy , not design it . " McChrystal is "  contemptuous " of civilian authority and has demonstrated "  a bull-headed refusal to take other people 's judgments into consideration . " Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , became the first member of the Senate Democratic leadership to call for McChrystal to step down , telling CNN that the remarks were "  unbelievably inappropriate and just ca n't be allowed to stand . " Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , deferred to Obama on the question of a possible McChrystal resignation . He said the controversy was sending a message of "  confusion " to troops in the field . I think it has "  a negative effect " on the war effort , he said . Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , urged a cooling off period before a final decision is rendered on the general . My "  impression is that all of us would be best served by just backing off and staying cool and calm and not sort of succumbing to the normal Washington twitter about this for the next 24 hours . " Sens. John McCain of Arizona , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Jim Webb of Virginia -- also key senators on defense and foreign policy issues -- were each strongly critical of McChrystal 's remarks , but noted that the general 's future is a decision for Obama to make . Karzai weighed in from abroad , urging Obama to keep McChrystal as the U.S. commander in Afghanistan . The government in Kabul believes McChrystal is a man of strong integrity who has a strong understanding of the Afghan people and their culture , Karzai spokesman Waheed Omar said . A U.S. military official said Tuesday that McChrystal has spoken to Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Adm. Mike Mullen and other officials referenced in the story , including Holbrooke , Eikenberry and Jones . An official at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul said Eikenberry and McChrystal "  are both fully committed " to Obama 's Afghan strategy and are working together to implement the plan . "  We have seen the article and General McChrystal has already spoken to it , " according to a statement from an embassy official , making reference to McChrystal 's apology . "  I have enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and his national security team , and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war and I remain committed to ensuring its successful outcome , " McChrystal said in the closing to his apology . Rolling Stone executive editor Eric Bates , however , struck a less optimistic tone during an interview with CNN on Tuesday . The comments made by McChrystal and other top military aides during the interview were "  not off-the-cuff remarks , " he said . They "  knew what they were doing when they granted the access . " The story shows "  a deep division " and "  war within the administration " over strategy in Afghanistan , he contended . McChrystal and his staff "  became aware " that the Rolling Stone article would be controversial before it was published , Hastings told CNN Tuesday . He said he "  got word from  McChrystal 's  staff ... that there was some concern " about possible fallout from the story . Obama tapped McChrystal to head the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 shortly after dismissing Gen. David McKiernan . CNN 's John King , Suzanne Malveaux , Barbara Starr , Dana Bash and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Source : McChrystal likely to resign Wednesday NEW : General apologized for "  poor judgment " Obama wants to talk with general before making decision Gibbs says ` all options are on the table ' in deciding McChrystal 's fate
Washington  CNN  -- Facing low approval ratings and constant Republican criticism as his re-election campaign starts up , President Barack Obama challenged Congress on Thursday night to put the good of the nation over political benefit and pass a huge jobs plan he proposed . In a speech to a joint session of Congress , Obama told the legislators to "  stop the political circus and actually do something to help the economy " by quickly approving the $ 447 billion package of measures so he can sign it into law . "  The people of this country work hard to meet their responsibilities . The question tonight is whether we 'll meet ours , " Obama said to applause . "  The question is whether , in the face of an ongoing national crisis , we can stop the political circus and actually do something to help the economy . The question is whether we can restore some of the fairness and security that has defined this nation since our beginning . " Obama also told legislators that they should quickly pass his plan , called the American Jobs Act . "  There should be nothing controversial about this piece of legislation , " the president said . "  Everything in here is the kind of proposal that 's been supported by both Democrats and Republicans -- including many who sit here tonight . And everything in this bill will be paid for . Everything . " Obama said he will ask Congress to increase the $ 1.5 trillion target in deficit reduction being pursued by a special joint congressional committee to cover the cost of the American Jobs Act . He said he will propose his own deficit-reduction plan on September 19 that would reform entitlement programs such as Medicare while changing the tax system to end loopholes , lower the corporate tax rate and increase taxes for the wealthy . In essence , Obama resurrected his push for a so-called "  grand bargain " -- a comprehensive deficit reduction package that includes all the drivers of government spending and deficits , including those traditionally favored and protected by both parties . Republican reaction ranged from an expressed interest in trying to work out compromise to outright rejection and criticism of what was labeled a repeat of failed policies from the past . House Speaker John Boehner , who backed out of talks with Obama on a major deficit reduction-deal deal earlier this year , said the proposals the president outlined "  merit consideration , " and added that he hoped for serious consideration by the White House of Republican ideas . "  It 's my hope that we can work together to end the uncertainty facing families and small businesses , and create a better environment for long-term economic growth and private-sector job creation , " said Boehner , R-Ohio . Conservative Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , was much more critical . "  President Obama , perhaps not knowing what else to do , is simply calling for more of the same , as if giving us more of the failed policies of the last two-and-a-half years will somehow yield different results , " Kyl said in a statement . "  I believe President Obama 's new ` stimulus ' will further delay economic recovery and continue to inflict harm on so many Americans . " The Senate 's top Democrat , meanwhile , said Obama 's proposal will present a "  litmus test " for Republicans . "  I hope they  Republicans  will show the American people that they are more interested in creating jobs than defeating President Obama , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said in a statement . "  Experts from the ratings agencies to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke have said that political gridlock is the main obstacle standing in the way of our economic growth . It is time to put jobs and the economy ahead of partisan politics . " \ That point resonated with veteran Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who joked on CNN that the president 's poll numbers were very bad , but "  have you seen Congress ' numbers ? " "  We seek approval , too , " McCain said . According to Obama , the purpose of the proposed jobs legislation is "  to put more people back to work and more money in the pockets of those who are working . " "  It will create more jobs for construction workers , more jobs for teachers , more jobs for veterans , and more jobs for the long-term unemployed , " Obama said . "  It will provide a tax break for companies who hire new workers , and it will cut payroll taxes in half for every working American and every small business . It will provide a jolt to an economy that has stalled , and give companies confidence that if they invest and hire , there will be customers for their products and services . You should pass this jobs plan right away . " He also told Republicans he would take his case directly to the American people , and called on "  every American who agrees to lift your voice and tell the people who are gathered here tonight that you want action now . " "  Tell Washington that doing nothing is not an option , " Obama said . White House spokesman Jay Carney told CNN that Obama will send Congress jobs plan legislation next week . Obama 's plan comes as unemployment remains lodged at 9.1 % with no new jobs reported in August , raising fears of a possible return to recession . With 14 months to go until the presidential election , he wants the plan -- as well as the speech to Congress to present it -- to clearly illustrate to the American public the ideological differences between his policies and those of the Republican right . The mood in the House chamber was jovial before the speech , with Vice President Joe Biden playfully hugging Speaker John Boehner when he arrived at the dais . Democratic legislators repeatedly applauded during the address . House Republican and White House sources told CNN that Obama called Boehner and McConnell on Thursday afternoon to preview the speech . Even so , a legislative struggle is certain . Republicans call for corporate tax cuts and deregulation as steps to spur job growth , opposing what they label new stimulus spending . The Democratic leader in the Republican-controlled House -- Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California -- asked the ranking Democrats on committees that will consider the legislation proposed by Obama to urge their Republican chairmen to "  schedule immediate hearings and legislative action " on the measures . Boehner , meanwhile , invited 12 business leaders -- dubbed "  job creators " in his statement -- who have been affected by regulations enacted by the administration to attend the speech . These are "  people with real world experience on how the regulations coming out of this administration are impeding their ability to grow their business and create jobs , " Boehner 's statement said . At least five Republicans -- two senators and three House members -- did n't plan to attend the speech , which Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said was more of a political event than a policy statement . "  By all accounts , the president 's so-called jobs plan is to try those very same policies again and then accuse anyone who does n't support them this time around of being political and overly partisan , of not doing what 's needed in this moment of crisis , " McConnell , R-Kentucky , said Thursday morning . "  This is n't a jobs plan . It is a re-election plan . " Anticipating such criticism , Obama said he was proposing needed and logical measures that traditionally receive broad support . "  This is n't political grandstanding . This is n't class warfare . This is simple math , " he said . "  These are real choices that we have to make . And I 'm pretty sure I know what most Americans would choose . It 's not even close . And it 's time for us to do what 's right for our future . " Obama said his plan would increase the current payroll tax cut to put additional money in the pockets of Americans at a cost of $ 175 billion . The current cut , which has cost $ 112 billion so far , allows employees to pay 4.2 % instead of 6.2 % on their first $ 106,800 of wages into Social Security . Obama 's proposal included extended unemployment benefits , which were lengthened to the current 99-week maximum in 2009 . Top Democrats argue that such money will immediately be pumped back into the economy in the form of new consumer spending . In addition , the plan proposes $ 60 billion for infrastructure development such as repairing roads and bridges , including establishment of an infrastructure bank to help finance such projects . Other provisions in the president 's proposal include money to refurbish schools and provide state aid for teachers and first responders , and tax incentives for small businesses to hire the long-term unemployed and military veterans . Looking abroad , the president also renewed his push for congressional approval of stalled free trade deals with South Korea , Colombia and Panama . The measures , despite the congressional roadblock , have relatively broad bipartisan support . The president took aim at tea party conservatives who call for deep spending cuts to shrink government instead of the comprehensive approach he advocates . "  In fact , this larger notion that the only thing we can do to restore prosperity is just dismantle government , refund everyone 's money , let everyone write their own rules , and tell everyone they 're on their own -- that 's not who we are , " Obama said . He repeatedly urged the legislators to "  pass this jobs bill , " using a rhetorical flourish that regularly prompted cheers and applause form Democrats . "  No single individual built America on their own , " Obama said . "  We built it together . We have been , and always will be , one nation , under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all ; a nation with responsibilities to ourselves and with responsibilities to one another . Members of Congress , it is time for us to meet our responsibilities . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Charles Riley , Jessica Yellin , Brianna Keilar , Tom Cohen and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Reid says the plan is a litmus test for Republican intentions Obama wants the $ 447 billion plan paid for by a broader deficit-reduction deal Speaker Boehner says Obama 's proposals merit consideration Other Republicans are more critical , calling the plan more failed stimulus policy
CNN  -- Actor Alec Baldwin told a luncheon crowd at the National Press Club in Washington on Monday what it was like getting kicked off a plane for using his cell phone . "  A very young Asian-American woman , who was a very breathtakingly beautiful woman and very serene , she said , ` Mr. Baldwin , would you gather your things and come with me , please . ' And it just kind of had this narcotic effect on me . It was like ... she just spoke very quietly and very calmly . And they threw me off the plane , " he said . He said it felt like a scene from a Michael Mann movie "  where you would expect really smart writing and great acting . " Baldwin was kicked off the American Airlines flight in December when he was accused of refusing to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed . Baldwin was in Washington Monday to promote federal funding for the arts . In his remarks he pointed out that spending for the arts stimulates economic spending . The "  30 Rock " actor is currently under contract to promote Capital One Bank . "  Becoming a spokesperson for a bank at the time of the banking collapse and at the genesis of the Occupy Wall Street movement was not a goal of mine in my career , " he told the crowd . He says all of his proceeds from that deal flow through his foundation and go to arts funding .	Baldwin was accused of refusing to turn off his cell phone on the plane He said it felt like a scene from a Michael Mann movie Baldwin was in Washington Monday to promote federal funding for the arts
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova was forced to call on all her resilience to ensure her place in the semifinals of the French Open Tuesday . The World No. 8 endured a nightmare opening set , losing it 6-1 to Spain 's Garbine Muguruza , before launching an impressive fightback . Sharapova , who was beaten in last year 's final , won the second set 7-5 before taking the decider 6-1 . The Russian , who won at Roland Garros in 2012 , will now face Canada 's rising star Eugenie Bouchard . "  I came across a player playing with such confidence and I knew it was going to be a tough match , " Sharapova told the WTA website . "  I had a tough start but luckily I had a good finish . "  She was playing so aggressive at the start , but also I was n't really helping myself with my movement or serving . " Sharapova , seeded seventh , made a dreadful start to the contest and fell 4-0 behind before finally winning a game . Murguruza , who defeated defending champion Serena Williams 6-2 6-2 earlier in the tournament , played with a verve and quality which belied her age . After conceding the first set , she slowly got to grips with 21-year-old Muguruza , who was playing in her first ever grand slam quarterfinal . There was heartbreak for another Spaniard in the other quarterfinal after Carla Suarez Navarro threw away a 4-1 advantage in the final set . Bouchard , ranked 16th in the world , appeared to be heading out of the tournament but fought back to take the match 7-6 2-6 7-5 . It is a second successive grand slam semifinal for Bouchard , who was beaten in straight sets by Li Na at the Australian Open earlier this year . "  I want to thank everyone here for creating such a great atmosphere , " Bouchard said after the match . "  I did n't expect to play such a tough match . She played really well and is a great clay court player . "  At the end of the third set I thought I was getting the upper hand began to believe that I could win . "  I 'm just excited to be in the semifinals and to stay a little longer in Paris . I 'm just going to enjoy myself in the semifinals . " Djokovic Meanwhile , Novak Djokovic moved into the semifinals of the men 's draw with a straight sets win over Canada 's Milos Raonic . The World No. 2 , who has never won at Roland Garros , prevailed 7-5 7-6 6-4 to set up a clash with Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis . The Serb will make his 22nd appearance in a grand slam sem-final and his 14th in his last 15 major appearances . Djokovic is now just two wins away from becoming the eighth man in history to complete the career grand slam . But standing in his way is the exciting Gulbis , who will compete in his first ever grand slam semifinal . Gulbis , seeded 18th , overcame Tomas Berdych 6-3 6-2 6-4 to build on his impressive victory over 17 - time grand slam winner Roger Federer . "  It 's very special , " Gulbis said in an on-court interview . "  Today was the best match of the tournament . I did everything well . "	Maria Sharapova through to semifinals of French Open Sharapova defeated Garbine Muguruza 1-6 7-5 6-1 Russian will face Eugenie Bouchard in last four Novak Djokovic to take on Ernests Gulbis
Budget Travel  -- If you book hotels online , it 's time to face facts : Your favorite travel website probably is n't cutting it . In the past decade , some of the best-known travel sites have lost their fastball . They 're not as smart and nimble as the new kids on the Web that now have tools for smarter comparison shopping , searches for smaller B&B s and niche neighborhoods , and access to blocks of rooms reserved for its members . Before you try these , one word of caution : No single site is the be-all-and-end-of-all of hotel booking . We recommend using at least two search tools , such as your current favorite online travel agency and one of the hotel shopping engines we 've named here , to max out your chances of nabbing the perfect room or upgrade . Happy shopping ! BackBid Best for : Travelers who like the idea of hotel owners competing for their business . What it does : Hoteliers often hold back a handful of rooms to sell to last-minute guests , but they do n't always fill them . You can book one of these rooms as they 're released by logging on to BackBid , which enables hotels to sell rooms to travelers who already have confirmed bookings at rival properties . How it works : Book a refundable reservation at a hotel through your favorite website , and then create a free account at BackBid . Forward the email with your confirmed hotel reservation to the site , and it will shoot your reservation details -- minus your credit card information -- to dozens of hotels at your destination . BackBid will then share with you any counter-offers rival hotels may make , such as a comparable room at a lower rate . DealBase Best for : Travelers who want an independent source to vouch for the honesty of vacation package prices . What it does : Many hotels tout packages that include perks , such as valet parking and a spa treatment , claiming that the package prices represent deep discounts over buying the components separately . DealBase vets each package for its true value . How it works : Use DealBase to pick a hotel package at your destination , then click on the listing for a breakdown of the estimated costs of the package 's components .  The site even publishes a list of the "  worst " hotel deals . Budget Travel : 12 elevators you need to see to believe HotelSweep Best for : Travelers who prefer staying at independently owned properties . What it does : Founded this year , HotelSweep lists more than 50,000 U.S. hotels , motels , B&B s , and guesthouses , scraping listings off countless websites .  A British version , hotelsweep.co.uk , does the same thing for lodging in the United Kingdom . One of the perks of the site is that it lists mom-and-pop properties -- places that generally aim to attract budget-conscious travelers , but are too small to afford the costs of being listed with multinational travel agencies . How it works : Punch your destination into HotelSweep 's "  direct hotel search " tool , and the site will fetch a quick-and-dirty list of properties , which you can sort by nightly rate or distance from a particular location . A Google Street View image of the property is provided , but it 's up to you to take the next step and contact the managers and book a room . If that is too much work , HotelSweep also has a "  live price comparison " tool , which is a standard booking engine powered by HotelsCombined.com , an Australian rival to Kayak , though it does n't include all of the mom-and-pop listings that turn up in the "  direct hotel search " tool . Hipmunk Best for : Culture vultures and nightlife fans who want to stay in the buzziest neighborhoods . What it does : Previously a metasearch site for airfare , Hipmunk last year added hotels to its repertoire . One of its signature tricks is to allow a traveler to name his or her favorite interest , such as nightlife , shopping , and museum-hopping , and the site will filter its listings to only display hotels in neighborhoods with an especially high number of relevant venues , such as bars , boutiques , and museums . How it works : Run a search for a hotel like you would on any travel site , and Hipmunk retrieves real-time rates from booking sites , such as Orbitz , Getaroom , Hotels.com , HotelsCombined , and vacation rental platform Airbnb . Hipmunk also assigns an "  ecstasy " rating to each hotel , based on an evaluation of the property 's rates , amenities , and user reviews on TripAdvisor . Budget Travel : 15 food etiquette rules that might surprise you Momondo Best for : Travelers booking hotels overseas who have been disappointed by the selection on U.S.-based travel agencies . What it does : In 2010 , Momondo , moved beyond being a flight metasearch engine and now lists hotels from major overseas hotel booking sites , such as Escapio and Hotelopia , which tend to be overlooked by U.S.-based travel sites like Expedia . It also includes an option to search for hostels . How it works : Like Kayak , you enter your search query , and the site draws up a list of rates from various online travel agencies and hotel sites . Room 77 Best for : Travelers whose priority is a room with the most amenities . What it does : Room 77 is unique in researching room-by-room amenities and floor plans for hundreds of three - to five-star hotels in about 30 North American , European , and Asian cities . It then facilitates booking a particular type of room . How it works : Room 77 works like a typical hotel search engine , only it goes into much greater detail about the amenities available in individual rooms at hotels , such as what the view might be from any given window . Guests who book directly through Room 77 can take advantage of its free "  room concierge " feature , in which it contacts hotel managers on a guest 's behalf to request a room matching his or her preferences , such as "  connecting rooms " and "  distance from elevators . " There are no guarantees , but the site claims that its customers have a high satisfaction rate with its concierge service . Budget Travel : 21 girl trips you absolutely love Room Key Best for : Travelers who prefer the consistency and quality control of U.S.-owned chain hotels , and do n't want to be distracted with information about other places . What it does : Seven hotel chains -- Best Western , Choice Hotels  Comfort Inn , Quality Inn  , Hilton , Hyatt , InterContinental  Holiday Inn , Crowne Plaza , Hotel Indigo  , Marriott , and Wyndham  Howard Johnson , Ramada , Days Inn , Super 8  -- are listing their rooms together in a new search engine . Unlike major online travel agencies like Expedia and Priceline , Room Key limits its selection to chains , eliminating most of the uncertainty about what kind of hotel you might end up with . How it works : Punch in your destination and travel dates and the site brings up a list of relevant hotels , which you can winnow down using the standard tools , such as distance , price , and star rating . When you decide to book , you 're sent directly to a hotel owned website , where you 'll need to enter your credit card number to book the room . Booking directly with the hotel cuts out the middleman and earns you customer loyalty points . YourRoomKey Best for : Travelers looking mostly for American business-type hotels . What it does : Finds the cheapest rooms at major-brand hotels located at America 's largest airports and financial districts -- and nearly nowhere else . How it works : This consolidator has access to rooms at a volume discount with major brands like Hyatt and Marriott at most major U.S. airports  especially Chicago , Denver , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , San Francisco , and Washington , D.C.  . By only allowing members to see deals , the site is able to offer rates much lower than major chains and websites with lowest-price guarantees offered to the general public . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Use DealBase to pick a hotel package and to get a breakdown of the estimated costs HotelSweep is best for travelers who prefer staying at independently owned properties Room 77 works like a typical search engine , only it goes into greater detail on hotel amenities
