London , England  CNN  -- A collection of wills reveals Karl Marx died a poor man and Charles Darwin left behind a large estate , an ancestry website said Wednesday . The England and Wales National Probate Calendar , 1861-1941 , reveals the value of more than 6 million estates , including some left by famous people . It was published online Wednesday for the first time by Ancestry.co.uk . The records show the anti-capitalist Marx died in 1883 leaving 250 pounds  23,000 pounds today  -- $ 395  $ 36,000 today  -- to his youngest daughter , Eleanor . The famous Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton left even less on his death in 1922 -- just 556 pounds  20,000 pounds today  -- $ 878  $ 31,600 today  . The website said he lost his fortune in failed money-making schemes while allegedly trying to recapture the adventure of his youth . Darwin , by contrast , left a personal estate worth 146,911 pounds  around 13 million pounds today  -- $ 232,000  $ 20.5 million today  -- when he died in 1882 , the website said . "  Probate " refers to the court 's authority to adminster a deceased person 's estate . That power lay with the church until 1857 , when the state took it over and began putting together the records published Wednesday , Ancestry.co.uk said . The records show the average value of a person 's will during the period was 3,400 pounds  $ 5,363  , with some wills leaving as little as 10 pounds  $ 15.75  , the website said . Entries also reveal details about the fate of the deceased , such as Edward John Smith , captain of the Titanic . His will says he was "  lost at sea , " along with passengers Bejamin Guggenheim and John Astor , and the ship 's builder , Thomas Andrews . The wills show John Cadbury , who created the eponymous chocolate empire , left a personal estate of 43,773 pounds  around 4.2 million pounds today  -- $ 69,000  $ 6.6 million  -- when he died in 1889 . Several famous authors left substantial estates when they died , according to the records . Charles Dickens , author of Oliver Twist and Great Expectations , left "  effects under 80,000 pounds "  around 7.1 million pounds today  -- $ 126,000  $ 11.2 million today  -- when he died in 1870 . The author of the Sherlock Holmes detective stories , Arthur Conan Doyle , died in 1931 with 63,491 pounds  3,000,000 pounds today  -- $ 100,000  $ 4.7 million today  . A smaller but still notable amount was in the estate left by Lewis Carroll , who wrote Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . He died in 1898 leaving 4,145 pounds  450,000 pounds today  -- $ 6,500  $ 710,000 today  . The database can be useful to those researching their family history , helping them learn more about their relative 's social standing and worldly possessions , Ancestry.co.uk said . In addition to the estate 's value , each entry may also include the name of the deceased person , the date and place of their death , and , in some cases , bequest recipients .	The wills are published online for the first time They show Karl Marx died a poor man , but Charles Darwin was wealthy Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton did not leave much , either There are also entries for Charles Dickens and Lewis Carroll
CNN  -- It was tense , nerve-shredding , prime-time viewing . No , not the new series of "  Boardwalk Empire , " but a soccer match with 31 penalties . Tuesday 's English League Cup match between Liverpool and second division Middlesbrough was a marathon encounter which finally came to a conclusion at 10:42 pm local time -- almost three hours after it had kicked off . Level at 1-1 after 90 minutes at Liverpool 's Anfield stadium and locked together at 2-2 after two hours of play , the two teams began a record-breaking penalty shootout . After all 11 players on both teams -- including the two goalkeepers -- had taken a spot kick , only two penalties had been missed . As a result , with the score in the shootout level at 10-10 , the first penalty takers had to go again . The success both teams enjoyed from 12 yards made for a surreal spectacle , with Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli letting a wry smile slip when he converted for the second time in the shootout . But , as always in these heartbreaking football deciders , there has to be a fall guy . That was Middlesbrough 's Albert Adomah , who sliced his penalty wide of the goal to give Liverpool the win . The final score in the shootout was 14-13 , with both teams having taken 15 penalties each . When you include the penalty scored by Middlesbrough substitute Patrick Bamford to make the score 2-2 in the dying moments of extratime , there was a grand total of 31 spot kicks in an extraordinary match -- a competition record . "  I do n't have words to explain my feelings now , " Middlesbrough manager , and former Real Madrid No. 2 , Aitor Karanka remarked after the match . "  I 've never experienced anything like that before . We have played a Champions League team at Anfield and we 've met them face to face . Everything was brilliant except the last penalty . " For Liverpool , it ended a run of back-to-back defeats in the Premier League . "  I was obviously pleased to get through and that experience , even though it was a long night for everyone , was great for our young players , " said Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , whose starting 11 included the 17-year-old Jordan Rossister . "  It 's good to win , no matter how you win , " added Rodgers . "  It was very difficult -- even the ` keepers scored . It was really good quality . You can see why Middlesbrough are up near the top of the Championship  England 's second tier ,  they are a good side and are organized . "  We wish them luck now for the rest of their season . "	Liverpool and Middlesbrough contest a record-breaking penalty shootout The EPL team won the shootout 14-13 after 30 penalties had been taken Middlesbrough 's Patrick Bamford also scored from the spot during the match The score was level at 2-2 after 120 minutes of play
Conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer called President Barack Obama 's planned executive action on immigration "  impeachable . " "  I believe it is an impeachable offense , " Krauthammer said Wednesday night on Fox News , when asked about Obama 's reported proposals to use executive orders to make changes to the immigration system . Krauthammer added that Obama 's plans to shield certain undocumented immigrants from deportation via executive order would be a "  flagrant assault on the Constitution . " Krauthammer 's remarks could revive talk of impeachment in conservative circles , months after former Gov. Sarah Palin sparked a firestorm this summer when she called for Obama 's impeachment after he first announced his plans to use his executive order power to act on immigration reform . "  It 's time to impeach , " Palin wrote in a Breitbart op-ed in July . "  The many impeachable offenses of Barack Obama can no longer be ignored . If after all this he 's not impeachable , then no one is . " Democrats jumped on those comments this summer to force GOP leaders to address the possibility of impeachment and , ultimately , reject that possibility . The House of Representatives instead voted this summer to approve plans for a lawsuit against Obama for overreaching on changes to the Affordable Care Act . Could immigration cause another government shutdown ? Even Krauthammer conceded this summer that impeachment would be "  political suicide " for Republicans . For many tea party conservatives , Obama 's executive action plans on immigration reform were the last straw in a long line of grievances of what they claim to be executive overreach since Obama has been in office . Others who have called for Obama 's impeachment or said it should be strongly considered include conservative firebrand Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and tea party favorite Rep. Steve King of Iowa among others .	Charles Krauthammer called Obama 's plans for immigration order ` impeachable ' The conservative columnist made his remarks on Fox News on Thursday Conservative activists and politicians have brought up impeachment over immigration before
CNN  -- Spain 's Dani Pedrosa kept alive his slim hopes of landing a first MotoGP title win after coming out on top in Aragon . Pedrosa , who is 33 points behind current leader and 2010 champion Jorge Lorenzo , claimed his fourth victory of the season in stunning style . Lorenzo closes on MotoGP title with San Marino win The race was marred by a big crash when Ducati 's Nicky Hayden was thrown over the top of his bike after colliding with a wall . But after being taken to the medical centre for assessment , the 2006 world champion was given the all-clear . Andrea Dovizioso finished third in an action-packed race , which turned in Pedrosa 's favour with 17 laps remaining . Starting behind polesitter Lorenzo , the Honda rider managed to pass his title rival and claim a vital victory . Germany 's Stefan Bradl had looked set to make his first podium until he crashed out , leaving Dovizioso to stand alongside Pedrosa and Lorenzo . Britain 's Carl Crutchlow finished fourth with Yamaha 's Ben Spies in fifth and Spain 's Alvaro Bautista in sixth . Jonathan Rea came home in seventh , ahead of Valentino Rossi , Karel Abraham and Aleix Espargargo .	Dani Pedrosa claims victory at Aragon GP The 27-year-old has won four races so far this season Jorge Lorenzo leads title race by 33 points with 4 races remaining Race for the title continues in Japan in two weeks time
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration is giving General Motors 60 days worth of financing for restructuring , according to senior administration officials . General Motors ' Rick Wagoner , CEO of the company since 2000 , is on his way out , sources say . Chrysler will receive as much as $ 6 billion and 30 days to complete an agreement with Italian automaker Fiat , the officials said . Meanwhile , White House and GM sources told CNN Sunday that GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner will resign as part of the federal government 's bailout strategy for the troubled automaker . Wagoner 's departure comes as President Obama is expected to announce Monday the latest details of the government 's plans for restructuring GM and Chrysler LLC , which have been pushed to the brink by huge losses and a sharp decline in sales . Fritz Henderson , GM 's chief operating officer , is expected to be named GM 's interim CEO , according to two GM sources . A GM spokesman declined to comment on reports of Wagoner 's resignation . A company statement said : "  We are anticipating an announcement soon from the administration regarding the restructuring of the U.S. auto industry . " GM and Chrysler face a Tuesday deadline to prove to the Treasury Department that they can be viable in the long term . Without such a finding , the government can recall the $ 13.4 billion it already loaned to GM and the $ 4 billion it loaned to Chrysler . Wagoner , a 32-year company veteran , has been CEO of General Motors since 2000 . Before becoming CEO , he was chief operating officer and led the company 's North American operations . He also served as chief financial officer from 1992 to 1994 . A senior GM official official told CNN that the White House and its auto task force had "  sent very clear signals " that the key to more help was "  new leadership " and something that would help the administration see real change . General Motors has been hit hard as auto sales have plummeted . Sales have continued to tumble through the early months of this year , falling 40 percent across the industry and about 50 percent at GM and Chrysler . The companies and industry analysts have slashed their sales estimates for the year , and that has heightened the need for more loans to keep GM and Chrysler afloat . Last month , the two companies filed reports on their restructuring efforts . GM said it needed up to $ 16.6 billion more in loans . Chrysler asked for an additional $ 5 billion , and said it would need the money by the end of March to avoid running out of cash . The Obama administration had been widely expected to approve the requests . Obama has repeatedly spoken about the importance of saving the struggling auto industry , and on March 19 , the Treasury Department announced $ 5 billion in federal help for GM 's and Chrysler 's auto parts suppliers . CNN 's Kate Bolduan and John King contributed to this report .	Departure of General Motors ' CEO part of government 's bailout strategy , sources say GM official : White House signaled that "  new leadership " was key to more aid Officials : GM to get 60 days of financing ; Chrysler could get $ 6 billion GM , Chrysler were told to prove viability to Treasury Department by Tuesday
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- "  To insure or not to insure ? " It is n't Shakespeare , but it is the dramatic question Hollywood filmmakers are asking about Lindsay Lohan following her legal troubles this week . Lindsay Lohan may still get work after her legal problems are settled , but the cost will be high . It is an important question , too , because whether companies insure Lohan 's future movies may determine whether she will quickly fall off Hollywood 's A-list . But Lohan fans have little to fear because no actor is uninsurable , say underwriting experts . While some producers may balk at conditions for hiring problematic stars , experts say that unless an actor is serving time in prison , even the most volatile can be covered -- albeit at a high cost . "  For a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , " said Ross Miller , partner with insurance brokerage D.R. Reiff & Associates Inc. . Lohan 's arrest this week in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left Hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in Disney films like "  The Parent Trap , " is too risky to cast in a film . Timeline : Lindsay Lohan 's troubles " It remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in "  Poor Things , " a film produced by and starring Oscar-winner Shirley MacLaine . See a gallery of Lohan 's films " A statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by Lohan , will proceed with or without her . Insurance experts say the industry has long dealt with similar situations , although they may seem more frequent with the recent heavy media scrutiny of Lohan and fellow troubled party girls Paris Hilton and Britney Spears . "  I do n't think it  a problematic artist  is any more of an issue , " said Wendy Diaz , entertainment underwriting director at Fireman 's Fund Insurance Co. , the leading film underwriter . "  It 's pretty standard year to year . " But Diaz did say the terms for covering Lohan would likely be "  serious at this point . " She said Fireman 's Fund , in such a case , would likely put in higher deductibles , or ask the star to put their salary into escrow to pay for any losses if production was disrupted . Last July , a producer on Lohan 's last film , "  Georgia Rule , " scolded her publicly for repeatedly showing up late on the set , costing the movie 's makers hundreds of thousands of dollars . Brian Kingman , a managing director with entertainment insurance broker Aon/Albert G. Ruben said covering situations like Lohan 's required a lot of calculation and risk management . Insurance rates for errant actors can range anywhere from 1 percent to 3 percent of a movie 's production budget , which can range from $ 5 million to $ 100 million or more , he said . "  Filmmakers fall in love with certain actors for certain roles and my job is to find risk-takers to take on the risk , " Kingman said . He said actors were always required to undergo a medical exam before getting insurance . In certain circumstances , drug screening is conducted and actors are required to provide blood and urine samples . In cases of known drug abuse , "  minders " are sometimes required on set to keep an eye on the actor . Kingman said he had even helped craft policies for actors in the event they risked the possibility of incarceration . "  I have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , " he said , citing the case of Robert Downey Jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Because of troubles , Lindsay Lohan likely difficult to insure Lohan supposed to appear in Shirley MacLaine film "  Poor Things " Insurance rates may cost 1 to 3 percent of film 's production budget
CNN  -- It now seems like a lifetime ago that a young man in Circleville , Ohio , first pinned the Pickaway County sheriff 's badge to his shirt . It was 1965 , and he had just beaten the man who took the office from his daddy four years earlier . The young man is 80 now , with a lawman son of his own . But Dwight E. Radcliff is still wearing that badge . He is believed to be the longest-serving sheriff in the United States . Radcliff says he did n't set out to make history , and that it recently "  struck me that enough is enough . " He has decided to hang up his holster for good . From running the jailhouse to rounding up criminals , Radcliff witnessed the best and worst his fellow man had to offer during 12 terms as sheriff . He has worked for the department since 1953 , when he started at the bottom as a deputy . "  I 'm just thankful to the citizens of Pickaway County for seeing fit to elect me . " Radcliff recently told CNN in a telephone interview . "  It 's been an enjoyable career and I 'd love to do it again . " While Radcliff says he 's ready for retirement , his wife of 58 years , Betty , is n't so sure . "  He does n't golf , he does n't bowl , he does n't dance , " she said . "  I do n't know what he 's going to do . " For starters , he will try to keep the sheriff 's business in the family . His father , Charles Radcliff , was the Pickaway County sheriff from 1931 to 1961 . Now , his son , Robert B. Radcliff , 50 , is hoping voters will choose him on November 6 to succeed his dad and become the county 's third Sheriff Radcliff . "  I never take anything for granted , " Robert Radcliff said of his chances at the polls . "  But it 's been going good , it 's been very positive . " Pickaway County , population 55,000 or so , derives its name from the Pekowi band of Shawnee Indians . It is a slice of agricultural America near the center of Ohio and is also know for its golf courses . The county 's most popular event is the annual Circleville Pumpkin Show , which is held each year on the third Wednesday in October . A Democrat like his father , the younger Radcliff is a veteran law enforcement officer . He spent 32 years climbing the ranks from deputy to lieutenant before retiring in February . "  My father never wanted to show any favoritism , " he said , "  I was there for 12 years before I was promoted . Working for your dad was n't easy . We butted heads a lot . " Dwight Radcliff was raised to be a lawman . He was born in the official sheriff 's residence , located inside the old jail . What was confinement to the inmates was home to three generations of Radcliffs . "  I was the matron , " his wife , Betty , recalled . "  I took care of all the adult women and the juvenile boys and girls , and that was quite an experience . " A new lockup replaced the old jailhouse 20 years ago . The sheriff 's staff , which began with just a small handful , now numbers more than 100 . Dwight Radcliff still goes to work on Sundays and holidays . He has 10 walkie-talkies in the house -- including one in the bathroom , and another in the laundry , said his wife . But if his dedication remains the same , many other aspects to the jobs have changed over the years . "  When I first ran for the office , there were a lot of things you can do with a handshake without worrying about the controversy , " Dwight Radcliff said . "  And where I find it very difficult is the way criminal statutes have changed . The maneuvers you have to go through in the courts , it seems you have roadblocks wherever you go . " Those obstacles make the pursuit of justice more difficult , the sheriff says . "  I 'm the kind of person that feels if you do something , you commit a crime , you pay , " he explains . "  I do n't want somebody charged that is not guilty . It used to be if someone was arrested they would have to get their own attorney , now all they got to do is say they do n't have the funds and the state appoints a public defender and that 's added money . You ca n't take a chance today . " Radcliff is passionate about his profession . "  He 's given 24/7 , " wife Betty said . "  As sheriff , he never gets away . We 've sat down for Thanksgiving dinner and he 'd get a call and we would n't see him for 24 hours . He never stopped to eat , he would keep going until he got his man . And I understood that . " It 's in Radcliff 's blood , their son agrees . "  He demands so much . He wants to know everything that 's going on . He lives it , eats it , breathes it . " Asked what the hardest part of the job is , Sheriff Radcliff does n't hesitate : "  When you have to go to a motor vehicle accident and notify the next of kin . The knock on the door and the mom in her bathrobe answers and you have to tell them that her son was just killed . " Retiring will give Dwight Radcliff more time to spend with his children and grandchildren . He and his wife will get the chance to do things they never could while he was on the job . "  Our health is still good and we better take what time we have and enjoy ourselves instead of looking back and saying ' I wish we did this , ' " he said , adding that he leaves without regrets and knows he did the best he could . And he said he 's ready for some down time . "  If anyone does n't like me because of what I 've done , so let it be , " he said . I 've done my job . "	Pickaway County , Ohio , Sheriff Dwight E. Radcliff is nation 's longest-serving sheriff Now 80 , the Ohio sheriff plans to step down after the November 6 election He first won office in 1965 , was elected to 12 terms Radcliff 's father , Charles , was sheriff and his son , Robert , is running for the office
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Variations of two deadly superbugs that had previously only been discovered in the United States have surfaced in South America . Variations of two U.S. strains of killer bacteria have cropped up in South America , researchers say . The drug-resistant microorganisms are sweeping across communities in Colombia and have the potential to unleash devastating results , according to researchers at The University of Texas Medical School at Houston . "  The people of Colombia are not aware this is coming . It is killing people here and it is going to kill a lot of people there if we do n't act quickly , " Dr. Cesar Arias , one of the lead researchers of the study , told CNN . The study , which was carried out with the Universidad El Bosque in Bogota , was published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Thursday . The bugs that have emerged in Colombia are genetically related to two strains of bacteria -- MRSA and VREF -- that have spread across the United States . MRSA , or methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , was once spread mainly in hospitals . In recent years , a number of people not in contact with hospitals have presented with the disease , which is a leading cause of severe skin infections in the United States . VREF , which stands for vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium , mainly arises in hospitals and infects people in critical care units . Both so-called superbugs can cause lethal infections and are resistant to antibiotics . There were no known cases of this type of MRSA in Colombia before 2005 , and no cases of VREF before 2001 , the study said . But a total of 15 MRSA infections have been reported in Colombia in recent years and some 50 cases of VREF have been identified since it was first documented in the country . The MRSA strain has also been found in Ecuador and Venezuela . For some reason , the bacteria in South America are acting in a similar way as their genetic forebears in the United States , Arias , who is an assistant professor of infectious diseases at the UT Medical School at Houston , said . They are becoming more resistant and spreading the same way , Arias explained . "  The dramatic thing is the first 15 patients who had this disease presented out of hospital , and 20 percent of these patients died , " he said . Researchers are tracking the cases to see how the organisms got to South America . The focus now , Arias said , is to establish the link between the two regions and to figure out how to control their spread .	Superbugs that can cause lethal infections are hitting South America The germs are genetically related to two strains of bacteria found in the U.S. Researchers are tracking cases to understand how the organisms got there
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The man suspected in the recent rash of telephoned bomb threats to businesses across the United States has been tied to other crimes , including a Miami Beach , Florida , bank robbery and a wire fraud case in New York , law enforcement sources said Wednesday . Wal-Mart employees gather outside a store in Newport , Rhode Island , after a bomb threat . Two federal officials familiar with the investigation said the suspect is 27-year-old Portuguese citizen Allan Sharif . CNN has previously reported the person responsible for the threats was believed to be in Portugal . "  We thought we got him over the weekend , but it turns out we did n't , " said one federal law enforcement source who asked not to be identified . However , a second official said the reports of Sharif 's near-capture were untrue . But both officials agreed Sharif is the man they want . The FBI , which is leading the investigation into the threats , refused to comment on the identity of the suspect . Authorities have tied telephoned threats to at least 24 banks and stores in at least 15 states to Sharif and have confirmed that in some cases businesses paid ransoms in the face of the bomb threats , the sources told CNN . Federal investigators said a bank heist in Miami Beach in March may have marked the beginning of the telephone extortion attempts . In that case , authorities said an alleged accomplice walked into the bank with a suitcase , as a man telephoned from Portugal demanding the tellers give his on-the-scene associate $ 20,000 . The alleged accomplice was arrested and faces federal charges in Florida . The FBI said the recent flurry of threatening calls from Portugal appears to have started in Portland , Oregon , in mid-August . The most recent calls were received Friday by a Wal-Mart store and grocery outlets in Ohio . Sharif is not a stranger to federal law enforcement officials . The Secret Service sought him on wire fraud charges for which he was indicted in New York in 2005 , authorities said . The fugitive-hunting U.S. Marshals Service also acknowledged their interest in pursuing Sharif but declined to provide details . Federal authorities said they were getting good international cooperation in the case , and although there have been no bombs discovered and no injuries , each of the threatening calls has disrupted businesses and required intensive investigation by local police and federal agents . E-mail to a friend	Two federal officials : Suspect is Portuguese citizen Allan Sharif , 27 Sources : Sharif tied to Miami Beach bank robbery ; wire fraud in New York Officials looking for Sharif ; the FBI refuses to comment on suspect 's identity Sources : Sharif tied to threats to at least 24 banks , stores in 15 states
CNN  Just about every day on Facebook , I see posts by parents asking for advice related to their children . Granted , many of my friends are parents , but I imagine you see similar posts when you log on as well . And pretty much every time I read one , I wonder about the pluses and minuses of a world in which many parents now head to their social networks to make parenting decisions . Sure , getting advice on how to get a toddler to sleep through the night or how to deal with a fussy eater makes sense and seems relatively harmless . But is there something creepy about picking a baby name based on Internet responses or deciding on a punishment based on the opinions of followers ? Last year , an expectant father created a website , NameMyDaughter.com , allowing anyone on the Internet to suggest and vote on a baby name for his daughter . 10 signs you might be addicted to your smartphone Thankfully for his child , who was born in April , he and his wife reportedly did not go with the winning name of "  Cthulhu . " Instead , they chose the second place name , Amelia . My question : How is Amelia or any other child named by strangers online going to feel when they learn the origin of their name ? "  I am sure the child will be happy to know that her name was approved of by thousands of strangers she will never meet , " said Vicki Hoefle , author of the book "  Duct Tape Parenting : A Less is More Approach to Raising Respectful , Responsible , and Resilient Kids . " "  Can you imagine the outrage an adult would have if , say , a guy crowdsourced whether he should propose or not ? " asked Hoefle , a mom of five who has spent the past two decades working with families on parenting . Asking not just your followers but random strangers to choose a name for your child is no doubt one of the more extreme examples of crowdsourced parenting , but what about deciding discipline based on social media responses or asking for help with deeply personal issues such as a child 's depression or anxiety , or a case of bullying , or a child 's exploration of sex ? Replace the ` sex talk ' with the ` tech talk ' ? In conversations over email with parents across the country , I found a real split in opinions about whether using social media to help parent is positive or inappropriate . Put mom of four Janeane Davis in the positive camp . She said that since many of us live far away from our parents and friends , "  social media crowdsourcing is a quick way of getting a lot of opinions and ideas at one time . " Davis , founder of the blog Janeane 's World , said she only crowdsourced for her children once . "  I asked people how they got their sons to behave better at home and school . I did get some good ideas . I tried one of them , and it worked , " said Davis , who said she 'd do it again . Louise Sattler , a mom of two grown children in Los Angeles , also believes crowdsourced parenting is OK in certain cases . "  We use to call it getting advice during coffee klatches , " said Sattler , a school psychologist , educational consultant and owner of a business providing sign language instruction . 28 web abbreviations parents should know Pam Moore , host of the blog Whatevs , believes there is an age limit on when it 's no longer OK to discuss a child 's behavior on social media and ask for help regarding that behavior , even though she admits she 's not quite sure what that key age is . "  Whether it 's tantrums in kindergarten or wetting the bed at age 9 ... I believe children still have the right to some privacy about their lives , " said Moore , a mom of two who writes about motherhood , marathons and life in Boulder , Colorado . "  I think that if you are n't sure whether to post something about your kid on Facebook , ask yourself how the child  and you  would feel if he or she ever came across it at the age of 12 . If you would n't want him or her to see it on your timeline , then it 's probably not a great idea to post it on Facebook . " There are things that happen within the family that do not need to be aired in public , said Tracey Koch , a mom of two and nurse practitioner who works with teens in Lewiston , Idaho . Chances are , your teen has sexted "  I think you are risking your child essentially shutting down if you publicly discuss punishment over social media . The postings are too easily shared , and information spreads too widely . " Beth Engelman , a mom of a 9-year-old in Chicago , agrees . She also thinks parenting by crowdsourcing , which can lead to a multitude of suggestions , can be overwhelming and make parents feel less secure about their own instincts . "  I think the ease in which parents can go to social media often chips away at their confidence to trust their gut , " said Engelman , co-founder of the blog Mommy on a Shoestring . "  The more you are reliant on others to help you make decisions , the less confident you feel making decisions on your own . " Another issue , said educational psychologist , consultant and parenting coach Lori Day , is when parents rely on social media , when they should instead be talking to professionals such as a teacher , pediatrician or child psychologist . Teen ` like ' and FOMO anxiety Day notes that people may too often view the advice of some followers and friends , especially popular bloggers who have a large digital footprint , as experts , when in fact they do n't have any expertise on the issues at hand . "  It 's not necessarily about what your credentials are because you could be one of those really wise parents that has really good advice , but sometimes the way I see it articulated , it 's almost as if the person is a psychologist and they 're in positions that they really do n't know about and they are n't educated on , they have no work experience on , and that gets me worried , " said Day , author of "  Her Next Chapter , " a book about mother-daughter book clubs . "  That 's when parents really need to be seeking out professional help . " Separated at birth , reunited on Facebook Hoefle , whose newest book "  The Straight Talk on Parenting " will be released in April , encourages parents to see themselves as "  the true experts in their children 's lives , " not their thousands of friends and followers on Facebook and Twitter . "  By answering just a few questions , they can begin to see clearly the strategy that will work best for their children and one that they can actually implement to get the kind of long-term sustainable change they are looking for . " When do you think crowd sourced parenting is a bad way to go ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Asking for parenting advice via social networks can be harmless , but it can also be invasive , Kelly Wallace found Sharing disciplinary problems , emotional issues or developmental issues may be cause resentment for children "  I believe children still have the right to some privacy about their lives , " said parenting blogger Pam Moore
CNN  -- California voters rejected the legalization of marijuana Tuesday , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed Tuesday . They asserted that even if the proposition were to pass , federal law still prohibits individuals and groups from manufacturing , distributing and possessing marijuana for recreational use . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he will continue to enforce that federal law . Opponents also said that driving under the influence of marijuana would be a public threat . Supporters said the measure could have generated tax revenue from the $ 14 billion-a-year marijuana business in California and save the state hundreds of millions of dollars annually by ending the arrests of 61,000 Californians a year for misdemeanor marijuana possession . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Legal cannabis for the rest of us ? A measure that would have legalized medical marijuana in South Dakota also failed , according to another CNN projection based on exit polling . Results were still pending for a similar medical marijuana measure in Arizona . A total of 14 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized marijuana for medical care only . Meanwhile , among the many initiatives on ballots Tuesday , four states -- Utah , Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota -- approved a measure that will guarantee workers the right to vote by secret ballot on whether they want union representation , according to CNN projections based on exit polling . The anti-union measures are considered pre-emptive strikes against a federal legislative proposal that would allow unions to organize workers by relying on sign-up cards instead of secret ballots , The proposed Employee Free Choice Act would allow unions to organize workers with a "  card check . " Business groups have opposed this draft legislation because , they claim , employees could be coerced into checking yes on a card to unionize . Workers rights groups say the proposed "  majority sign-up " law would reduce opportunities for employers to threaten or fire workers wanting a union , said spokeswoman Zoe Bridges-Curry of the advocacy group American Rights at Work . Meanwhile , Colorado voters were projected to reject an anti-abortion amendment that would have defined a "  person " as "  every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being , " according to a CNN analysis of exit poll data . Arizona and Oklahoma voters passed a measure Tuesday allowing residents to opt out of President Barack Obama 's federal health care reform and its requirement that people have insurance , according to a CNN projection based on an analysis of exit poll data . But in Colorado , voters rejected a similar measure that would give voters the option of not participating in the federal health care reforms , including the insurance requirement , according to a CNN projection based on exit polling . The approvals were a rebuke of the administration 's controversial health care reforms . Experts question whether such state laws could be implemented because they seek to pre-empt federal law , and the matter could eventually end up in court , said Jennie Bowser , an elections analyst with the conference . Voters in many states cast ballots on other controversial measures Tuesday , including balancing budgets . In all , 37 states offered 160 ballot proposals , and the initiatives had no single unifying theme this November , unlike in 2004 and 2006 , when voters saw same-sex marriage dominate ballots , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Among its nine initiatives , California offered a proposition that could reduce government gridlock by lowering the minimum needed for the legislature to approve a state budget , making it a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority . Only two other states require two-thirds . Among other controversial or interesting measures : Under Rhode Island Question 1 , voters were projected by CNN to reject changing the official state name from "  State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations " to simply "  Rhode Island . " In the wake of scandal in the governor 's office , Illinois voters approved a constitutional amendment  HJRCA 31  that will allow for a recall of a governor and a special election to choose a replacement -- a process that exists in 18 other states . For the measure to pass , the "  yes " votes must total at least 60 percent of those voting on this question or a majority of those voting in the overall election . Arizona voters were projected by CNN to approve Proposition 107 , which called for an affirmative action/discrimination ban . The amendment to the state constitution would prohibit the state from granting preferential treatment or discriminating against any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , skin color , ethnicity or national origin .	California voters reject legalizing marijuana , CNN projects Medical marijuana measure fails in South Dakota , CNN projects Arizona , South Carolina and South Dakota approve anti-union measures , CNN projects Colorado rejects definition of "  person " in anti-abortion measure , CNN projects
David Cameron has had the narrowest of political escapes . Success for the "  Better Together " campaign has saved him from catastrophe : he will not , after all , live on in history as the Prime Minister on whose watch the Scottish nation chose to leave the United Kingdom . But serious questions will now be asked in his party and in the country about his future . Cameron will also face an almighty battle in Parliament to deliver the consolation prize of greatly enhanced powers for the Scottish Parliament , the so-called "  Devo Max " package , which he was forced to concede in the panicky latter stages of the No campaign . On Friday morning , the tired but relieved-looking Premier told reporters at 10 Downing Street that it would have broken his heart to see Scotland leave the UK . "  The people of Scotland have spoken , " Cameron said . "  They have kept our country of four nations together , and like millions of other people , I am delighted . " Cameron called on the country to move forward with a "  balanced settlement , fair to the people of Scotland -- and importantly , to everyone in England , Wales and Northern Ireland as well . " But although Scottish voters ultimately rejected independence by a margin of 55 % to 45 % , this story is far from over for Cameron . Did Gordon Brown save it ? Cameron and his party were not the only ones to blame for a referendum campaign that so nearly led to the break-up of the United Kingdom . But he is being widely blamed for a variety of tactical and strategic errors . Many members of Parliament  MPs  will say that he and the "  Better Together " campaign were only rescued by the campaigning fervor and passion of the former Labour Party leader and Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Cameron had sought to detach the questions of Scottish independence and his own future . Warning the Scots that what they were walking into was not a trial separation but a final break , he pleaded with them not to throw away the union in a protest vote just because they disliked him and his party .  Of the 59 Scottish seats in the Westminster Parliament only one is held by a Conservative MP  . QUIZ : How Scottish are you ? Insisting on the finality of a constitutional divorce was probably his best card . But in emphasizing that the question on the ballot paper was not his future but the future of the union , Cameron was also acknowledging that he is held to blame by many for boosting the nationalist vote . Where Cameron went wrong He is blamed firstly for the terms he agreed on the staging of the referendum . Critics lambast Cameron now for giving Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond two years to build momentum for his cause , and for opening the vote to 16 year olds . They blame him for agreeing to a ballot paper question which meant that the supporters of independence were the ones campaigning for a "  Yes " while their opponents were bound to look negative in seeking a "  No . " They blame him for agreeing to let one vote decide the issue : when a Labour government in the 1970s agreed to a referendum on setting up a Scottish Parliament it insisted that 40 % of those voting must approve the change . There was a majority for the Parliament but the 40 % margin was not achieved and the Scots had to wait another 20 years for their own Parliament . Above all , the critics insist Cameron was wrong to exclude from the ballot paper the compromise option of the so-called "  Devo Max " -- a huge extension in the tax-raising and spending powers of the Scottish Parliament . This devolution of power from London to Edinburgh appealed to many as an achievable compromise which would have taken the steam out of the separatist case . But Cameron overruled such advice , only to find that he and the other Westminster party leaders were forced to concede Devo Max anyway -- win or lose the vote -- as the campaign threatened to run away from them . Even during the lead-up to the vote , when many Conservative MPs kept quiet for fear of making things worse for the Better Together campaign , some were warning that the concessions on Devo Max wrung from Cameron by Gordon Brown might not be deliverable . What comes next ? Conservative MPs are already vociferously demanding that any concessions to the Scottish Parliament must be balanced by greater powers for the English regions -- namely , by reducing the number of Scottish MPs in the Westminster Parliament and by ending the process whereby Scottish MPs at Westminster can vote on English-only matters while English MPs have no say in matters delegated to the Scottish Parliament . As a moderate and pragmatic politician , Cameron has had an uneasy tenure already over a right-leaning party growing ever more Euro-skeptic as it faces the rise of the United Kingdom Independence Party  UKIP  . The further difficulties he will face in pushing through legislation to honor his commitments to the Scots will do nothing to add to his authority . But Cameron will breathe a sigh of relief at a partial reprieve : had he seen the Scots depart from the UK he might well have faced a rebellion in his party which could have gone as far as the tabling of a vote of no confidence in his leadership -- a process which requires 15 % of his MPs  46 of them  to sign up to the proposition . For the moment at least he soldiers on . But there is further trouble looming . Opinion polls indicate that next month his party will lose its first Parliament seat to UKIP in a by-election caused by the defection of former Tory MP Douglas Carswell .	Scotland votes "  no " in referendum about whether to leave the United Kingdom Final polls showed a narrow race after years of campaigning on either side Failure of "  yes " vote saves UK Prime Minister from humiliating defeat Oakley : Cameron will breathe a sigh of relief at a partial reprieve
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- The coffee was brewing and we were just starting our day when the telephone rang the morning of July 5 , 1999 . It was a call that every parent prays never will come . The Army colonel was calling from Fort Campbell , Kentucky , where our son was based in the U.S. Army . A fellow soldier had attacked our son , Barry Winchell . He had been taken to a civilian hospital in Nashville , Tennessee . We raced to the Kansas City airport . When we arrived at the hospital , Barry was clinging to life . His face was unrecognizable . Contrary to what the colonel had said on the telephone , Barry had not been kicked in the head by the other soldier . He had been beaten with a baseball bat as he slept in the barracks . The doctor said he had irreparable brain damage and recovery was unlikely . Barry had been a victim of constant , vicious harassment after another soldier -- one of two involved in his murder -- started a rumor that he was gay . Several of Barry 's superiors were witnesses to the harassment , yet did nothing about it . Some of those superiors not only did nothing to stop the escalation of violence that would lead to our son 's death , they also took part in the harassment . One staff sergeant eventually stopped participating and started telling others to stop . Barry was one of his top soldiers and he noticed the effect the torment was having on him . The staff sergeant decided to file a complaint with a commanding officer , but it was ignored . Army values were one of the things that attracted Barry to the service . Loyalty : Be true to your country , the Army , your unit , and other soldiers . Respect : Treat others with dignity and respect and expect others to do the same . Selfless service : Put the welfare of the nation , the Army , and your subordinates before your own . Integrity : Do what is right , legally and morally . Honor : Live up to the Army 's values . Clearly , many stationed at Fort Campbell were not living up to these values . And it cost our son his life . On July 6 , we said goodbye as the machines that kept Barry alive were turned off . Barry was only 21 . He loved the Army . He loved serving our country . And he was among the best in his company . Barry was awarded two Army Commendation Medals and one Army Achievement Medal with the Oak Leaf Cluster . He wanted to be the best he could be and eventually become a helicopter pilot . Barry 's death was -- and remains -- a heart-wrenching tragedy for us . In the days and months afterward , we were comforted by the hundreds of letters and e-mails we received . Many of the authors were gay service members . We realized that our son was not alone in the torture he endured . We realized that "  do n't ask , do n't tell " essentially makes it impossible for gays or those , like Barry , who are perceived to be gay , to seek the help of their superiors without risking investigation and discharge . Since then , we have worked tirelessly to ensure that Barry did not die in vain . We have spoken around the country , advocating tirelessly for repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " That is because DADT amounts to an endorsement of harassment and discrimination . It says to other service members that gays in the military are second-class citizens , that they are not worthy of the respect dictated in the Army 's values . Those who assert that the law serves to protect gays in the military are wrong -- it corroborates the fears and bigotry of those who are anti-gay . Worse , it encourages those who are prone to violence to act on their rage . Our son could be with these brothers and sisters in arms today , but he was taken from us just as he was beginning to realize his dream . He was a quiet , compassionate and strong young man -- the kind of dedicated soldier our country needs as we fight two wars . Nothing will replace him . Nothing will take away the pain that haunts us to this day . The attitude of society toward gays serving in the military has changed in the 17 years since DADT went into effect . It 's no longer the divisive issue it used to be . When we go to Capitol Hill , we talk about the change we 've witnessed in our lifetimes on LGBT -- lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered -- issues . It 's clear to us that the younger generation of service members could n't care less about sexual orientation . But they could n't care more about integrity and honesty , serving one 's country and being supportive of their comrades . Our work to repeal the law that contributed to our son 's death has given us focus . We look forward to the day when this law is repealed and when the armed forces adopt a policy that demonstrates clearly that all service members , including those who are gay or lesbian , are worthy of serving our country with dignity and integrity . Only then can our sons and daughters feel safe in reporting harassment . Only then will their superiors , up the chain of command , be held fully responsible for protecting our sons and daughters equally , no matter what their sexual orientation . Soon , members of the U.S. Senate will have an opportunity to ensure that Barry 's death was not in vain , that no other young man or woman will be denied the chance to serve the country they love simply because of their actual or perceived sexual orientation . Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen has said it is the right thing to do . We urge senators to stand with Admiral Mullen and be on the right side of history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pat and Wally Kutteles .	Pat and Wally Kutteles have worked 10 years to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Their son , Pfc. Barry Winchell , was beaten to death with a bat as he slept He went through constant , vicious harassment after rumors he was gay , they write They believe DADT prevented him from reporting harassment to superiors
Pittsburgh  CNN  -- People ask me why a doctor would dress like a homeless person and make house calls under bridges . I say enthusiastically , "  Why not !? " That 's just what I did in 1992 in an effort to take my medical teaching career beyond the walls of the hospital . Dressing like a homeless person seemed the best way to initially enter the street community , which I sincerely wanted to do . I had come to a point where I needed a new "  classroom " in which medical students could fully experience the reality of those who did not make it into effective medical care . We needed to understand how health care is shaped by the real life experiences of those who struggle with difficult circumstances . If there were any people who could teach us those lessons , I believed it would be the people who were living under the bridges of Pittsburgh . Initially , I did n't tell the hospital  or my malpractice carrier  what I was doing . My guide was a formerly homeless expert , Mike Sallows . Together , we made house calls under the bridges , along the riverbanks and in the abandoned buildings of Pittsburgh . A whole new world opened to me . The depth of medical need I saw was exceeded only by the hopelessness of the people I came to know . Each person became inconveniently real to me , and going home to my warm bed became increasingly difficult . But what I also discovered was the profound satisfaction of bringing care directly to those who would otherwise have none . I was becoming part of the street world . Another reality In the homeless camps and in the alleys , I found people who had suffered extremes of weather , violence and prejudice . Many were older , confused people ; some were war veterans holding on to the last shreds of their dignity ; others were simply people who had fallen on hard times and lost hope . I saw hideous leg ulcers and cancers that were untreated . But mostly I saw human beings who had minimal access to loving , effective services . The street homeless live in another reality . It is often brutal and short . Health issues are secondary to immediate survival , but according to the National Coalition for the Homeless , the average life expectancy among that population is estimated between 42 and 52 years , compared with 78 years in the general population . This essentially makes street homelessness one of the most fatal conditions in the United States . As I watched more and more people die out there , these numbers became a very real experience . Looking in from the streets , I saw my community as a largely hostile , unforgiving place . The reaction of the non-homeless to those sleeping on the streets is often negative . I know this is born from frustration , but I believe that as long as ignorance and fear dictate how we perceive others , we have little hope of building effective , inclusive solutions . We must get close enough to know each other . I am also convinced that by "  going to the people , " health care can learn to engage people on their terms , holistically building health solutions grounded in their reality . This will potentially make health care delivery more cost effective and efficient as the principles of "  street medicine " are applied to other populations . How much we can learn from those who are left out ! A model for Street Medicine As word of our work spread beyond the streets , other volunteers and students joined the effort . Operation Safety Net was officially founded under the Pittsburgh Mercy Health System in 1993 . According to the group 's records , as of 2014 , more than 10,000 homeless individuals have been reached with more than 68,000 visits to the street homeless of Pittsburgh . More than 900 chronically homeless persons have achieved housing directly through Operation Safety Net efforts . Significantly , for the first time , the medical care of the street homeless is coordinated within the entire city . Students from all over the world now come to Pittsburgh to work with Operation Safety Net , many starting street medicine programs of their own in cities such as Rochester , New York ; Detroit ; Santa Barbara , California ; Prague ; and Ibadan , Nigeria . In 2005 , after extensive global networking , the first International Street Medicine Symposium was held in Pittsburgh . Each year , a different city hosts the meeting , which is the only forum for pioneers of the street medicine movement to meet and develop this new field of medicine . At the 2013 meeting in Boston , 200 enthusiastic professionals and students gathered from five continents . In 2009 , the Street Medicine Institute was established with two visions : Every person in the world who remains on the streets will have direct access to health care , and every medical school will have a "  classroom " in its own streets . The Street Medicine Institute provides consulting services to assist communities that seek to establish new street medicine programs and improve the care of their own street homeless populations . Under the umbrella of the Street Medicine Institute , there are now more than 40 street medicine programs in the U.S. and more than 90 programs worldwide . Increasingly , we are finding that by first addressing the immediate medical needs of those on the streets , pathways to housing , financial stability and recovery are being realized . We believe that by taking care of our own fallen citizens , but by doing it within a global vision , we reclaim the true spirit of health care and build better communities for ourselves . Donate to Operation Safety Net Donate to the Street Medicine Institute	Dr. Jim Withers has been tending to medical needs of Pittsburgh 's homeless for 20 years The average life expectancy for a homeless person is about 30 years less than average Withers ' program has become a model for "  street doctors " everywhere Withers founded Street Medicine Institute to bring care to the homeless around the world
London  CNN  -- Phone hacking was widespread at the Daily Mirror newspaper when Piers Morgan was its editor , a former employee testified Wednesday , stopping just short of saying Morgan definitely knew about it . James Hipwell said that he "  can not prove " that Morgan knew about illegal eavesdropping , but that it was "  very unlikely he did not know what was going on . " Phone hacking "  happened every day " at the Mirror 's show business desk in late 1999 , Hipwell told the Leveson Inquiry , a wide-ranging government-backed investigation of British press ethics and practices . Also on Wednesday , Paul McCartney 's ex-wife Heather Mills accused Morgan of using her as a "  scapegoat . " Morgan , who now hosts the CNN talk show "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " testified the previous day that he did not believe phone hacking had taken place when he was editor of the tabloid . Speaking by video link , Morgan tenaciously defended himself against accusations that he knew more about phone hacking than he has admitted in the past . Some of the toughest questioning focused on a story based on a voice message McCartney left for his then-wife Mills , trying to make up after a quarrel and singing to her . Morgan refused to say who played the message for him or where , but admitted under sustained questioning that he believed it was a voice mail . "  Did you know that was unethical ? " demanded Robert Jay , the lead lawyer for the inquiry . "  Not unethical , no . It does n't necessarily follow that it was unethical , " Morgan said . Mills Wednesday appeared to try to shoot down speculation that she herself had played the recording for Morgan , after Judge Brian Leveson said only she could legally have given permission for him to hear it and threatened to call her to give evidence . "  I can categorically state that I have never ever played Piers Morgan a tape of any kind , never mind a voice message from my ex-husband , " she said on her website . Morgan declined to respond . "  Piers Morgan has no additional comments re : the Leveson Inquiry or Heather Mills . His written statement and the complete transcript from the Inquiry can be found online , " wrote a representative . In August , Mills told the BBC that a journalist working for a Mirror Group publication admitted hacking her voice mail . She said a senior Mirror Group Newspapers journalist phoned her and "  started quoting verbatim the messages from my machine . " She said she replied : "  You 've obviously hacked my phone and if you do anything with this story ... I 'll go to the police . " The journalist responded : "  OK , OK , yeah , we did hear it on your voice messages , I wo n't run it , " according to Mills . On Wednesday , former Morgan employee Hipwell painted a picture of the editor as deeply involved in the daily workings of the paper he edited from 1995 to 2004 , comparing the editor to late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . Morgan "  was the ` Dear Leader . ' It was all about him , " Hipwell said . "  Nothing that happened on that desk happened without Piers knowing about it , " Hipwell said of the show business desk . A lawyer for Trinity Mirror , which publishes the Mirror , said the company disputed Hipwell 's testimony and would go into more detail at a future session of the inquiry . In the past , Morgan has vigorously denied ordering phone hacking at any point during his career . He struck pre-emptively at Hipwell on Tuesday , pointing out that the journalist had gone to prison over a stock tip scandal and saying he would not be a reliable witness . Morgan was investigated over the stock tip scandal but not charged or convicted of any crime . Also on Tuesday , Jay , the inquiry lawyer , repeatedly tried to use Morgan 's own words against him to show he knew more about hacking than he admitted , citing his books and interviews in print and on the radio . Morgan , at times clipped and at times testy , deflected line after line of inquiry , saying the quotes did not mean what Jay implied they did . The Leveson Inquiry was prompted by public and political outrage at the revelation that another tabloid , Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World , hacked into the phone of a missing teenage girl who later turned out to have been murdered . Murdoch 's son James ordered the best-selling paper closed over the scandal . Much of the inquiry -- and a related police investigation -- focus on allegations of phone hacking by the News of the World . The publisher of the paper , News International , announced Tuesday that a subsidiary had settled with seven people who accused Murdoch 's newspapers of phone hacking . The claimants included James Hewitt , who was a lover of Diana , Princess of Wales , and other British celebrities . The newspaper group "  has agreed to pay appropriate sums by way of compensation and costs and have expressed regret for the distress caused , " News International said in a statement . The company settled earlier this year with "  G.I. Joe " actress Sienna Miller and a handful of other claimants , but other lawsuits against the newspaper group are outstanding . Testimony by former staff of News of the World and News International last week focused on how much News International chief executive James Murdoch knew about hacking by his employees . Police say notebooks seized from a private investigator working for News of the World contain the names of about 5,800 potential victims of phone hacking . The process involves calling a cell phone and entering a personal identification number to access voice messages . CNN 's James Partington contributed to this report .	A former Piers Morgan employee says he must have known about hacking It "  happened every day " on the Mirror 's show business desk in 1999 , James Hipwell says Paul McCartney 's ex-wife accuses Piers Morgan of using her as a scapegoat Morgan earlier said he did not believe there had been hacking at his paper
Washington  CNN  -- The good news is that the chances an asteroid big enough to destroy a continent or all of civilization will hit Earth this year are only one in 20,000 , a congressional panel learned Tuesday . The bad news is the government needs to spend billions of dollars in coming years for new technology to prevent such a possible catastrophe , regardless of the low probability , experts told the House Science , Space and Technology Committee . "  The odds are very small , but the potential consequences of such an event are so large , it makes sense to take the risk seriously , " contended John Holdren , who directs President Barack Obama 's Office of Science and Technology Policy . Current efforts to detect and analyze possible space threats like the meteor that exploded over Russia last month , injuring more than 1,000 people and causing millions of dollars in damages , have made progress in identifying the threats , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden told the committee . Welcome to the year of the comet He said scientists have identified 95 % of asteroids more than a half-mile in diameter -- the kind that threaten human existence if they strike Earth , like the six-mile-wide one believed to have wiped out dinosaurs 65 million years ago -- and found none on a collision course with the planet . However , the detection efforts have been less successful for smaller meteors still capable of causing major loss of life and damage , such as the one over Russia . Only 10 % of meteors more than 150 yards wide -- dubbed "  potential city killers " by Holdren -- have been detected , meaning more than 10,000 are out there without our knowledge , he said . If scientists detected a major asteroid headed for Earth now , it would take at least five years to develop an effective defense system to either alter its course or possibly destroy it , no matter how much money was spent , according to Holdren and Bolden . While you were working : An asteroid flew by Government plans to bolster detection and mitigation capabilities include an infrared sensor that would orbit Venus , as well as a laser system or other method to deflect any threatening meteor away from Earth , they said . "  We really need to have space-borne assets , " said Bolden of the infrared sensor that would cost more than $ 500 million . Another NASA goal endorsed by Obama is to send an astronaut to an asteroid for the first time in history by 2025 , a project that would cost $ 2 billion , he said . Asked by panel members about the effects of forced spending cuts this year due to the inability of Congress to agree on fiscal issues , all the witnesses described heavy impacts . "  Just about my every working moment these days is consumed with this topic , " Gen. William Shelton , commander of the U.S. Air Force Space Command , said about the spending cuts that took effect March 1 . He added that "  we are clearly less capable . " Bolden noted that NASA 's budget for detecting Near Earth Objects has multiplied in recent years to reach more than $ 20 million in 2012 . Now , he said , Congress needs to at least maintain such funding to prevent stagnation or , even worse , atrophy . "  This is really important and it has to be continuous , " he said . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	House panel hears that chances of a big asteroid strike are one in 20,000 Despite low risk , the government needs to develop better defenses , experts say Forced spending cuts are harming preparedness , government officials say It will take years to build an effective system to deflect a large asteroid away from Earth
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's El Gordo , or "  the fat one , " annual Christmas lottery paid a hefty $ 3 billion in prize money on Wednesday to thousands of people testing their luck in Spain 's deep economic crisis . The top single prize was about $ 4 million , and many of the winning tickets in that series were sold in Barcelona and the nearby town of Cerdanyola in the northeastern region of Catalonia , where the big prizes have often landed over the years . Despite a widespread sense that money is n't flowing and bank loans are hard to get in Spain 's financial crisis -- with nearly 20 % unemployment and a deep deficit that has prompted government austerity measures -- Spaniards and others from abroad "  invested " about $ 4.3 billion into the Christmas lottery this year . Seventy percent was paid out as prizes , or $ 3 billion , while the remainder went for lottery adminstration and the national treasury , according to the national lottery website . The winning number was 79.250 . Most Spaniards buy just a one-tenth portion of a numbered series , and for Wednesday 's top prize , it meant someone could have paid about $ 25 for a tenth portion and won $ 400,000 in return . That 's why champagne , or the Spanish bubbly called cava , flowed at lottery offices , restaurants , and stores which had sold the winning numbers , often to Spanish families , or a group of co-workers . Spaniards on average spent about $ 80 for lottery tickets . Despite the economic downturn that was almost as much as last year . Spanish news reports said a bar owner in the town of Palleja , near Barcelona , had purchased a large number of what turned out to be winning tickets , and in turn sold them to his customers . Some $ 235 million in prize money was to be distributed among them . Other winners included a group of truck drivers from southern Spain who had purchased some of the winning tickets at a lottery office in central Barcelona , Spanish media reported . The lottery started in 1763 , or 247 years ago . It has become such a deep tradition in Spain that even people who do n't buy lottery tickets usually end up with some tiny fraction tickets given away by their local butcher shop or pharmacy . The three-hour lottery draw was nationally televised and followed closely on radio and the internet , with Spaniards continually checking their ticket numbers . Numerous smaller prizes , such as $ 60,000 for a series , were also awarded . The lottery draw was held at a convention center in central Madrid this year , moving from its previous location at a school for the first time in 47 years , because officials said , more space was needed due to increased interest .	Ticket buyers poured $ 4.3 billion into Spain 's lottery known as El Gordo The lottery paid out $ 3 billion in prizes Despite Spain 's depressed economy , sales were brisk
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egyptian blogger Aliaa Magda Elmahdy has become a household name in the Middle East and sparked a global uproar after a friend posted a photo of her naked on Twitter . The photo , which the 20-year-old former student first posted on her blog , shows her naked apart from a pair of thigh-high stockings and some red patent leather shoes . It was later posted on Twitter with the hashtag #nudephotorevolutionary . The tweet was viewed over a million times , while Elmahdy 's followers jumped from a few hundred to more than 14,000 . Her actions have received global media coverage and provoked outrage in Egypt , a conservative Muslim country where most women wear the veil . Many liberals fear that Elmahdy 's actions will hurt their prospects in the parliamentary election next week . Elmahdy describes herself as an atheist . She has been living for the past five months with her boyfriend , blogger Kareem Amer , who , in 2006 was sentenced to four years in a maximum security prison for criticizing Islam and defaming former president Hosni Mubarak . Here she talks exclusively to CNN in Cairo about why she posed nude . CNN : Why did you post a photo of yourself nude photo on Twitter , and why the red high heels and black stockings ? Elmahdy : After my photo was removed from Facebook , a male friend of mine asked me if he may post it on Twitter . I accepted because I am not shy of being a woman in a society where women are nothing but sex objects harassed on a daily basis by men who know nothing about sex or the importance of a woman . The photo is an expression of my being and I see the human body as the best artistic representation of that . I took the photo myself using a timer on my personal camera . The powerful colors black and red inspire me . CNN : Who is Aliaa Elmahdy inside the body portrayed in the nude photo ? Elmahdy : I like being different . I love life , art , photography and expressing my thoughts through writing more than anything . That is why I studied media and hope to take it further to the TV world too so I can expose the truth behind the lies we endure everyday in this world . I do n't believe that we must have children only through marriage . It 's all about love . CNN : How have your Egyptian Muslim parents reacted ? How do they feel about you living with your boyfriend unmarried ? Elmahdy : I last spoke to them 24 days back . They want to support me and get closer , especially after the photo was released , but they accuse Kareem of manipulating me . He has been my support system and has passed along their text messages to me . I dropped out of AUC  The American University in Cairo where she was a media student  months back after  my parents  attempted to control my life by threatening not to pay the fees . CNN : The press has labeled you a revolutionary but you were not in Tahrir Square during the 18 days of the revolution in February this year . Is there a political element to you posing nude ? Elmahdy : I was never into politics . I first joined the protests on May 27th because I felt the need to participate and decided I might be able to change the future of Egypt and refused to remain silent . I made it clear that I was not part of April 6th Movement  an Egyptian political group that came to prominence during the revolution  after the rumors were spread by remnants of Mubarak 's National Democratic Party who wanted to capitalize on the reaction to the photo . What shocked me is April 6th 's statement clarifying that Aliaa Magda Elmahdy is not part of their organization and how they do n't accept "  atheism . " Where is the democracy and liberalism they preach to the world ? They only feed what the public wants to hear for their political ambitions . CNN : What do you think about the forced virginity tests performed by the Egyptian military on more than a dozen girls arrested in Tahrir Square ? Elmahdy : I consider this rape . Those men in the military who conducted these tests should be punished for allowing this to happen without the consent of the girls in the first place . Instead , the girls walk around feeling the shame and most of them are forced to remain silent . CNN : Do you practice safe sex in your sexual revolution ? Elmahdy : Most Egyptians are secretive about sex because they are brought up thinking sex is something bad and dirty and there is no mention of it in schools . Sex to the majority is simply a man using a woman with no communication between them and children are just part of an equation . To me , sex is an expression of respect , a passion for love that culminates into sex to please both sides . I do practice safe sex but I do n't take pills because I am against abortion . I enjoyed losing my virginity at the age of 18 with a man I loved who was 40 years older than me . Kareem Amer is the second man and the love of my life . The saying suits us : "  Birds of the same feather flock together " CNN : How do you see women in the "  New Egypt " and will you leave the country if the ongoing revolution fails ? Elmahdy : I am not positive at all unless a social revolution erupts . Women under Islam will always be objects to use at home . The  sexism  against women in Egypt is unreal , but I am not going anywhere and will battle it 'til the end . Many women wear the veil just to escape the harassment and be able to walk the streets . I hate how society labels gays and lesbians as abnormal people . Different is not abnormal ! CNN : What are your future plans with Kareem and will you find it hard to deal with your new notoriety ? Elmahdy : I have discovered who my real friends are , and I have Kareem who loves me passionately . He works as a media monitor and I am currently looking for a job . I embrace the simple things in life and I am a vegetarian ... I am a believer of every word I say and I am willing to live in danger under the many threats I receive in order to obtain the real freedom all Egyptian are fighting and dying for daily .	CNN Exclusive : Egyptian blogger Aliaa Magda Elmahdy tells CNN why she posed naked Elmadhy says she posed naked because she is not afraid of being a woman despite harassment in Egypt She says her Muslim parents want to support her ; her father always hated the way she dressed Elmadhy : I am a believer of every word I say and I am willing to live in danger under the many threats I receive
CNN  I spent time in France earlier this week , and it 's clear to me that the French tech scene is at an inflection point . The time to invest in France 's future is now . And with more startups than any other European country at the Consumer Electronics Show this year , and a strong infrastructure in place , France is primed to embrace the latest technology transition : digitization of everything . Digitization , which harnesses the power of what we call the Internet of Everything at Cisco -- the connection of people , process , data and things -- will change everything from the way we work to how we serve citizens , and teach our young people . I believe that France will lead in this new era of country digitization . The French government truly understands the economic and societal benefits digitization will bring . This week , I met with Prime Minister Manuel Valls , and together we announced an ambitious partnership , pledging to transform France into a digital republic . By creating a connected ecosystem , there is tremendous opportunity to fuel economic growth , create jobs , foster innovation -- even improve energy use . Cisco will power this initiative through the network . France has a strong traditional infrastructure in place -- roads , water lines , buildings , even parking spaces -- and the country is now committing to build out their digital infrastructure , which will help increase productivity , create jobs , and improve the lives of citizens . Cybersecurity will also be enhanced for the country and its businesses and citizens , and the results for France could be dramatic . With our Networking Academy program , Cisco plans to train an incremental 200,000 students and create 1,500 additional academies over the next three years , so French entrepreneurs have the necessary skills to drive the digitization process . A key ingredient to France 's success will also be the entrepreneurial spirit and technical talent needed for digitization . Our first step is to ensure the proper training initiatives are in place to achieve this - providing a $ 100 million investment that will include training and infrastructure support to transform France into a digital republic . Digitization has the potential to revolutionize France as we know it today . This transformation will contribute to France 's overall global competitiveness by supporting job growth , education , cybersecurity , innovation and entrepreneurial initiatives in France . It 's also expected to lead to a boost in France 's Gross Domestic Product by 1-2 percent . This is a chance for France to innovate based on French values -- egalitarian peer-to peer Internet architecture -- one that creates new digital freedoms and significant socio-economic growth . If countries get ahead of this technology transition , like France , it could change the global agenda . This new phase of the Internet will bring many opportunities to revolutionize the world as we know it , as long as leaders are ready to embrace it . Cisco is excited to help France lead .	John Chambers : Digitization has potential to revolutionize France New phase of Internet brings opportunities to revolutionize the world , he says
CNN  -- Williams driver Nico Hulkenberg took advantage of changeable weather conditions to secure a remarkable first-ever pole position for Sunday 's Brazilian Grand Prix , stunning all the Formula One title favorites in the process . Hulkenberg mastered the change in the weather , which saw the rain ease up in final qualifying -- prompting drivers to switch from intermediate to slick tires -- to give Williams their first pole position since the European Grand Prix at the Nurburgring in May 2005 . The 23-year-old German has the four drivers battling it out for ther world title breathing down his neck . The Red Bull duo of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber are second and third on the grid , with McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton fourth and world championship leader Fernando Alonso in fifth position . The second Williams of Rubens Barrichello finished sixth , with Robert Kubica , Michael Schumacher , Felipe Massa and Vitaly Petrov completing the top 10 at Interlagos . Hulkenberg could not contain his joy , telling reporters : "  It 's amazing . I still ca n't believe I 've done it . "  To go on slicks was the right decision . I squeezed everything out of my car , so I 'm very , very happy . I 'm just enjoying the moment . "  My first pole is so emotional . I 'm just lost for words . I 'm still shaking from the thrill , but now we have to get on with the job . " Vettel added : "  It was a tricky session , but in the end everyone decided to go to dry tires . At first I thought I 'd missed pole by a tenth of a second , but I saw it was actually a second , so congratulations to Nico . "	Williams driver Nico Hulkenberg claims his first-ever pole positon in Brazil GP Hulkenberg takes advantage of the changeable weather conditions at Interlagos It is Williams ' first pole position since the 2005 European Grand Prix at the Nurburgring The Red Bull duo of Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber second and third on the grid
CNN  -- World football 's governing body is threatening to take a more hard-line approach to racist abuse after FIFA president Sepp Blatter called for clubs to be punished with points deductions and relegation if they are found guilty . Since AC Milan forward Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch in a friendly match earlier this month , both FIFA and Europe 's governing body have faced criticism over their perceived leniency towards players being racially abused . "  It is not enough to give a fine , " Blatter told FIFA.com . "  Playing a game without spectators is one of the possible sanctions , but the best would be the deduction of points and the relegation of a team , because finally the club is responsible for their spectators . " Blatter 's stance is something of a volte-face given two years ago he said racism did not exist in football and that any problems could be solved with a handshake . But the 76-year-old , who has spent the past 15 years in charge of FIFA , has changed his view following a number of recent unsavory incidents . Italy presses charges after AC Milan soccer racism "  It is a phenomena where football is a victim of our society , " added Blatter . "  Discrimination and racism is everywhere in our society . We in football can not be made responsible for what happens in our society . "  But nowhere in the world -- regarding all the problems you can have in your private life , in business , in politics -- can you solve a problem by running away . "  I agree with and support the movement of Boateng -- as I have said -- as it was a strong warning . It is now up to us to take the adequate steps . "  What I feel we should do is give instructions to our national associations and the confederations -- specifically to the disciplinary committees -- to be very strong . " The ugly face of racism has reared its head far too often over the past 18 months with several high-profile incidents catching the headlines . Suarez fined , suspended over racist remarks In December 2011 , Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was hit with an eight-match suspension and $ 63,000 fine after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . Last September , Chelsea captain John Terry was given a four-game ban and fined $ 347,000 for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Then in October 2012 , England 's Under-21 players were subjected to racist chanting during the European Championship qualifier in Krusevac . The punishment of a $ 105,000 fine and the order to play one under-21 match behind closed doors handed out by UEFA 's disciplinary commission was then appealed by the organization as it was seen to be too lenient . UEFA appeals Serbia sanctions However in an interview with French radio station RTL , UEFA president Michel Platini insisted the European governing body was in great shape to tackle racism . "  We have put rules in place with the referees in the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League , " said the Frenchman . Earlier this month FIFA imposed a one-match spectator ban on Bulgaria for racist abuse by their fans of a Denmark player . It was the first time the body had imposed anything more than a fine for racism Boateng makes racism walkout vow Prince-Boateng walked off the field of play after being subjected to racist chanting by supporters during a friendly game at fourth-tier club Pro Patria . Speaking to CNN in an exclusive interview following the incident , the Milan midfielder insisted he would walk off the field again if he was subjected to more racist chanting . " "  If it happens again I 'm not going to play anymore , " he said . "  The referee said : ` Do n't worry ' but I said I do worry , it 's not very nice . "  I was angry and I was sad , but it all came together and I said I do n't want to play anymore . There were so many negative emotions that came up with me . "  I 'm surprised we 're still hearing these things in 2013 . It 's not the first time in my life that I 've heard these things , but I 'm 25 now and I 've had enough this bulls *** . " Boateng 's decision to walk off the field was applauded by Platini , who told RTL : "  I appreciated this very much . I also sent a message of congratulations to AC Milan 's -LSB- vice-president -RSB- Mr Galliani . I found -LSB- the decision -RSB- a good thing to do . "	FIFA threatens more hard-line approach to racism FIFA president Sepp Blatter says clubs could be hit with points deduction or relegation if found guilty UEFA president Michel Platini has also recently insistedhis organization will get tough with racism Frenchman Platini has backed stance taken by AC Milan 's Kevin Prince-Boateng
In response to an incendiary e-mail that drew criticism from online sites and on-campus organizations alike , a Georgia Tech student and Phi Kappa Tau fraternity member has stepped forward and issued an apology in the school 's newspaper . The e-mail , which instructed fellow fraternity members on "  luring rapebait " and contained several references to using alcohol as a means of sexual persuasion , caught the attention of online communities and prompted Georgia Tech and Phi Kappa Tau to issue statements and conduct investigations into the incident . The national chapter of the fraternity temporarily suspended the campus chapter . The sender , identified as Matthew , says he was his chapter 's social chair , a position he has since relinquished . In the apology , he claims the e-mail was written as a joke , but should never have been written in the first place . "  Misogynistic behavior is everywhere online and unfortunately , my attempt to ridicule it in an immature and outrageous satire backfired terribly and in a manner I mistakenly underestimated , " Matthew wrote in Technique , Georgia Tech 's student newspaper . Matthew explained the origin of the e-mail 's central term , "  rapebait , " as a nickname that became an "  internal fraternity joke . " "  In retrospect , it was a nickname I should not have embraced but continuing to use the term was my fault . As a leader I should have put a stop to it in any reference , " he wrote . "  I know I can not fix all the damage I have done , but I will strive to become a better man as I work through this episode in my life , " Matthew said . Matthew ended his e-mail by saying , "  I will conduct myself to more honorably reflect the ideals of Georgia Tech in the future . " The Georgia Tech community has been vocal over the incident . Judging from the comments on the Technique site , the apology seems to have been well-received , with many students even saying the incident was a "  silly joke , " or a "  tempest in a tea pot . " Many campus organizations outside of the fraternity have condemned the note , and some students have commented on Technique 's Facebook page , saying they have "  no sympathy " for the writer . Opinion : ` Rapebait ' e-mail reveals dark side of frat culture	The writer of an offensive fraternity e-mail issues an apology He says it was an attempt to ridicule misogynistic behavior that "  backfired terribly " The Georgia Tech student says he "  will strive to become a better man as I work through this "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A car bomb rocked a stronghold of the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah on Tuesday morning , injuring dozens of people in a southern suburb of the capital . Fifty-three people were hurt in the blast in the Bir El Abed neighborhood , Lebanese Health Minister Ali Hassan Khalil told Hezbollah 's Al-Manar TV . Thirteen of them remained hospitalized Tuesday afternoon in stable condition , he said . The blast erupted in a parking lot near the Islamic Cooperation Centre , a supermarket , the National News Agency reported . Video from the scene broadcast on Al-Manar showed vehicles ablaze , black smoke billowing aloft . Fire crews doused the flames as authorities kept the crowds back . The explosion affected the lower floors of surrounding buildings , blowing out windows and damaging balconies , NNA reported . Witnesses said that crowds hurled bottles at the interior minister , Marwan Charbel , as he was touring the site , and he fled . Syria 's conflict stirs up old rivalries in Lebanon Many of the injuries were minor , caused by glass debris , said Ali Krayyem , director general of Bahman Hospital , where many of the wounded were taken . Tensions have risen in recent months as thousands of fighters from the militant Shiite group Hezbollah have poured across the border into Syria and thousands of Syrian refugees have fled into Lebanon . With Hezbollah 's support , forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad have regained momentum in his country 's civil war . Recently they retook what had been a rebel stronghold , the city of Qusayr , which is located on a major supply route close to the Lebanese border . While that has helped turn the tide for Hezbollah 's patrons , it has also angered many in Lebanon . Among those are Sunni Islamists , whose calls for Hezbollah to be stopped have grown in volume and number in recent days . Sectarian violence has been a growing concern as many Lebanese support al-Assad 's embattled regime , while others do not . A big worry is that Syria 's troubles will reopen the wounds of Lebanon 's civil war , which raged from 1975-1990 , potentially pitting the Sunni community , which tends to back the Syrian rebels , against Hezbollah , a powerful pro-Assad Shiite militia . This comes as evidence emerges that Syrian rebel groups are receiving small arms smuggled from Lebanon and Turkey . In April , the Lebanese army announced it had intercepted a cargo ship bound for Tripoli -- the northern epicenter of support for Syrian rebels in Lebanon -- that was filled with weapons it believes were meant to be delivered to rebel forces in Syria . CNN 's Nada Husseini and Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut , with Ed Payne and Tom Watkins reporting and writing in Atlanta . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Lonzo Cook also contributed to this report	53 people are injured , Lebanon 's health minister reports The blast targets a Hezbollah stronghold in a southern Beirut suburb The blast damaged buildings in the Bir El Abed neighborhood
New York  CNN  Cardinal Edward Egan , who led the Archdiocese of New York for nearly a decade , died Thursday at 82 , the archdiocese announced . Egan was pronounced dead of a heart attack at NYU Langone Medical Center at 2:20 p.m. "  Thank God he had a peaceful death , passing away right after lunch today , " Cardinal Timothy Dolan , Egan 's successor and current archbishop of New York , said in a statement . Egan was appointed archbishop of New York in 2000 and later cardinal in 2001 by Pope John Paul II . Egan retired from the archdiocese in 2009 . As the leader of one of the largest Catholic communities in the country , Egan oversaw a growth of more than 200,000 registered parishioners and welcomed Pope Benedict XVI on a visit to New York City in 2008 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the founding of the Diocese of New York . "  Cardinal Egan spread love and knowledge , and brought comfort to countless New Yorkers and others across the country and the world who sought his guidance and counsel -- especially in the aftermath of 9/11 , " said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio in a statement . Egan served previously as the bishop of Bridgeport , Connecticut , from 1988 to 2000 , when the diocese was at the center of a child sex abuse scandal . The Bridgeport diocese in 2001 paid $ 15 million to 26 plaintiffs to settle sexual abuse claims against eight priests . Egan apologized for his involvement in the scandal in a letter read across the New York archdiocese in 2002 , though he later retracted that apology in an interview with Connecticut Magazine 10 years later . "  I should never have said that , " Egan said . "  I did say ` If we did anything wrong , I 'm sorry , ' but I do n't think we did anything wrong . " Egan was born in Oak Park , Illinois , in 1932 and was ordained in Rome at the Pontifical North American College in 1957 . Funeral arrangements are pending , the archdiocese said . People we 've lost in 2015	Cardinal Edward Egan died of a heart attack He served as archbishop of New York from 2000 to 2009
CNN  -- A man who smashed a truck through the lobby of a Maryland TV news station and proclaimed himself God Tuesday was arrested hours later -- watching the ordeal unfold on the local news , authorities said . The unidentified 29-year-old man , described as mentally ill , was taken into custody without incident after his actions forced the lockdown and evacuation of WMAR and a nearby parochial school in Towson , near Baltimore , police said . Baltimore County Police Chief Jim Johnson told reporters that SWAT team officers closed in on the suspect as he was "  watching different channels " in a station editing room -- "  watching you report this story as this incident unfolded . " Aware that the suspect was watching on TV , Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz said , authorities decided against releasing any information publicly until after the incident . The official Twitter account of Baltimore County Public Safety said the first call from WMAR was received at 11:45 a.m. . There was a report of a disturbance , with a man banging on the door trying to get in . Within minutes , authorities said , there was another call about a truck crashing into the station lobby . Police said the suspect had "  contact " with a security guard before making his way to the second-floor editing room . "  The individual was ranting and raving incoherent statements , " Johnson said . "  It was clear from the very beginning that we were dealing with an emotionally disturbed subject . " Mike Marion , a commercial production producer at WMAR , told CNN that he was in his office when he heard a loud sound . "  I heard someone rattling the door in a violent manner and screaming started : ` Let me in , let me in , I 'm  expletive  God . You have to let me in $  , ' " Marion said . "  I saw a young ... male in his 20s , no older than 30 , blue oxford shirt with a black sling backpack , get into a large racing green landscaping truck . He backed it out of -LSB- the -RSB- visitors ' space ... began ramming the building ... smashed through first section of atrium ... The last thing I saw , the truck was fully in the lobby . " Marion said he never saw the suspect get out of the truck . The building was evacuated as officers searched for the suspect . No injuries were reported . All the while , WMAR journalists could relay information only via Twitter and the station 's website . By mid-afternoon , a makeshift newsroom had been set up about a mile north of the station -- but the reporters still had no way to broadcast . Police said the truck was stolen Tuesday from a subcontractor with the State Highway Administration . Inside the station , police found sheaths for machetes believed to have been used by workers in the highway truck . They also recovered a satchel with unknown contents . The suspect had a golf club but no firearms , police said . Johnson said tactical officers responded to an "  active shooter " incident , moving slowly and cautiously to the second floor . "  We could view him watching TV , " the chief said . A dog was used to subdue the suspect , who was taken for a psychiatric evaluation before facing criminal charges , police said . The motive was unknown . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	Suspect in custody after slamming into TV station Unidentified man was watching the ordeal on the local news when arrested The truck used in the crash was reported stolen earlier Tuesday , police said Maryland TV station evacuated after truck slams through lobby
CNN  -- Chris Froome conquered Mont Ventoux at the Tour de France to extend his overall lead with a week remaining in cycling 's most prestigious race . In a fascinating battle Sunday , Team Sky 's Froome caught and then passed Nairo Quintana during the steep 13-mile climb to give him a four-minute cushion over his nearest rivals . A spent Froome had to be given oxygen when the 15th stage -- the longest of this year 's Tour at 150 miles -- ended but he 'll get a chance to recover during Monday 's day off . On Bastille Day French hopes were dashed , as Sylvain Chavanel lost his lead to Movistar 's Quintana before the Colombian faded and Froome charged . "  I thought he 'd be less strong than he was , " Quintana told the Tour 's website . Froome has now won both stages with summit finishes . "  I did n't expect to win , " Britain 's Froome said after nearly six hours of racing . "  I wanted to get more of a buffer on the general classification but I did n't think I could go for the win . "  Quintana is a very strong climber and I was n't expecting him to go from as far as he did but hats off to him . He did a great ride and he showed how strong he is . " Despite the gruelling end to the stage , Froome and Quintana -- one to watch for the future -- had time for a quick chat . "  In the last  1.2 miles  he was fading a little and I still had a little bit left , " said Froome . "  I was just trying to say , ` Man , come on just a little bit more , we 're almost there . ' But he was slipping behind . "  Near the end I do n't think that I attacked . It was just that he could n't ride on my wheel anymore and a gap opened up . " On Friday , Froome saw his lead cut to under three minutes by Belkin 's Bauke Mollema and Saxo-Tinkoff 's Alberto Contador . After Sunday , though , he leads Mollema by four minutes , 14 seconds and two-time winner Contador by 4:25 .	Chris Froome wins the 15th stage of the Tour de France in a summit finish Froome passed young Colombian Nairo Quintana on the steep climb to the top Froome now leads Bauke Mollema and Alberto Contador by more than four minutes
CNN  Families of children killed at the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut have filed lawsuits against the estate of the shooter 's mother , saying Nancy Lanza was careless and negligent in leaving a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle unsecured in her home . Adam Lanza , 20 , used the assault rifle to kill 20 first-grade students and six adults in Newtown on December 14 , 2012 . The younger Lanza was mentally unstable and used his mother 's Bushmaster to kill her before he went on the rampage at the school , and then killed himself . At least eight lawsuits have been filed in Connecticut courts since January on behalf of relatives of 16 people killed in the massacre -- four adults and 12 children . Court documents also list two people who suffered serious injuries . In December , the parents of nine children killed at the mass shooting , along with one teacher who survived , filed a separate lawsuit against the businesses behind the Bushmaster rifle . Report finds missed chances to help Newtown shooter The wrongful death lawsuit , filed one day after the second anniversary of the killings , named Camfour , a gun distributor ; Riverview Gun Sales ; as well as the Freedom Group , the company that owns Bushmaster . It blamed the numerous lives lost in just 264 seconds on the shooter 's weapon of choice , the Bushmaster . Koskoff Koskoff & Bieder , the law firm for the families in the Bushmaster lawsuit , is also representing some families in the cases against Lanza 's estate . The lawsuits were first reported Friday in the Connecticut Post , which said Nancy Lanza is believed to have had insurance on the home worth more than $ 1 million . "  Unlike our case against Bushmaster , Camfour  the distributor  , and Riverview for the negligent entrustment and marketing of combat AR-15 's designed for the military to inflict mass casualties against the enemy to civilians like Nancy Lanza , we expect this claim to be resolved quickly , " attorney Josh Koskoff said of the estate lawsuits . The lawsuits claim that Nancy Lanza kept the rapid-fire Bushmaster in her home "  unsecured " and that her "  carelessness and negligence " contributed to the pain and suffering of the victims . A look at Newtown in 2013 One lawsuit accused Lanza of allowing her son access to weapons "  despite the fact that she knew , or should have known , that his mental and emotional condition made him a danger to others . " The administrator of Nancy Lanza 's estate , Samuel Starks , this month asked the courts for an extension to reply and asked that the cases needed to be consolidated . CNN 's attempts to reach Starks were unsuccessful .	Lawsuits against estate of Nancy Lanza say she was careless and negligent Her son , Adam , used assault rifle to kill 20 first graders and six adults on December 14 , 2012
February 7 , 2014 Get ready to go on a global tour of headlines : Today 's coverage on CNN Student News takes students from Europe to South America to Asia . We also introduce you to a band of young people who are using music to defy stereotypes . And we 'll finish with a footrace that elite athletes can run in under 12 minutes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage of the Olympics vary from country to country ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . This week , Janet Yellen became the first woman to head what federal agency ? 2 . In what country did Mount Sinabung erupt , killing 15 people ? 3 . In this year 's Winter Games , what Olympic event will include women for the first time ? 4 . What Asian country is politically divided over Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ? 5 . What social media site celebrated its 10th anniversary this week ? 6 . What Olympic host city is known as the "  Russian Riviera " ? 7 . What chain of pharmacies announced that it will stop selling tobacco products ? 8 . What kind of satellites does the U.S. government use to determine precision time ? 9 . Since what year have North Korea and South Korea been divided ? 10 . What is the most visited city in South America ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Authorities in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , have arrested a man whom they accused of having terrorized students , their parents and the administration of a grade school for three months . Alberto Enrique Hernandez Magallanes , 62 , is accused of making phone and written threats asking for money . "  There have been threats against several schools , but this is the first time we have been able to make an arrest , " said Arturo Sandoval , Chihuahua State Ministerial Police spokesman , after police acted Tuesday . Alberto Enrique Hernandez Magallanes , 62 , is accused of making phone and written threats asking for money in exchange for not hurting the children . Police said he sent school administrators notes in packages that included bullets . Citing security concerns , police asked that the name of the school not be divulged . The spokeswoman for Chihuahua 's state prosecutor , Daniela Gonzalez , described it as a private school with a student body drawn primarily from middle - to upper-class families . "  School administrators were anxious and afraid , " Gonzalez said . "  The letters were escalating in demands until they reached the $ 50,000 figure . They feared for their safety and the safety of the children . " Gonzalez said police helped her negotiate with Hernandez , who agreed to accept $ 10,000 and a sport utility vehicle . After he collected the money , Hernandez ran to his home , half a block from the school , where he was arrested , Gonzalez said . Police said they confiscated rifles , guns and ammunition . Sandoval said investigators do n't think Hernandez is linked to Mexico 's drug cartels that have laid siege to Ciudad Juarez , which is across the border from El Paso , Texas . "  He is a person that , because of the current insecurity climate in the city , has taken advantage of the situation , " the police spokesman said .	Police say suspect sent school administrators notes in packages with bullets Authorities in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , arrest Alberto Enrique Hernandez Magallanes Spokesman : Letters escalated "  in demands until they reached the $ 50,000 figure " Police wo n't release name of private school , citing security concerns
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah announced greater political participation for women in the conservative kingdom this week , but Tuesday , a human rights group decried the promised reforms in light of a flogging sentence for a woman who dared to drive a car . Amnesty International said a Saudi woman was sentenced to 10 lashes for getting behind the wheel . The group said the harsh sentence demonstrated the scale of discrimination against women in the Islamic nation , and it urged the dismantling of the "  whole system of women 's subordination . " "  Flogging is a cruel punishment in all circumstances , but it beggars belief that the authorities in Saudi Arabia have imposed lashes on a woman apparently for merely driving a car , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  Belatedly allowing women to vote in council elections is all well and good , but if they are still going to face being flogged for trying to exercise their right to freedom of movement , then the King 's much-trumpeted ` reforms ' actually amount to very little . " Amnesty said a court in Jeddah handed down the sentence Tuesday . Two other women are believed to be facing charges for driving , one in Jeddah and one in al-Khobar . The Women2Drive campaign said the woman who was sentenced to 10 lashes has appealed the sentence . She said she did not want to be identified or speak publicly about her case for her own safety . Women2Drive also said police pulled over women 's rights activist Madeah Alajroush for driving in Riyadh on Tuesday . She was taken to police headquarters for questioning and released after she signed a pledge not to drive and called for a taxi home , a statement from Women2Drive said . "  After the euphoria of the announcement on voting , we are saddened and shocked to hear the news today , " said Maha Al-Qahtani , a member of Women2Drive . No specific traffic laws make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers . Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts , obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian . Authorities stopped Manal al Sharif , 32 , for driving a car May 21 and detained her the next day . She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again and spent a week in jail . Her case became a rallying cry for female activists . The Women2Drive campaign on Facebook and Twitter encouraged women to drive as part of their normal daily activities rather than converge in one place . On Sunday , King Abdullah announced two changes for women , which would be historic for Saudi Arabia . He said women will be allowed to serve as members of the Shura Council , the appointed consultative council that advises the king . He also said women will be allowed to run as candidates and nominate candidates in the next set of municipal elections . It is unknown when those may ultimately take place . The changes do not apply to elections scheduled for Thursday , which will be only the second set of elections in the kingdom since 1963 . The U.S. State Department 's human rights report on Saudi Arabia , published in 2011 , noted many challenges facing women in Saudi Arabia in 2010 : -- "  By law a female rape victim is at fault for illegal ` mixing of genders ' and is punished along with the perpetrator . " -- "  The guardianship system requires that every woman have a close male relative as her ` guardian ' with the authority to approve her travel . " -- "  Women risk arrest for riding in a vehicle driven by a male who is not an employee or a close male relative . " -- "  Women also faced discrimination in courts , where the testimony of one man equals that of two women . " -- "  The law requires a woman to obtain the permission of a male guardian to work if the type of business is not ` deemed appropriate for a woman . ' " CNN 's Kindah Shair , Mohammed Jamjoom and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Saudi king announced greater political participation for women this week Amnesty International says the reforms mean little in light of flogging sentence Women are barred from getting behind the wheel in Saudi Arabia Amnesty says a woman was sentenced to 10 lashes
CNN  -- Indonesia summoned the Australian ambassador Monday to voice its anger at allegations that Australia tried to listen into the phone calls of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . Greg Moriarty . Australia 's ambassador to Indonesia , "  took careful note of the issues raised and will report back to the Australian Government , " the Australian embassy in Jakarta said . Indonesia 's objections stem from reports in the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  and Guardian Australia that said Australian intelligence tracked Yudhoyono 's mobile phone for 15 days in August 2009 , monitoring the calls he made and received . The intelligence agency also tried to listen in on what was said on at least one occasion . But the call was less than a minute long and could not be successfully tapped , ABC reported . The two media outlets cited documents provided by Edward Snowden , the U.S. national security contractor turned leaker . "  The Australian Government urgently needs to clarify on this news , to avoid further damage , " Indonesian presidential spokesman Teuku Faizasyah tweeted . "  The damage has been done and now trust must be rebuilt , " he said in another tweet . Asked in parliament to comment on the reports , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said , "  all governments gather information and all governments know that every other government gathers information . " "  The Australian Government never comments on specific intelligence matters , " he added . "  This has been the long tradition of governments of both political persuasions and I do n't intend to change that today . "	Media outlets cited documents provided by Edward Snowden Indonesia says Australia "  needs to clarify " Australian PM says "  all governments gather information "
CNN  -- The strongest contender to become the next Pakistani prime minister is hardly a newcomer to the country 's political stage . Nawaz Sharif , 63 , has had a long and rocky career that includes two stints as prime minister during the 1990s , ordering Pakistan 's first nuclear tests , a showdown with the nation 's powerful military , time in jail and years of exile . After spending the past several years in opposition to the governing Pakistani People 's Party  PPP  -- which has struggled to tackle the country 's crippling problems of militant violence , chronic power shortages and a flagging economy -- Sharif now has a shot at another stint in office . But observers say his positions on key issues such as Islamic extremists and relations with the United States remain vague , raising uncertainty about what kind of approach he would take if his Pakistani Muslim League Nawaz  PML-N  were to succeed in forming a government in the national assembly following general elections this weekend . There is also concern about his relationship with the military 's top generals , who still maintain a strong influence on Pakistan 's foreign and security policies . Interventions by the military ended Sharif 's terms as prime minister in 1999 when Pervez Musharraf , the head of the army at the time , overthrew him in a coup . In a dramatic fall from grace , Sharif ended up in jail , convicted of hijacking charges for trying to stop a plane carrying Musharraf from landing . He then went into exile in Saudi Arabia and did n't return to Pakistan until 2007 , when he teamed up with the PPP to force Musharraf from office . "  It 's a big question whether he can coexist with the military , " said Zahid Hussain , a veteran Pakistani journalist and author . "  He has n't forgiven or forgotten what happened to him . " All about the economy Sharif 's campaign has focused on the economy , which seems to matter the most to many Pakistanis . The nation ranks 146th out of 186 countries in the United Nations ' human development index , a measure of living standards , health and education . Under the slogan "  Strong Economy -- Strong Pakistan , " Sharif is playing to his image as a flag-bearer for private industry and entrepreneurship . Part of a prominent industrial family , he took steps to liberalize the economy during his time in office in the 1990s through measures such as privatizing state-run companies . "  Generally , the business lobby has more confidence in his ability to fix the economy and solve some of the trickier problems , particularly the energy crisis , " said Raza Rumi , director of policy and programs at the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani research organization . His party has built conspicuous infrastructure projects in recent years in its political stronghold of Punjab , which is home to more than half of Pakistan 's 180 million people and the biggest source of elected seats in the National Assembly . It 's also the country 's industrial and agricultural heartland . The Taliban question While his economic credentials appear stronger than those of his main rivals , critics have picked up on his apparent reluctance to take a strong line against violent extremists , notably the Pakistani Taliban , who have carried out relentless , bloody attacks in the area bordering Afghanistan . "  He criticizes terrorism , he criticizes the use of force , but he will not criticize a specific organization by name , " said Hasan Askari Rizvi , a political analyst focused on defense issues . "  He will not criticize the Pakistani Taliban by name . " Sharif was not available for an interview for this article . But Irfanullah Khan Marwat , a veteran Pakistani politician who recently joined the PML-N , said that the party is in favor of holding talks with the Taliban . "  We as a party oppose extremism , we oppose bloodshed , " Marwat said . "  And we think any and every solution lies with who is sitting across a table and coming to an understanding . " The politics of fear Sharif 's party 's cautious stance on the Taliban and other militant groups results from political expediency and fear , according to Rumi , who is also the editor of The Friday Times , a weekly newspaper . Religious conservatives , some of whom sympathize with extremist groups , make up an important part of Sharif 's core vote , Rumi said . During his time in office in the 1990s , Sharif caused alarm among more secular-minded Pakistanis by pushing through legislation that sought to introduce aspects of Sharia law . And since the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto during campaigning for the 2008 elections , a lot of Pakistani politicians are afraid of well-organized , merciless militants like the Taliban , according to Rumi . The killing of Bhutto is still being investigated by authorities , but the Taliban and other militant groups have between them carried out dozens of deadly attacks on campaigners for the current elections . Uncertainty over relations with U.S. . An unwillingness to continue the fight against insurgents could put a Sharif government at loggerheads with the military and also strain already difficult relations with the United States , a key prop for Pakistan 's shaky public finances . Sharif has openly questioned Pakistani-involvement in the American-led "  war on terror . " But observers note he may adapt his approach if he becomes prime minister . "  He had good working relations with the United States in previous terms , " Rizvi said . "  My feeling is he will still have good relations . Once he gets into power , then he has to change . " For its part , the United States says it has no preferred contender in the elections . "  We do not support any particular political party or any individual candidate , and we look forward to engaging the next democratically elected government of Pakistan , " Patrick Ventrell , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said last week . A new approach to New Delhi ? Sharif has also raised eyebrows by vowing to improve ties with Pakistan 's archrival , India . The two nuclear-armed neighbors have fought three wars since their partition at the end of British colonial rule . One of those wars , in 1999 , led to the military coup that drove Sharif out of office . In a recent interview with the Indian broadcaster CNN-IBN , Sharif said he would carry out an investigation into the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , which killed more than 160 people . India blames the Pakistan-based group , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , for carrying out the attacks , accusing Islamabad of not doing enough to pursue its members . The group has denied responsibility . Democratic progress If a new Pakistani government is successfully formed from the elections this weekend , it will be the first time in Pakistan 's history that the country has democratically transitioned from one elected administration to another . One of the reasons for that , analysts say , is that Sharif and his party took a pragmatic approach to being in opposition , despite their differences with the governing PPP and its leader , President Asif Ali Zardari , Bhutto 's widower . It 's a far cry from the 1990s , when Sharif and Bhutto worked constantly to undermine each other 's governments , resulting in instability and interference from the military . The 21st-century Sharif , mindful of his overthrow and exile , appears more committed to upholding democratic , civilian government and not providing the military with an excuse to step in , according to Rumi . "  That by itself was a very promising development , " he said . The trouble with coalitions The big question , however , is how effective any government that emerges from the elections will be . Although several opinion polls have put Sharif 's party in front , a great deal of uncertainty remains over how many seats it will end up with in the assembly . Observers say there 's a strong chance that both parties will fall short of an overall majority , resulting in a scramble to form a coalition with smaller parties . The most prominent and potentially game-changing of the smaller parties is cricket-star-turned-politician Imran Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf  PTI  , a new player in national elections . Analysts are finding it hard to predict how many seats PTI candidates might secure , especially after Khan was seriously injured in a fall at a campaign rally this week . If his party wins enough seats , the former captain of the Pakistani cricket team could find himself the kingmaker in its parliament . But any coalition government may struggle to formulate strong policies on the critical issues Pakistan faces , even under an established figure like Sharif . That could leave other institutions with room to exert their influence . "  Theoretically , the prime minister is in charge , " Rumi said . "  In practice , the military is more powerful . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Nawaz Sharif , a frontrunner in Pakistani elections , has been prime minister twice He was overthrown in a 1999 coup and went into exile in Saudi Arabia He is now campaigning with a promise to revive Pakistan 's economy Observers have raised questions about his stance on extremism and terrorism
Jerusalem  CNN  A day after flames scorched a West Bank mosque , a Jerusalem seminary belonging to the Greek Orthodox Church was torched and defaced Thursday -- an act police suspect is the work of radical right-wing Israelis . Both buildings were defaced with anti-Arab and anti-Christian slurs , including graffiti maligning Jesus on the seminary , said police spokeswoman Luba Samri . And in each case , there was writing in Hebrew referring to the "  redemption of Zion " and "  revenge . " The acts drew strong condemnation . "  There is no room for such deplorable activity in Jerusalem , " Mayor Nir Barkat said Thursday . "  We must eradicate this behavior and bring those responsible to justice . " Palestine Liberation Organization official Hanan Ashrawi called the acts "  hate crimes  that  constitute a flagrant attack on all Palestinians , whether Muslim or Christian . " "  These are not isolated incidents , but rather they fit a longstanding pattern of deliberate provocation , extremism and violence , and are a vicious assault on all Palestinians and their holy sites , " Ashrawi said . "  The recent events indicate that a holy war is already being waged against the Palestinian Muslim and Christian population . " The incident at the mosque may be a "  price tag " attack -- a term used by radical Israeli settlers to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts -- according to officials . In fact , video from the West Bank shows two letters that translate to PT , for "  price tag . " And authorities suspect a Jewish nationalist motive for what happened at the Greek Orthodox seminary . Samri , the Israeli police spokeswoman , said that firefighters managed to douse the fire in that building 's restroom and showers before anyone was injured . But not much more is known than that . Shortly after the incident , a Jerusalem district court issued a gag order that covered all details of the investigation and anything that identifies suspects . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Israel , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta .	"  Revenge , " references to "  redemption  of  Zion " were on the mosque , seminary Both buildings were defaced with anti-Arab and anti-Christian slurs Palestinian official : A "  holy war " is underway against Muslims , Christians
CNN  -- Two Syrian Orthodox bishops remain missing two days after being kidnapped , with each side in the civil war blaming others for the snatching . The whereabouts of the two prominent clergymen , Greek Orthodox Bishop Paul Yazigi and Syriac Orthodox Bishop John Ibrahim , remain unknown , despite some reports to the contrary , Greek Orthodox Bishop Mousa Khoury told CNN . There have been several kidnappings of Christian clergymen in Syria but the two bishops are the most senior church figures who have been abducted since the beginning of the uprising . The Syrian regime 's Ministry of Religious Endowment issued a statement blaming "  this brutal act " on Chechen mercenaries operating under the mantle of Jabhat al-Nusra and al-Qaeda . The government did not provide evidence to back up the claim . A spokesman for the Free Syrian Army said the government itself could be behind the kidnappings . "  The timing is very suspicious and we believe the Assad regime is behind the kidnapping , " Louay Almokdad told CNN . Another opposition figure , Rami Abdurrahman of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , elaborated , saying they believe that non-Arab foreign fighters are behind the kidnappings . "  We know that there are foreign fighters who are infiltrated by the regime and the Assad regime is well known for being a ventriloquist of proxy groups that they set up in order to spread chaos , strife and to divide the ranks of the opposition , " he said . CNN can not independently confirm the claims by either side . Earlier , there were conflicting reports about the status of the bishops . "  The bishops were supposed to be released by the armed group yesterday evening ; then we expected them to head back to their churches . But they did n't , so we are still carrying out all efforts to figure out what happened , " Abdel Ahad Steifo , a prominent Syriac member of Syria 's main opposition group , told CNN . Steifo , who is in charge of the negotiations for the release of the clergymen , says he does not know the identity of the kidnappers . But they are not part of the opposition , he said . In an interview with the Vatican 's Fides News Agency , the Chaldean bishop of Aleppo , Antoine Audo , said that at the root of the "  scourge of kidnapping " is not politics , but "  the pursuit of money on behalf of armed gangs . " Recent incidents of clergymen being kidnapped ended with their release after ransoms of thousands of dollars were paid , he said . On Tuesday , the director of the Holy See press office , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , said Pope Francis is closely following the events in Syria . The pope is "  praying for the health and the liberation of the two kidnapped bishops , " Lombardi said . A number of Muslim clerics have also been killed and kidnapped in Syria , including a top Sunni cleric and longtime supporter of President Bashar al-Assad , Mohammad Said Ramadan al-Bouti , who was killed in a suspicious blast while teaching religious class in Damascus . Rebels and regime officials blamed each other for the assassination of al-Bouti . READ MORE : Israel says Syria used chemical weapons ; Russia warns of ` Iraqi scenario ' READ MORE : Rights group accuses Syrian military of targeting civilians READ MORE : Syria rebel group 's dangerous tie to al Qaeda	Two prominent Syrian Orthodox bishops have been missing for two days The opposition and the government each blame others for the kidnapping Another bishop tells the Vatican news service that money , not politics , is the motivation
CNN  Two Americans were charged Monday in what the U.S. is calling an attempted coup in Gambia , though the African nation 's President told local media it was a terrorist attack . Cherno Njie , 57 , a U.S. businessman of Gambian descent living in Austin , Texas , and Papa Faal , 46 , a dual U.S.-Gambian citizen from Brooklyn Center , Minnesota , were charged "  for their role in a recent attempted coup " that happened on December 30 , the Justice Department said in a statement . Njie , who the criminal complaint says was expected to become Gambia 's interim leader if the coup had prevailed , and Faal both traveled to the West African nation in December to overthrow the government , according to the criminal complaint . Before a team of 10 to 12 conspirators entered Gambia last month , Faal , who went by the codename "  Fox , " and two others procured 24 semiautomatic rifles between August and October and shipped them to Gambia , the complaint says . The conspirators also acquired night vision goggles , body armor , ammunition and black military clothing and boots , it says . They expected up to 160 members of the local Gambian military to join them , and most members of the group had served in the U.S. or Gambian military and were avid shooters , the complaint says . The original plan was to ambush Gambian President Yahya Jammeh as he traveled around the country over the holidays , but when the group learned Jammeh was leaving the country on December 26 , they abandoned their plan , the complaint says . A person identified only as "  Subject No. 1 " was the military leader who controlled the money for the operation , the complaint says . Faal told authorities that he understood that each man participating in the event received $ 4,000 to pay their bills , according to the complaint . Subject No. 1 is the same person who gave Faal $ 6,000 to buy rifles , the complaint says . "  On Dec. 30 , 2014 , a number of the co-conspirators , including Faal , met in the woods near the State House in Banjul , which is the home of the Gambian president , and split into two assault teams , " the Justice Department news release states . Njie , who used the pseudonym "  Dave , " aimed to wait "  in a safe place until the assault teams took control of the facility , " the criminal complaint says . The plan was for Njie to wait until the State House was seized and then meet with the Gambian army commander to persuade him to accept the new leadership , it says . "  However , when one of the assault teams approached the State House and fired a shot into the air , the team began taking heavy fire from the guard towers , " the statement says , adding that numerous conspirators were killed or injured . Faal got on a ferry to Senegal the next day and fled the country . Njie also escaped . Both returned to the U.S. , where they were arrested , the Justice Department said . "  These defendants stand accused of conspiring to carry out the violent overthrow of a foreign government , in violation of U.S. law , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . "  The United States strongly condemns such conspiracies . With these serious charges , the United States is committed to holding them fully responsible for their actions . " A summary of the government 's investigation alleges that Faal admitted in an FBI interview to being part of the attempted coup and identified Njie as one of the leaders and financiers of the group behind the plot . Faal left Gambia 23 years ago but still has family in the country . He joined the movement allegedly behind the coup because he was upset by how "  the president was rigging elections " and had other concerns about the plight of the Gambian people , the criminal complaint says . "  The group 's plan for the coup was purportedly to restore democracy to The Gambia and to improve the lives of its people . They hoped they would be able to take over the country without having to kill any Gambians , " the complaint says . All of the co-conspirators who Faal knew were of Gambian descent , though only some of them lived in Gambia . Others lived in Senegal , the U.S. , Germany and UK , according to the complaint . Both men are in custody , and Faal is expected to appear Monday in the U.S. District Court in Minneapolis , while Njie is scheduled to appear in federal court in Baltimore , the statement said . They are each charged with a count of conspiracy to possess a firearm in furtherance of a crime of violence , as well as a violation of the Neutrality Act , which forbids Americans from participating in or financing military operations against countries with which the U.S. is at peace . At Faal 's home in Minnesota , authorities found manuals for semiautomatic rifles , Google satellite images of Gambia and receipts for 55-gallon drums that Faal said he bought to hide the rifles , the complaint says . At locations in Austin and Lakeway , Texas , both of which belonged to Njie , authorities found a piece of paper with Faal 's birth date and passport number , a spreadsheet with weapon prices and a "  handwritten document that appears to describe the author 's vision for The Gambia following a transition of political power . " A wife of one of the coup participants who was killed also told authorities that she received a call from an unknown man who told her that her husband had been killed , the complaint says . The call came from the number on Njie 's business card for Chelsea Seniors I , LLC , where he was a manager , the complaint says . Despite repeated references to a coup in U.S. government documents , Jammeh told his Cabinet last week that the plot was a "  terrorist attack " perpetrated by "  Gambian dissidents in the U.S. , Germany and UK . " "  We have a comprehensive understanding of what they had been planning , " Jammeh said , according to the Daily Observer newspaper . "  What is so interesting is the fact that we were able to get all that they had in their computer . We had all the information about their plans for which we will release very soon . " The State Department acknowledged reports of last week 's attack and issued a statement saying , "  We strongly condemn any attempt to seize power through extra-constitutional means . We regret the loss of life and call on all parties to refrain from further violence . " Jammeh said the conspirators involved in last week 's plot will be dealt with harshly , according to The Point newspaper . "  We will get to the bottom of this and we will not spare anybody . I will set an example and let everybody be prepared for that . Enough is enough . They want to destroy our country , we will destroy them , " he reportedly said .	Cherno Njie , 57 , of Austin , Texas , and Papa Faal , 46 , of Brooklyn Center , Minnesota , face charges Complaint : Faal was part of coup attempt , while Njie was expected to become nation 's leader Conspirators shipped at least 24 guns to Gambia , along with other equipment for operation , feds say
CNN  -- When it comes to choosing the paint color of automobiles , drivers really are predictable . The top paint color choice in 2012 for U.S. car buyers is white  21 %  , matching similar findings almost 10 years ago ; black  19 %  is a close second , followed by silver and gray  16 % each  . If you 're driving anything painted green , celebrate your uniqueness , you rebel . Only 2 % of drivers said they 'd be caught behind the wheel of a green-colored vehicle . Worldwide , white ranks first  22 %  and silver is second  20 %  , followed by black  19 %  , gray  12 %  , red  9 %  , blue  7 %  , green  2 %  and other colors  1 %  , according to the study released Wednesday by automobile paint manufacturer PPG . Self-driving cars now legal in California Customers shopping for sports cars , SUVs and high-end luxury cars said choosing the right color was more of a priority than did customers buying less expensive rides . The vehicle paint colors people choose are also having an effect on the design of other products , researchers found . "  Color is one of the first characteristics noticed in product design , and it is increasingly being used in everyday items , from cell phones to large appliances , based largely on automotive trends , " said PPG 's Jane E. Harrington in a release announcing the study 's findings . "  The palette being developed for the automotive segment continues to be influenced by culture , nature , fashion , interior design , color popularity and new pigment technology . " The paint manufacturing company introduced 64 new exterior shades to automotive designers for consideration in designs of the 2015-2016 model years . These included colors such as Al Fresco , a silver metallic with fresh green tint ; Victoria Grey , a classic gray with an iridescent highlight of gold metal ; Opulence , a refined red pearl with intense jewel tone ; Glacier , an icy graphite gray with a slight violet blue tone ; Sunshine , a bright high-sparkle intense yellow ; and Elixir , a metallic mixture of silver and magenta . Customers say they want more paint options , but color preferences have n't changed much during the past decade . In a similar survey conducted by DuPont in 2004 , white , silver , black and gray topped the list . ` Mousetrap ' can crush a car -- and teach physics	White ranks as the top color for automobiles in the U.S. and globally , a survey finds While more than 1 in 5 like white , only 1 in 50 go for green , the survey finds White was at the top of a 2004 survey , too
CNN  The pearls ?! The swine ! The $ 150,000 pearl-studded gown worn by actress Lupita Nyong ' o to Sunday 's Academy Awards was stolen Wednesday from her hotel room in West Hollywood , California . Detectives on Thursday were investigating the theft at the London , a luxury hotel just off Sunset Boulevard , said Lt. William Nash of the L.A. County Sheriff 's Department . The theft was first reported by TMZ . Nyong ' o made an immediate fashion splash when she hit the Oscars red carpet in the plunging custom Calvin Klein gown encrusted with 6,000 white Akoya pearls . Fortune estimated the value of the pearls alone at $ 150,000 . The gleaming ensemble landed Nyong ' o on many Oscars best-dressed lists . Gushed the Los Angeles Times , "  How can you not be impressed by the workmanship on this pearl-palooza ? " Representatives for the actress had no immediate comment on the theft . After earning an MFA from Yale Drama School , Nyong ' o won a best supporting actress Oscar last year for her first major film role in "  12 Years a Slave . " She is set to co-star in J.J. Abrams ' "  Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens , " due in December . Nyong ' o told Yahoo! that she helped guide the design of the gown . "  It was so much fun to create this dress , " she said on the red carpet . "  We talked about it being fluid and liquid . I wanted it to be an homage to the sea . " In a prepared statement , representatives for the London hotel said , "  This is a terribly unfortunate situation and we are working with law enforcement on their investigation . " CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this story .	A pearl-studded gown worn to Sunday 's Academy Awards was stolen from a hotel room Actress Lupita Nyong ' o wore the dress , whose value is estimated at $ 150,000
CNN  -- Human rights groups in Bangladesh and abroad are calling for an investigation after 16 borders guards accused of participating in a bloody revolt in February died in custody in recent days . A Bangladesh Rifles soldier is shown wearing a white cloth signifying surrender in late February . The Bangladesh military acknowledged the deaths of the Bangladesh Rifles paramilitary troops , or jawans -- but insisted they were the result of illness and suicide . "  Given the history of abuses by security forces in Bangladesh , there is no reason to take at face value the claim that these detainees have committed suicide , " said Brad Adams , Asia director or the New York-based Human Rights Watch , in a statement . The 16 were among 1,100 jawans rounded up after a 35-hour mutiny that began on February 25 in the Rifles headquarters in the capital city , Dhaka . The jawans rebelled against their commanding officers , taking dozens of them hostage . When the standoff ended , more than 70 people were found dead -- the majority of them army officers . Initially , Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina promised the jawans amnesty if they laid down their arms . But once the scope of the massacre came to light , Hasina withdrew her offer -- saying the government will not show mercy to those who killed , looted or committed arson . The jawans were issued an ultimatum to turn themselves in , while the government created a committee to probe into the mutiny . The result of the government inquiry is yet to be made public , after several delays . On Thursday , the Rifles leadership issued a statement that said 16 detainees have died in custody since March 9 : four from suicide , six from heart attacks and six from other diseases . "  We believe that perhaps they have failed to cope with the mental pressure associated with the guilt of committing the brutal attacks , "  the statement said . It then added : "  Suicide is seen as a sin in religious terms and is also socially undesirable . " In response , the legal aid group , Ain o Salish Kendro  Law and Adjudication Center  , and the Bangladesh National Women Lawyers ' Association were among several organizations calling for an investigation . During a hearing Wednesday , one of the suspects told a Dhaka court he had been administered electric shocks during a seven-day detention . Family members of other detainees have made similar allegations . Some of the suspects who died in custody had wounds on their bodies consisted with torture , Human Rights Watch said . Bangladeshi authorities have said the wounds may have been inflicted when the suspects tried to escape from the Rifles headquarters after the rebellion . "  The explanations given by representatives of the security forces are simply not credible , " Adams said . "  Torture is a regular ` investigative technique ' in Bangladesh and killing of detains in government custody is an endemic problem . " The country 's elite anti-crime unit , Rapid Action Battalion  RAB  , have often been accused of ` extra-judicial ' killings . The battalion is involved in the interrogation of many of the Rifles suspects . Since its inception in 2004 , more than 550 alleged criminals died soon after they were captured by RAB forces . In each case , the battalion claimed the arrested men died from stray bullets as their units were engaged in gun battles with the suspects ' comrades . The 65,000-strong Bangladesh Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders , but it also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . It is distinct from the army , but their commanders are career army officers . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troops from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . Discontent had been bubbling for years in the ranks of the BDR , who complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and their requests to participate in United Nations peacekeeping operations -- which pay far more than what they make at home . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors are the largest troop contributors to U.N. peacekeeping operations . During the stand-off , dozens of officers were killed . Some bodies were dumped in mass graves . Others were tossed in sewers that emptied into a river , where they floated for miles before being retrieved .	Rights groups in Bangladesh , abroad call for probe into string of soldiers ' deaths 16 border guards accused of participating in revolt have died in recent days Military statement suggests deaths came from guilt-induced stress More than 1,000 soldiers were rounded up from late-February revolt
CareerBuilder.com  -- Life has its share of both stormy and sunny moments . There are clouds  your car broke down  and then there are silver linings  but at least it 's a nice day for a walk  . While most of us would classify the recession as the mother of all clouds it , too , has a silver lining . The current recession has sparked a big upswing in entrepreneurial pursuits , and small businesses are cropping up around the country . According to a recent study by the Kauffman Foundation , "  Rather than making history for its deep recession and record unemployment , 2009 might instead be remembered as the year business startups reached their highest level in 14 years -- even exceeding the number of startups during the peak 1999-2000 technology boom . " Although the highest spike in startup rates was among people ages 35-44 , the entrepreneurial bug has n't only bitten those established in their careers . Many young people are also turning toward owning their own businesses as an alternative to finding a full-time , entry-level job . "  Young people are keenly aware of the recent economic downturn , and have seen parents , relatives or friends lose their jobs , " says Alice Horn , executive director of the South Florida chapter of Network for Teaching Entrepreneurs . "  They understand they can not count on the same job -- or even the same career -- for an extended period in the future . For growing numbers , this means ` making their own job ' as entrepreneurs . " Below , how three young people are doing just that : Zephyr Basine , Editor-in-Chief , CollegeFashion.net Zephyr Basine started College Fashion as a sophomore at the University of Massachusetts , when she noticed a lack of fashion publications directed at college students . Although it only took her only a few hours to create her blog , "  It kind of took off from there , " she says . Currently , CollegeFashion.net gets around 1.5 million page views per month . "  By the beginning of my senior year , I was already earning more money from the site than I would have at an entry-level management job , " Basine says . "  The idea of giving that up to search for a 9-to-5 job did n't seem very attractive . In addition , I have always really enjoyed working on the site -- I thought , ` So long as I 'm still having fun and can afford to work for myself , why not stick with it ? I can always get a job later if it does n't work out . ' The poor state of the job market only made me feel more confident in my decision . " After working for herself since graduating college in 2009 , Basine doubts she could ever begin working for someone else . "  I know I work 10 times harder for myself than I ever would for someone else , so I 'll be more successful long-term as a self-employed person . The self-employed lifestyle really suits me ; it 's a great fit for my personality and I am very happy with my choice , " she says . Giancarlo Massaro , Founder , AnyLuckyDay.com "  One night while watching TV , I saw an infomercial that caught my attention and I thought it would be a good idea if I could test out products before I had to buy them . With a little tweaking of that idea , the AnyLuckyDay concept was born , " says Giancarlo Massaro , who will be a senior at Sacred Heart University in Connecticut this fall . AnyLuckyDay.com is Massaro 's daily contest website , where he promotes companies by giving away their products to his audience . "  I started this business in January 2009 at the age of 19 as a hobby just to review products and give them away , but since January 2010 , I have been selling days on a calendar to companies and so far have sold close to 200 of 365 days this year , " says Massaro . Companies he 's worked with include Snyder 's of Hanover , Boston Acoustics , Peek Mobile , Flip Video Camcorders , Keurig Coffee , Griffin Technology and Scottvest clothing . Massaro has no plans to trade AnyLuckyDay.com for a full-time job after graduation next year . Alex Hodara , CEO , Hodara Real Estate Group In the year and a half since Alex Hodara started Hodara Real Estate Group , the company has sold more than $ 4 million in real estate and rented over 100 apartments . Hodara started his business while still a student at Boston University , but says it never crossed his mind to do anything but grow his business when he graduated this past May . "  As the CEO of my own company , I learn diverse skills and take on responsibilities that I would never be able to get in a traditional entry-level job , " he says . Although Hodara says the economy played little role in his decision to pursue his business  "  I was already determined to continue growing the Hodara business rather than pursue a job search , " he says  he certainly understands the plight of his peers that were forced to enter the job market . "  This has certainly been a hard year for the graduating class of my undergraduate business school . Many students had a difficult time finding jobs , and many people are still looking . I was lucky enough to have a successful business that allows me to support myself financially , and I try to do whatever possible to help my friends as they continue their job searches , whether in helping them to network with business associates of mine or making them a part of the HREG team , " he says . To those who might be having a hard time finding a job after graduation , Hodara says : "  Young people should keep in mind that starting your own business is always an option -- if you feel comfortable with your abilities and have an idea that you can realistically build on after graduation . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Young adults start own businesses as alternative to finding a full-time , entry-level job Expert : They understand jobs and careers do n't last for extended periods of time Entrepreneur : I 'm having fun with my business now and can always get job later Massaro started contest website as a hobby at age 19
YouTube commenters are not known for keeping their opinions to themselves . Angry users of the Google-owned video site are revolting online against YouTube 's new commenting system , which requires everyone to connect their current account to a Google + account in order to leave a comment on a video . The system was announced in September and fully rolled out on Tuesday . More than 30,000 people have left comments on the original YouTube blog post announcing the switch . Most are angry complaints and , in classic YouTube form , include obscenities , fights and ASCII drawings of phalluses . There are also multiple Change.org petitions asking YouTube to revert to the old commenting system . The most popular petition has more than 50,000 supporters and it was the most active petition on the Change.org site Friday . "  Comments were the No. 1 reason why I checked my YouTube account daily . Now that desire is gone , " says the top comment on the petition , left by someone calling themselves James Gandolfini . The biggest issue with the change is that Google + encourages people to use their real names , and some YouTube commenters prefer being anonymous . "  Making it incredibly difficult to have a username other than my actual name , and being forced to display it to the world is also a huge problem I have with this new setup , " said Dustin Wilson on another Change.org petition on the subject . There are a dozen petitions on the topic . Another , called "  YouTube and Google , Bring Back the Old Comment-Style System and Stop Forcing Google + on Those That Do n't Want It , " has more than 16,000 signatures . There 's even one petition asking YouTube to keep the changes , but only 10 people have supported it so far . Intriguingly , Change.org says the biggest source of traffic for these petitions is Google + . Anonymous commenters are n't the only people who are upset . The co-founder of YouTube , Jawed Karim has even chimed in after eight years of silence on the site just to comment on the change . "  why the f *** do i need a google + account to comment on a video ? " he said in a comment on his channel . Karim uploaded the very first video to YouTube in 2005 , a clip of himself at the zoo , and has n't posted there again until now . The move to the new commenting system is part of the ongoing push by Google to make Google + the underlying identity platform for all its products . But the overhauled system is also an attempt to pull the notoriously rough and troll-filled YouTube comments out of the gutter . In the new system , content creators will have more control when it comes to monitoring the comments on their videos . They can block certain users and make a list of banned words . There are threaded conversations and Google + will filter and order comments so people see content relevant to their friend groups and interests . In theory , negative comments will be pushed to the bottom of threads and quality conversations will surface at the top . The biggest complaint commenters have is that Google + strips them of anonymity . When the identity platform first rolled out , Google + required people to use their real names , but it has since loosened those rules . When YouTube announced the Google + integration , YouTube product manager Nundu Janakiram said users would never be forced to use their real names . When people link their accounts , they can choose to display their nickname or channel name instead of their full name . The people fighting against Google + accounts seem to be the minority . Eighty percent of YouTube commenters had already connected to a Google + account before the update took effect . There are no exact numbers on how many active YouTube commenters there are , but millions of comments are left throughout the site daily . Many people just do n't like it when their favorite products change . Online backlash is common with any major update or redesign on a tech site . When YouTube rolled out a new channel design earlier this year , a Change.org petition asking the site to revert back to the original design got more than 30,000 supporters . "  We are utterly horrified at the new layout and I truly hope YouTube will hear the cries of the loyal users , " read the petition . YouTube kept the new design and it seems to have been largely forgotten about . Sometimes online outrage can push a company to change . Twitter added an abuse button and Verizon rolled back online payment fees after online feedback and petitions . Games are a particularly popular target for online petitions , with users asking for and frequently getting changes to their favorite games or systems . YouTube has dealt with these types of mini-uprisingings before . YouTube is the fourth most petitioned company on Change.org , after Facebook , Walmart and Apple . In this case , the company , which is used to angry commenters , seems unlikely to revert to the old system .	Some YouTube commenters are angry with the new Google + commenting system The updated comments rolled out Tuesday , require everyone to connect to a Google + account There are multiple Change.org petitions ; a YouTube co-founder has complained on the site
CNN  -- Building a home near a moon crater or a lunar sea may sound nice , but moon colonists might have a much better chance of survival if they just lived in a hole . That 's the message sent by an international team of scientists who say they 've discovered a protected lunar "  lava tube " -- a deep , giant hole -- that might be well suited for a moon colony or a lunar base . The vertical hole , in the volcanic Marius Hills region on the moon 's near side , is 213 feet wide and is estimated to be more than 260 feet deep , according to findings published in Geophysical Research Letters , a journal of the American Geophysical Union . More important , the scientists say , the hole is protected from the moon 's harsh temperatures and meteorite strikes by a thin sheet of lava . That makes the tube a good candidate for further exploration or possible inhabitation , the article says . "  Lunar lava tubes are a potentially important location for a future lunar base , whether for local exploration and development , or as an outpost to serve exploration beyond the Moon , " writes the team , led by Junichi Haruyama , a senior researcher with the Japanese space agency JAXA . "  Any intact lava tube could serve as a shelter from the severe environment of the lunar surface , with its meteorite impacts , high-energy UV radiation and energetic particles , and extreme diurnal temperature variations . " Lava tubes have previously been discovered on the moon , but the scientists say the new hole is notable because of its lava shield and because it does not appear to be prone to collapse . Lave tubes exist on Earth and also have been found on Mars . The cylinder-shaped caverns can be carved out by lava flows , volcanic eruptions , seismic activity or ground collapse resulting from meteoroid strikes . The scientists used high-resolution images from a Japanese moon orbiter called SELENE to discover this lunar lava tube . The findings were published November 12 , but they grabbed the attention of the public this week . NASA is reportedly working on plans to return to the moon by 2020 and to set up a temporary lunar colony by 2025 as part of the Constellation Program . Funding for the program , however , remains somewhat in question . The American space agency could not be reached for comment .	Scientists find deep hole on moon that could be suitable for colony Discovery of "  lava tube " is published in journal of American Geophysical Union Lava tubes have been found before , but this one is protected by "  lava sheet " Report says that shield protects hole from meteorites and harsh temperatures
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Wednesday he was unaware of any disclosure of classified information from the scandal engulfing former CIA Director David Petraeus and Gen. John Allen , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , that could damage national security . "  I have no evidence at this point from what I 've seen that classified information was disclosed that in any way would have had a negative impact on our national security , " Obama said in his first post-election news conference . Obama , addressing the ongoing controversy for the first time publicly , said Petraeus tendered his resignation because his actions "  did not meet the standards he felt were necessary as the director of the CIA . " The former four-star general admitted last Friday that he had had an extramarital affair with a woman who was later identified as a co-author of his biography . The FBI is also investigating Allen over his contacts with another woman whose complaints about anonymous , harassing e-mails led to the discovery of the Petraeus affair . When asked if he should have known about the investigation into his former CIA chief earlier , the president said he is "  withholding judgment " because all of the information is not yet available . "  I 'm going to wait and see ... how this whole process unfolded , " Obama added . The scandal has threatened to complicate Obama 's focus on critical negotiations with Congress over spending cuts and taxes . It has also raised questions surrounding the CIA 's response to congressional inquiries into the September terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . On that matter , Obama offered a fierce defense of U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , who has come under scrutiny for public comments in the days following the attack in which she placed blame for it on a mob enraged by an anti-Muslim video . The president said Rice was speaking with the information provided by the intelligence community and has acted with "  skill , professionalism , toughness and grace . " In response to statements Wednesday from Sen. John McCain and Sen. Lindsey Graham , who said they would block a potential Rice nomination for a Cabinet position , Obama said if the lawmakers want to "  go after somebody , they should go after me . I 'm happy to have that discussion with them . " "  For them to go after the U.N. ambassador , who had nothing to do with Benghazi and was simply making a presentation based on intelligence that she had received , and besmirch her reputation is outrageous , " he said . On another pressing foreign policy issue , Obama said he was not ready to arm the Syrian opposition movement , saying that the nation needed to avoid indirectly providing weapons to groups or people who would seek to harm Americans or Israelis . The United States is supporting a new coalition of Syrian dissidents and is seeking to accelerate assistance in their effort to force Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to leave office . On budget matters at home , Obama opened the door to compromise regarding the impending fiscal cliff of tax increases and spending cuts . The president said he was encouraged by recent comments from members of the Republican Party surrounding the need for more revenue from the wealthiest Americans as part of a plan to reduce the deficit . "  Both parties voted to set this deadline , and I believe both parties can make these decisions together ... in a balanced and responsible way , " Obama said . Obama stood by his previous statements about tax rates . He called on House Republicans to agree to Senate-passed proposals that would extend current tax rates for those making $ 250,000 a year while allowing rates to return to higher levels for those making over that amount and insisted he would not accept a lower tax rate for the wealthiest 2 % of Americans . His comments should not come as a surprise , he said , given his statements during the election . "  I 've got one mandate to help middle class families and families working hard to get into the middle class , " Obama said . He specifically referenced a letter he received from a man in Tennessee who said he did not vote for Obama . The voter said he was watching Obama 's comments recently on CNN about the fiscal cliff and said his hope "  is that we can make progress in light of personal and party principles , special interest groups , and years of business as usual . We 've got to work together and put our differences aside . " After reading from the letter , Obama added : "  I could n't say it better myself . That 's precisely what I intend to do . " The president is often criticized for not forging relationships with Congress , to the detriment of his agenda . On Wednesday he acknowledged that history and said he can "  always do better . " His relationships have n't "  always manifested itself in the kind of agreement I 'd like to see between Democrats and Republicans , " he said . Obama is set meet with major CEOs following his news conference , some of whom flexed their political muscle to defeat Democrats in elections last week . He is expected to find backing for some of the administration 's positions ahead of negotiations with Congress on avoiding the fiscal cliff . Leaders of the largest companies have indicated they are holding back hiring and spending because they are worried about Washington gridlock over the fiscal cliff . The president sat down Tuesday with labor leaders and the heads of six independent groups involved in organizing grassroots support for progressive causes and told them that he intended to allow the Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans while preserving them for middle-income earners , according to several people at that meeting . "  The president was very strong on saying there 's going to be an end to the Bush tax cuts one way or another , " said one participant who requested anonymity to discuss the off-the-record meeting . Obama is to meet with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker John Boehner and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at the White House on Friday . The president took on two other issues that he has said he will address during his second term : immigration and climate change . An increase in the Hispanic vote that helped him win battleground states , created an opening , Obama said , to pass comprehensive immigration reform , something he and members of Congress failed to pass during his first term . He expects a bill to be introduced soon after his inauguration in January , adding an agreement should address border security and pathways to citizenship for thousands of illegal immigrants if they go to college or serve in the military . Obama also reaffirmed his belief that "  climate change is real " and is "  impacted by human behavior and carbon emissions . " He said it could be tackled if members of both political parties are prepared to make some "  tough political " decisions . The last time Obama held a full-blown news conference at the White House , his first campaign rally was two months away and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum looked to have the upper hand over Mitt Romney in the GOP presidential primaries . To be sure , in some ways the political landscape has changed dramatically since Obama fielded questions from the White House press corps on March 6 : He is now assured of four more years in the Oval Office and can claim fresh leverage in his dealings with Republicans over reaching a budget deal . But in many ways , the political environment closely mirrors what it looked like eight months ago : Republicans remain in control of the House of Representatives , the GOP leadership maintains it is opposed to any measure that will raise tax rates on the nation 's top earners and the president 's approval rating remains stubbornly stuck around a less-than impressive 50 % . Moreover , with election-year politics having largely rendered Congress unproductive over the past year , many of the same issues remain at the forefront as they did the last time the president held a formal news conference -- namely the ballooning national debt , the tepid economic recovery , unrest in the Middle East and the specter of a nuclear Iran . To be fair , Obama has taken the national media 's questions in other forums since his March news conference , most recently in late August when he made an unannounced stop at the regular White House briefing in the midst of the heated campaign and a week before the start of the Republican National Convention . But he only took four questions that day and the entire session lasted less than 30 minutes . Moreover , the president ran for re-election while largely ignoring White House reporters in favor of local outlets and entertainment shows . Pressed on why he was n't taking more questions from national media outlets , Obama campaign aides said the president could reach more battleground voters via local news than through network television programs or national publications . Fiscal cliff headache for middle class Those interviews were largely filled with predictable softball questions , though it should be noted that one Colorado news anchor drew wide praise for aggressively questioning the president over conflicting White House accounts in the aftermath of the Benghazi attack . The president also showed a preference for more light-hearted forms of media during the course of the campaign , granting interviews with comedians Jon Stewart and Jay Leno , daytime talk show "  The View , " and MTV 's Sway Calloway . Again , Obama aides stressed the president was likely to reach more undecided voters through these programs than traditional news shows . But critics , including some who are part of the very press corps Obama appeared to be ignoring , questioned whether the president was attempting to dodge more hard-edged questions . Indeed , White House press secretary Jay Carney was asked last week if the president 's more or less avoidance of the White House press corps over the last eight months showed a "  certain amount of disdain " for them . "  Absolutely not , " Carney replied . "  Absolutely not . The president was out there campaigning for re-election and giving interviews daily to reporters ... from news organizations across the country , from regional newspapers and television stations , and answered a lot of tough questions . " Poll : Public concern over effects of the ` fiscal cliff ' Alex Mooney and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama expects immigration bill to be introduced after inauguration Obama offered fierce defense of U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice over Benghazi comments Obama said unaware of any disclosure from Petraeus scandal that could harm national security President opened door to compromise regarding the impending fiscal cliff
CNN  -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld , now at least one school class says it 's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "  Blackfish . " The overnight trip to SeaWorld has been a tradition for fifth-graders at Point Dume Marine Science Elementary School in Malibu , California , for at least a decade , according to Principal Rebecca Johnson , but concerns from parents and students including one determined 10-year-old prompted a decision to go elsewhere on this year 's trip . Although Johnson mostly credited parents for influencing the change , several parents CNN spoke with said 10-year-old Kirra Kotler played a major role in the decision . The girl watched the film "  Blackfish " with her parents and immediately afterward announced , "  I never want to go to SeaWorld again , " according to her father , Kirby Kotler . The Kotler family had taken trips to SeaWorld several times , he said . Kirby , 50 , who attended Point Dume the year it first opened , said the entire family was affected by the film but Kirra became especially determined . "  She 's always said she 's going to be a veterinarian , " Kirby said . "  She 's very passionate about animals . " ` Blackfish ' : A chilling doc on captive killer whales A SeaWorld spokesman told CNN by e-mail that Point Dume "  is the only instance of a camp cancellation that we 've experienced . " Dave Koontz , SeaWorld 's communications director , also wrote that the theme park believes "  Blackfish " is misleading and inaccurate . "  It 's disappointing that this year 's class  from Point Dume  will not be participating because of the film , " he wrote . "  Blackfish " -- which first aired on CNN in October -- traces a 39-year history of killer whales in captivity leading up to the 2010 killing of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by the 12,000-pound orca , Tilikum , a whale previously associated with the death of two other people . At least seven entertainers and groups , from the Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies to country music singer Martina McBride , have canceled appearances at SeaWorld in the wake of "  Blackfish . " After seeing the film , Kirra Kirby wanted to share it with her friends , her father said . She was determined to get the school to consider other options for the annual trip . ` Blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks "  She 's very shy , " Kirby said of his daughter . "  But she finally found her voice . " Kirby said Kirra launched a word-of-mouth to campaign for the change , in some cases receiving backlash from fellow students who thought she was trying to cancel their overnight trip entirely instead of just changing the destination . Principal Johnson said she is in the process of verifying details for a new trip . Willie Nelson : ` What they do at SeaWorld is not OK '	A Malibu , California , school has sent students to SeaWorld annually But the film "  Blackfish " prompts parents and a determined student to push for change A school trip is canceled -- SeaWorld says it 's the first , and it 's "  disappointing " Several performers have canceled SeaWorld dates since "  Blackfish " aired
Muirfield  CNN  -- It is a British Open Sunday dripping with potential storylines . Another sun-drenched day on Muirfield 's links ended with Tiger Woods in the hunt to break his five-year major drought ; standing in his way is a man gunning for his first at the 62nd attempt . Lee Westwood played in his first Open Championship 18 years ago and is still to claim his breakthrough title after years spent hovering around the game 's top echelons . On increasingly parched terrain , the 40-year-old Englishman 's much-maligned putting stroke held firm over the closing holes as he entered the sanctuary of the clubhouse on three-under , a lead of two shots . Woods lies locked on one-under with fellow American Hunter Mahan , whose 68 was the best round of the day , while Masters champion Adam Scott , from Australia , is a further shot back on level par . Day two : Veteran Jimenez leads at halfway The tournament 's overnight leader , Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez , slipped six shots off the pace after carding a disappointing 77 while Sweden 's Henrik Stenson is in a clutch of players on one-over that includes two-time major winner Angel Cabrera . Westwood has come close on several occasions , finishing in the top five on no fewer than eight occasions , but his run of 61 majors without success is an unwanted record . Despite being on the precipice , he said he 'll sleep soundly knowing he could be hours from filling the glaring hole in his golfing resume . "  I 'm not in a high pressure situation because I 'm going to go and have dinner and I 'm so good with a knife and fork now I do n't feel any pressure at all , " he joked in a press conference . "  I 'll think about winning the Open Championship tonight at some stage I 'm sure -- I do n't think there 's anything wrong with picturing yourself holding the Claret Jug on the final green . "  But when it comes down to it tomorrow and I tee off about 3pm I 'll be in the same frame of mind as I was today . "  Even though I have n't won a major championship I know what it takes to win one . It 's just a case of going out there tomorrow and having confidence in my game . " Day one : Brain-dead play costs McIlroy Woods , meanwhile , was upbeat about his chances of securing a 15th major , having grappled with a loss of form and a series of injuries since his last triumph , at the U.S. Open in 2008 , when he played with Westwood on the final day . But with four PGA Tour titles under his belt already this season the 37-year-old has underlined his ability to close out tournaments . "  I 'm only two back , there 's only guy ahead of me and we 'll see what they do tomorrow , " Woods told a press conference . "  I noticed everybody this morning was leaving the ball short , could n't get a ball in the hole . "  I 'm looking forward to the challenge of it , I 've been in this position before over the last five years . I 've been in that mix and I 'm in it again . "  Hopefully I can play well and win the tournament . " Unsurprisingly for a man into his 19th Open campaign , Westwood 's popularity among the patrons of the tournament was cemented long ago , reflected in the vociferous thousands who cheered him on through his round . Debate : Single-sex clubs : Not just for golfers ? One of the biggest roars was reserved for his eagle on the fifth hole , propelling him back into credit after an early bogey . A birdie on the seventh was immediately canceled out by dropped shots on eight and nine as he teetered towards the turn . Woods balanced two birdies with two bogeys on the front nine as both players began the homeward stretch on exactly the same score as they had set off with from the first tee . But it was Westwood whose nerve held strongest as the pair , and the swelled ranks of the gallery , winded their way back towards Muirfield 's clubhouse , a landmark that has stood on the East Lothian coast since 1891 . A birdie was a formality for Westwood after a delicate approach to the 14th but his round threatened to disintegrate on the par three 16th hole after shoving his tee shot into the thick rough that has tied many of the world 's finest players in knots this week . After a fluffed second and a third that left him with much to do , the man who moved to Florida to hone his shot game holed a critical putt to limit the damage . Meanwhile Woods saw his birdie attempt shave the left side of the hole . It was to prove a costly miss when his tee shot on the 17th trickled into one of the many sand traps that complement these famous links . Woods missed a ten foot putt for par while Westwood made one of similar range to edge to three-under and prise open a slice of daylight between himself and the chasing pack . Mahan is also searching for his first major championship and his round of 68 was better than anything produced on the third day of competition . He 'll be in the final pairing with Westwood on Sunday . "  You 've got to have the belief before you can win it , " Mahan explained to reporters . "  I think with trusting yourself you can go out there and do all kinds of great stuff . " U-Turns But as the denouement of this great sporting drama enters its twilight hour , it is the names of Westwood and Woods that will burn the lips of fans who 'll pour through the gates on the last day of competition . As the pair shook hands after regulation pars on the final green they departed knowing they are only 18 holes from ending the drought , but will it be five or 18 years of pain erased come Sunday evening in Scotland ? Or will the agony of waiting continue ? The wait for next year 's British Open ended swiftly for Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee as he made a U-turn from London 's Heathrow airport back to Edinburgh after finding out he had made the cut for the weekend . "  This is the first time in my life that this has happened to me but it was quite fun ! " said Thongchai , who added ruefully he had been looking forward to seeing his family in Thailand . Former Open champion Paul Lawrie had to abandon walking his dog after also heading home to Aberdeenshire only to find out he had also survived the cut .	England 's Lee Westwood takes a two-shot lead after the third round of the British Open Americans Tiger Woods and Hunter Mahan are two shots behind on one-under Masters champion Adam Scott is one shot further adrift on even par Spain 's overnight leader Miguel Angel Jimenez drops back to 11th on three over
CNN  -- Greece 's elections this weekend could trigger the country 's exit from the euro -- but even that might not save Europe from splintering , the head of insurance giant AXA has warned . Henri de Castries told CNN "  a Greek exit wo n't solve everything , " adding the problems in Europe are "  more complex than that . " De Castries , a fan of Greek mythology , believes a Greek exit would be akin to opening a Pandora 's box . "  Opening the box is very tempting before and very disastrous afterwards , " he said . De Castries said there were "  flaws " in the construction of the euro which have created the cracks . "  It was a case of putting the cart before the horse , " he said . "  Economic policies were not converging enough and the disciplines were not strong enough to allow for a stable position in the long run . " The worst-case scenario , according to de Castries , would be a disorderly default by Greece leading to its collapse out of the euro . Further , Italy and Spain could suffer bank runs that could exacerbate the bloc 's pain . However , such an outcome could be avoided should a moderate party win a majority in the Greek elections , securing the country 's future in the eurozone , he said . De Castries points to the Spanish banking crisis as one which must be resolved so Europe can allay concerns about the strength of its firewalls . "  We need to be sure that we do n't just have the fire brigade , " he said , "  but that water is coming out of the pipe . The Spanish case is a good test for that . " AXA , the second-biggest insurer in Europe , has been offloading its investments in Greek debt -- at a 78 % write-down -- and no longer buys Italian and Spanish debt , as it seeks to distance itself from the deepening crisis . De Castries said the company 's investment portfolio is being kept diverse : "  We have approximately 80 % of our assets in bonds , of which half or a little less are in sovereign bonds . The other half is in corporate bonds and 20 % are in other asset classes such as equities and real estate , " he added . CNN 's Anna Stewart contributed to this article	Eurozone 's economic troubles are too complex to be solved by a Greek exit , says AXA CEO Henri de Castries says the insurer is keen to diversify its investments There are flaws in the construction of the euro , he says De Castries : Bank-run in Italy and Spain is the worst-case scenario
CNN  -- A deputy stopped to help a motorist in Utah on Thursday , and the motorist allegedly shot him dead . Then he wounded two more deputies while running from the law . That 's how Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy described a high-speed , bullet-riddled rampage that went on for 50 miles across two counties , until officers were able to corner a suspect . They critically wounded him in a shootout -- it was the fourth time the man opened fire while on the run , the sheriff said . The slain officer was Sgt. Cory Wride , a deputy who had been on the force for 19 years . Tracy knew him well and thought highly of him , he told journalists at a news conference . Wride worked directly under him for three years . "  He was a very helpful person , and that 's what he was doing , " Tracy said , visibly moved . "  He was helping people when he stopped . " The wounded deputies were hospitalized and underwent operations . One is expected to recover ; the other is in critical condition in an intensive care unit . The suspect , whom Tracy declined to name , is also expected to recover . He has a "  significant " criminal history , Tracy said . Ambush ? Wride called in a "  motorist assist " when he decided to pull off the road to aid what he thought was a disabled vehicle , Tracy said . The suspect shot Wride , while he was still in his squad car , with what "  appears to be a high-powered rifle , " Tracy said . Then he fled the scene . When other officers got the news , they took up positions at strategic posts to try to intercept the car on the run . Tracy fears the suspect may have set up the situation on purpose as a roadside ambush . "  He may have very well parked by the side of the road , hoping that some officer would stop behind him , " he said . Tragic chase After the suspect fled , a deputy called in to say that he was pursuing him . Seconds later , the officer was shot in his vehicle , wounded in the head , Tracy said . The suspect raced away but later wrecked the car he was driving . He looked for a vehicle to carjack , approaching multiple people and cars , before finding one . He later crashed it , too , Tracy said . Along the way , he continued shooting . When deputies caught up with him , the man fired at them , critically wounding yet another deputy , the sheriff 's office said . The officers wounded the suspect in the gunfight and took him into custody . The sheriff 's office plans to obtain a warrant to search the suspect 's home to try to establish a motive for the shooting rampage . Tracy personally the broke news of Sgt. Wride 's killing to his family . "  He was a good man , " the sheriff said . Wride leaves behind a wife and five children . CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Sgt. Cory Wride pulled off the road to aid what he thought was a disabled vehicle The man in the car shot him dead and fled , a sheriff says Another deputy who pursued him was wounded in the chase Officers cornered the suspect , who was arrested after wounding another officer
Tooele , Utah  CNN  -- Syria has been given a year to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal , or face the threat of a U.S. military strike . Yet it may come as a surprise that the United States has still not destroyed all of its massive supply of deadly nerve agents . In fact , neither has Russia . Both Washington and Moscow signed the Chemical Weapons Convention of the 1990s , which forbid the use , production and stockpiling of chemical weapons . And both countries missed the convention 's extended deadline last year to destroy all of their chemical weapons . This fact was highlighted during Friday 's ceremony awarding the 2013 Nobel Peace Prize to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , which is helping to eliminate the Syrian army 's stockpiles of poison gas . "  Certain states have not observed the deadline , which was April 2012 , for destroying their chemical weapons , " the Nobel committee noted in its official announcement of the coveted peace prize . "  This applies especially to the USA and Russia . " The United States estimates it will be at least another decade before it completes destruction of the remaining 10 % of its chemical weapons , estimated at more than 3,100 tons . Russia has more than five times that amount left to destroy , according to the OPCW . While it 's unclear exactly how many chemical weapons Syria has , U.S. intelligence and other estimates put its chemical weapons stockpile at about 1,000 tons stored in dozens of sites . Syria 's chemical arsenal at a glance The United Nations has given Syria until mid-2014 to destroy that arsenal and U.N. weapons inspectors have expressed optimism that this deadline can be reached , despite having to dart in and out of battle zones amid Syria 's bloody civil war . Wade Mathews , who once worked on the U.S. project to destroy its chemical stockpile , is n't so sure that Syria can meet that deadline . He said the U.S. effort took billions of dollars , the cooperation of many levels of government -- including the military -- and a safe environment to make sure the destruction was done safely . "  We had a coordinated effort , we had a government that insisted that it be done safely and that the community was protected , " said Mathews , who now works with the Tooele County emergency management team , which makes sure the Utah community is aware of the project . "  I do n't think those things are in place in Syria . " Mathews briefly worked at the Desert Army Chemical Depot in Tooele , a desert town bracketed by mountains outside of Salt Lake City where 43 % of the nation 's chemical weapons were once stored . The rest was stored at eight other sites around the country . The weapons were first warehoused at the Tooele facility in 1942 , during World War II , and grew over time . At one point , the United States once housed the majority of its chemical arsenal -- 13,000 tons -- and a million munitions at the facility . Tooele was chosen because military leaders figured Japanese warplanes could hit the West Coast but not fly over the mountains to Utah without refueling , said Richard Trujillo , who spent 40 years working at the facility . "  There was mustard gas originally ... a lot of smoke-type bombs , smoke pods , " Trujillo recalled . Then , in the 1950s , a lot of nerve gas was transported to the facility , he said . Eventually , the United States signed the international chemical treaty in the 1990s and got serious about getting rid of the chemicals in a way that would not harm the environment or the people working at the plant or living in the area . While the process was slow and expensive , Trujillo said there was not a single casualty despite the volatility of some of the chemicals . "  You know the whole task is nothing short of miraculous in my mind , " Trujillo said . "  And I was part of it . " Today there are no weapons at the Tooele facility . The process of safely getting rid of these chemicals and munitions took 16 years , and was finally completed last year . Workers there will soon begin the process of dismantling the plants needed to do the job . Yet , there are still more than 3,000 tons of chemical weapons left in the United States , stored at two remaining facilities at Pueblo , Colorado , and Bluegrass , Kentucky . The majority is in Pueblo , where officials plan to start in 2015 destroying 2,600 tons of mustard blister chemicals stored in projectiles in liquid form . The process is expected to take four years . At the Bluegrass plant outside Lexington , Kentucky , there are 523 tons of mustard agent , VX and sarin nerve agents . Officials predict the job of destroying that arsenal , which is slated to start in 2020 , will be completed in 2023 . The world 's attention turned to Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile after the United States and other countries accused Syria of using chemical weapons in an August 21 attack outside Damascus , a strike Washington says killed more than 1,400 people -- including many women and children . Syria denies the accusation and says its own troops have faced poison gas attacks by rebel forces in the civil war that began in 2011 . Last month , the U.N. Security Council later voted unanimously to require Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons or face consequences . The U.N. team in Syria overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons says the Assad regime is cooperating . Securing Syria 's chemical weapons wo n't be easy It 's unclear how these weapons can be found , secured , and safely destroyed by next year in the middle of a protracted conflict , considering that it is expected to take the United States three years to destroy half of the chemical weapons that Syria is estimated to have -- and that 's in a remote part of Kentucky with no civil war . Asked about that , the U.S. Department of Defense told CNN in a written statement that it 's "  inaccurate to draw parallels between the U.S. chemical demilitarization program and the international cooperation that will be required to destroy the chemical stockpile in Syria . " Defected general says Syria will never give up chemical weapons CNN 's Elizabeth M. Nunez contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	The United States still has more than 3,000 tons of chemical weapons It agreed to destroy all of its stockpile in the 1990s It expects the remaining 10 % to be eliminated in another decade Syria has a year to get rid of its estimated 1,000 tons of chemical weapons
U.S. and allied airstrikes in Iraq and Syria are changing the battlefield below . The Pentagon sees progress , even if it 's a slog . But there may be unintended consequences of the air campaign -- in a way that will give the West yet another headache . The two most powerful Islamist groups in Syria -- the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  and al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra -- have spent much of the last year killing each other . But in an interview with CNN , a senior al-Nusra commander says the two groups now have a common enemy : the "  crusaders ' coalition . " Abu Al-Muthana al-Ansari , an al-Nusra commander in Aleppo , said in a Skype interview : "  We ca n't fight on the crusaders ' side against a Muslim . Allah said in the Koran that ` those who support them become one of them . ' " Two groups , whose bitter split was a windfall for other rebel groups and for the West , may be making up . Al-Nusra leader Abu Muhammad al-Julani -- in a rare public declaration -- has described the airstrikes as an assault on Islam , and warned the Western public : "  This is what will take the battle to the heart of your land , for the Muslims will not stand as spectators watching their sons bombed and killed in their lands , while you stay safe in your lands . " Were ISIS and al-Nusra to call a truce or even unite under one banner in the face of U.S. bombardment , the balance of power among rebel groups in Syria would change radically . A militant Islamist coalition would likely overwhelm more moderate rebel groups -- and pose a greater threat to the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Against a background of mistrust and brutality , a formal ISIS-al-Nusra alliance does not seem on the table -- but if al-Ansari is correct , more "  local understandings " against Syrian regime forces are likely . Asked about a recent statement by ISIS that it would soon extend its presence in southern Syria  the northern provinces of Raqqa and Deir ez-Zor are its strongholds  , al-Ansari welcomed the declaration . "  We support any group that raises the flag of Allah and his Prophet and fights the infidel Alawites , and there is coordination in Al-Qalamoun -LSB- an area on the Syria-Lebanon border -RSB- , " he said . Qalamoun has seen heavy clashes between Islamist rebel groups and Syrian regime militia , supported by the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah . Reports from the area Sunday spoke of high casualties as al-Nusra and ISIS joined forces against Hezbollah . "  There is mutual understanding between us and the brothers in the Islamic State not to fight each other and fight the Infidel -LSB- al-Assad -RSB- regime , " al-Ansari added . ISIS appears to have reciprocated . It says it has released from jails in Raqqa many of the al-Nusra commanders and fighters it captured during fighting between the groups . Anger over strikes on al-Nusra U.S. officials said the targets in the first strikes on Syria last month included buildings west of Aleppo belonging to a group called Khorasan , an offshoot of al-Nusra focused on attacking the West . But at least one senior al-Nusra commander , Abu Yousuf al Turki , was reported killed in those strikes in the town of Kfar Deryan . Documents later found in the rubble by Jenan Moussa , a respected reporter for Dubai-based network Al Aan , suggest that an elite group inside al-Nusra known as the Wolf Unit had been hit . Moussa posted photographs of documents with the names of 13 foreign fighters who belonged to the Wolf Unit , including al Turki . CNN can not verify the documents . But al-Ansari suggested there was no difference between "  the brothers in Khorasan " and al-Nusra , saying "  they are not a separate organization . Everyone in al-Nusra in Syria follows the al Qaeda organization . " Whatever debate there may be over the name of the unit targeted , and who was killed , the strikes appear to have hardened the resolve of al-Nusra . In his audio message , released five days after the U.S. strikes , al-Julani said : "  Do not let the West and America take advantage of the injustice of the Islamic State upon you ... Those who are unable to repulse the Islamic State or others , then let them do so without being a partner with the crusader alliance . " In other words : However bad ISIS are , do n't take sides with the West . Al-Julani stopped short of holding out an olive branch to ISIS . The only way al-Nusra could formally join ISIS is by pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , thereby declaring its own extinction . Al-Nusra leaders will also be aware that if Western strikes severely degrade ISIS , al-Nusra could fill the void . The acid test will be what happens at local level . The Syrian Observatory of Human Rights reports that a few dozen al-Nusra fighters joined ISIS in the Aleppo area after U.S. airstrikes began . Further targeting of al-Nusra facilities by U.S. strikes might hasten that process . Also critical in coming weeks will be the relationship between al-Nusra and more moderate rebel groups . A recent analysis from the International Crisis Group  ICG  concluded that al-Nusra "  overcame initial unpopularity among mainstream activists and militants to earn broad acceptance as an authentic , Syrian component of the uprising . " In the words of one secular rebel , quoted by the ICG , "  Everyone cooperates with al-Nusra to some extent ; sometimes you need them to come in and blow something up . " But al-Julani warned al-Nusra will fight any group that takes American cash and weapons , condemning "  the traitorous factions that were bought by the West with some money and ammunition so as to be a pawn in its hands ... " according to a translation by SITE Intelligence . Al-Ansari , the al-Nusra commander in Aleppo , echoed that line , telling CNN : "  Those who seek glory without Allah 's support will be humiliated . And if it was proved that the brothers in the Free Syrian Army and other Mujahedeen have taken weapons form America , then we can not work with them . America is the one who fought Islam and Muslims everywhere . " The problem is these groups need al-Nusra 's help against both ISIS and the regime -- but they also need Washington 's money , training and weapons to survive . Some are angry that U.S. bombs have fallen on al-Nusra rather than the bases and troops of the al-Assad regime ; it just makes their job more difficult . The outcome may be some form of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " whereby some rebel groups will get U.S. help but continue to co-operate and even share resources with al-Nusra . That is not to suggest mutual trust ; groups like the Syrian Revolutionaries ' Front are wary of al-Nusra 's goal of an Islamic state in Syria and of its more aggressive approach to other factions in recent months . But they are incapable of taking on al-Nusra , ISIS and the al-Assad regime ; it would be tactical suicide . The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run The view from head office The evolving Syrian battle lines will be closely monitored by al-Zawahiri and al Qaeda 's senior leadership in the Afghan-Pakistan border area . They will want al-Nusra to hold the line against ISIS , rather than ride to the rescue of a prodigal son . Al-Zawahiri was both humiliated and eclipsed by ISIS ' defiance of al Qaeda , appalled by its nihilistic violence and outraged by al-Baghdadi 's impudence in declaring himself ` Caliph . ' Just two days before al-Julani 's message was released , an al Qaeda spokesman reiterated the party line . In a 15-minute taped speech , Abu Dujana al-Basha managed to avoid mentioning ISIS , but the message was unmistakable . The ISIS caliphate , he said , was illegitimate . "  We call to restore the rightly-guided caliphate on the prophetic method , and not on the method of deviation , lying , breaking promises , and abrogating allegiances , " al-Basha declared , according to a translation by SITE . And he condemned "  people of extremism , ignorance , and excessiveness , who infidel-brand the worshipers , kill the monotheists , sow corruption in jihad " -- barely disguised code for ISIS . The theme is repeated ; there will be no accommodation with "  those who helped ignite sedition . " So it would be a severe blow to al Qaeda if al-Nusra were to fold itself into ISIS . Counterterrorism analysts argue about whether the tail is wagging the dog : whether al-Zawahiri is trying breathlessly to keep up with myriad groups adopting the al Qaeda moniker , or actually shaping their activities . FBI Director James Comey said recently : "  There is not a highly capable , functioning AQSL -LSB- al Qaeda Senior Leadership -RSB- " in the Afghanistan-Pakistan area . Khorasan -- in his estimation -- was another example of the affiliates overshadowing the leadership thanks to "  refugees from Afghanistan and Pakistan . " The worst outcome for al-Zawahiri and al Qaeda 's senior leadership would be for ISIS to survive and defy an extensive campaign to destroy it , and instead to hold or even take more territory . Its intent is to do just that , believing attack is the best form of defense . Within the past two weeks , it has captured scores of Kurdish villages in northeastern Syria , laid siege to the town of Kobani , stepped up the pressure in the Aleppo countryside and evicted the Iraqi army from several bases in Anbar province . ISIS ' ability to withstand U.S. and allied strikes and to hold its ground will be decisive in shaping the attitudes of other rebel groups -- including al-Nusra -- as well as al Qaeda central and the al-Assad regime .	The two most powerful Islamist groups in Syria have spent months killing each other Now , U.S. and allied airstrikes could have an unintended consequence ISIS and al Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra could find a common enemy : the U.S.-led allied effort "  We ca n't fight on the crusaders ' side against a Muslim . " says an al-Nura commander
CNN  -- The leader of the Nigerian secessionist state of Biafra , where haunting images of underfed children caught in a civil war shocked the world , has died at age 78 , officials said Saturday . Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu died in the United Kingdom , according to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan . A government spokesman said Ojukwu died from effects of a stroke . The 1967-1970 Biafra civil war occurred after Yakubu Gowon took power in a coup d'etat in 1966 . Ojukwu , than a military governor , and his followers rejected plans for reconciliation following violence against the Igbo people in the north and broke away . "  He cited as the principal cause for this action the Nigerian government 's inability to protect the lives of easterners and suggested its culpability in genocide , depicting secession as a measure taken reluctantly after all efforts to safeguard the Igbo people in other regions had failed , " according to globalsecurity.org , a public policy organization . Estimates of the number of dead from hostilities , disease , and starvation during the 30-month civil war are estimated at between 1 million and 3 million , according to globalsecurity.org . The war ended in January 1970 , when Ojukwu fled and Biafra was reabsorbed by Nigeria . Multi-ethnic Nigeria has been plagued by religious and communal violence since independence from Britain in 1960 . "  Chief Ojukwu  s immense love for his people , justice , equity and fairness which forced him into the leading role he played in the Nigerian civil war , as well as his commitment to reconciliation and the full reintegration of his people into a united and progressive Nigeria in the aftermath of the war , will ensure that he is remembered forever as one of the great personalities of his time who stood out easily as a brave , courageous , fearless , erudite and charismatic leader , " Jonathan said in a statement . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Chukwemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu dies at age 78 He led secessionist state of Biafra in the late 1960s Nigeria has history of ethnic division
CNN  -- Wicked weather dominated much of the American Midwest and westward on Friday . A tornado laden storm shocked the people of Wayne , Nebraska , as afternoon turned to evening . The National Weather Service reported Saturday , based on a preliminary assessment , that the Wayne twister produced EF-4 damage -- which means it likely carried gusts of between 166 and 200 mph . A few people sustained minor injuries , but luckily no one was killed , said mayor Ken Chamberlain . The storm produced one or several tornadoes , officials said , that touched down in five spots . Louisville flooding : Knee-deep water could get worse "  The primary damage is mostly in the industrial area of Wayne , " Chamberlain said . "  Approximately 10-12 houses were destroyed but everyone is accounted for and safe . " The storm flipped cars , trapping motorists and ruptured a natural gas line in Wayne , the state 's emergency management agency said . "  Hazmat is on the scene dealing with the gas leakage , " said spokeswoman Jodie Fawl . The American Red Cross is sending teams to the scene , said Liz Dorland of the agency 's Nebraska/Southwest Iowa regional chapter . The agency is "  working with local authorities and emergency management to see what the needs are and  to  respond as needed , " she said . Fifteen people injured by the storm were taken to Providence Medical Center in Wayne , hospital spokesperson Sandra Bartling said . No deaths from the tornado had been reported , officials said . Farther west , in Rapid City , South Dakota , and in eastern Wyoming , a winter storm caused locals to take cover . Half the approximately 60,000 residents of Rapid City were without power as of Friday evening , said Jerry Reichert , a battalion chief with the Rapid City Fire Department . Reichert said firefighters responded to reports of several people stuck in the road because of the weather . At least one tree landed on the roof of a home on Friday , but Reichert said he was not aware of any fatalities or injuries as of Friday evening . In the morning , Rapid City police issued a "  no travel " advisory for the city . They described conditions as "  deteriorating quickly " and warned travelers that visibility was "  at about a quarter-mile . " Police also warned that "  thick slush on the roads is causing vehicles to hydroplane . " Tropical Storm Karen weakens In Wyoming , road closures also dominated travel . A dispatcher for the Wyoming Highway Patrol said the majority of Interstate 25 in the state had been shut because of bad weather . A small stretch in the middle of the state , around Casper , remained open , but it was restricted to necessary travel , the dispatcher said . Dave Kingham , a spokesman for the Wyoming Department of Transportation , said Interstate 80 westbound between Laramie , Wyoming , and Cheyenne , Wyoming , was closed after an early evening accident . On the eastbound side of that same stretch , Kingham said , the "  chain law " was in effect . That means vehicles must use chains or snow tires to travel the interstate legally . On average , Kingham said , the closed stretch of I-80 accommodates about 6,000 vehicles each day . Hidden in National Weather Service forecast : P-L-E-A-S-E-P-A-Y-U-S CNN 's Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Weather service : Wayne , Nebraska , tornado produced EF-4 damage Minor injuries but no deaths were reported there , despite the winds Power knocked out to half the residents of Rapid City , South Dakota Interstate 80 westbound tangled by wreck in Wyoming
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Cosmetic advertisements in Asia are targeting men with blunt campaigns aimed at skin color that one lawmaker labels racist . A still from a commercial for Emani 's skin whitener . In one TV commercial , two men , one with dark skin , the other with light skin ; stand on a balcony overlooking a neighborhood . The dark skin guy turns to his friend and says in Hindi , "  I am unlucky because of my face . " His light skin friend replies , "  Not because of your face , because of the color of your face . " Suddenly the light skin guy throws his friend a cream . It 's a whitening cream . It is one of several television commercials aimed at men in Pakistan and India . In the end the darker skin actor is shown several shades lighter and he gets the girl he was after . Most of the ads end up that way . The commercials are sending a not-so-subtle message to men in Asia : Get whiter skin , and you 'll get the girl and the job of your dreams . Or at the very least you 'll be noticed . "  We always have a complex towards a white skin , towards foreign skin or foreign hair , " Jawed Habib says . Watch how skin whitening ads send a harsh message " Habib should know . He owns a chain of 140 salons located in India and across the world . "  We Indian people , we Asian people are more darker , so we want to look more fair . " Skin whiteners were once targeted only to women . Now the products are a hot commodity for men . Many of the brands being advertised for men are well known around the world -- including Nivea and Garnier . A marketing study found sales for skin whitening creams have jumped more than 100 percent in rural India and sales for male grooming products are increasing 20 percent annually . Hindustan Unilever , one of the largest consumer products companies in India , noted in recent annual reports that "  skin lightening continues to be a major area of emphasis " for its skin care division . And Emami Ltd. , the company which produces "  Fair and Handsome , " sent CNN an email saying : "  Fair and Handsome is a market leader with almost 70 percent market share in India and doing extremely well in Gulf countries and the Middle East as well . " But in a country where most people have brown skin , the message being sent to men and women has some people outraged . "  Basically if you need a job you have to have white skin . If you want a good partner , a companion you need white skin and you always seem to get it once you 've used the fairness cream . Basically I think it 's completely racist and highly objectionable , " says Brinda Karat . Do you think skin-whitening commercials are racist ? Sound off below Karat is a member of India 's Parliament who has made formal complaints about the advertisements to Indian authorities . She says the ads are simply playing on a social stigma that already exists in India . To get a good look at the pervasiveness of the stigma attached to dark skin in India all you have to do is look at the want ads for Brides and Grooms in the newspaper . Arranged marriages are still commonplace in India , and the advertisements for brides and grooms often list physical attributes of the person being sought . Many of the ads list "  fair " as one of the wanted physical characteristics . "  I mean at a time when we 're talking about talents and skills , and the need for the accessibility to that to develop our potential ; what does it do to dark persons ' self esteem ? " Karat says . "  I think it should be stopped . " But the product makers say they are simply giving the public what it wants , and a few Indian consumers agreed . Deepak Rajput said : "  Everybody wants to look handsome and beautiful , why not me ? " Salon owner Jawed Habib says he will accommodate if that is what the customer wants , but he does n't push the skin whitening products . "  Why do you even think about it ? " He says : "  Let 's accept the way we are . "	Indian lawmaker slams skin whitener products as racist , highly objectionable Series of advertisements in Asia give impression light skin better than dark skin Many looking to marry say they want light-skinned partner Companies say their products are meeting a demand
CNN  -- A veteran airport screener at New York 's JFK Airport has been charged with grand larceny after he allegedly stole two iPads that were planted in a checked bag as part of a police sting . Port Authority police initiated the sting after passengers complained of electronic devices being taken from luggage . While the case highlights a recurring problem of theft at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints , one law enforcement official said it illustrates an even bigger threat . "  If they  an unscrupulous employee  can be taking stuff out of bags , what can they be putting in ? That 's a serious issue , " said the official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to talk about the case . TSA screeners at LAX arrested on narcotics trafficking charges In the JFK incident , there was no suggestion that anything other than attempted theft was involved . Police said a "  decoy bag " was placed among checked luggage at Terminal 4 at JFK on Tuesday . Police later stopped the screener as he was leaving work on board the airport 's AirTrain system . In his backpack , police found the two planted iPads that had been in the decoy bag . They also found in his possession other electronic devices and earphones that had been reported stolen from luggage , and additional stolen items in his home . Oakland traveler arrested for watch ` art ' that TSA thinks is timing device Port Authority police identified the man as Sean Henry , 32 , of Brooklyn , and said he had been a TSA screener for 10 years . Henry is charged with three counts of grand larceny , one count of petty larceny and official misconduct . Efforts by CNN to reach Henry were unsuccessful . TSA spokesman David Castelveter said the individual , who he did not name , "  is being processed for removal from TSA . " "  TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace , " Castelveter said . TSA chief a ` no-show ' at congressional hearing	Port Authority police set up a sting at New York 's JFK Airport Passengers were complaining of electronic devices being taken from luggage Two iPads were planted in a checked bag as part of the sting A TSA screener was arrested after , police say , the iPads were found in his backpack
CNN  -- All future singers of the national anthem should pay close attention to James Taylor 's performance at Game 2 of the World Series on October 24 . If you 're going to make a mistake , this is the way to make it . On Thursday , the musician was at Fenway Park in Boston to lead the stadium in a rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " But when he opened his mouth to sing , the words of "  America the Beautiful " started pouring out . Rather than "  Oh , say can you see , " Taylor kicked off the song with , "  Oh , beautiful ... " But the singer quickly -- and rather smoothly -- recovered , going straight into the correct lyrics without missing a beat . While other singers have caught major flak for messing up the words to the national anthem at such events , Taylor did have an excuse : he was also performing "  America the Beautiful " that same night during the seventh inning stretch . He was joined by several survivos of April 's Boston Marathon attack .	James Taylor messed up his national anthem performance He began singing "  America the Beautiful " instead of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " The singer quickly and smoothly recovered
Traveling while breast-feeding is no easy feat in the best of circumstances . When Transportation Security Administration officials do n't follow the agency 's rules , getting through the airport with the gear -- and a baby -- gets more difficult . A breast-feeding incident that has had TSA critics buzzing since last week was addressed in an apologetic blog post Thursday from the agency 's "  Blogger Bob " Burns . The controversy started when an agent at Kauai 's Lihue Airport in Hawaii would n't allow passenger Amy Strand to board a plane February 29 with her breast pump because the milk bottles were empty , CNN affiliate KITV-TV in Honolulu reported . As a result Strand used her electric breast pump in a public airport restroom to fill the bottles and get them through security . She was traveling with her 9-month-old daughter , Eva . "  I had to stand in front of the mirrors and the sinks and pump my breast , in front of every tourist that walked into that bathroom , " Strand told KITV . TSA admitted its agent made a mistake shortly afterward , saying in a statement : "  We accept responsibility for the apparent misunderstanding and any inconvenience or embarrassment this incident may have caused her . The officer in question is receiving remedial training . " Burns , the TSA blogger , announced Thursday that the agency has updated its website "  to help clarify the procedures for traveling with ice packs , breast milk , juice , and water . " The policy explained on the site now explicitly says that ice packs and empty bottles are permitted through security . "  Mistakes such as this happen from time to time and for that we are truly sorry , " Burns wrote . "  However , we can and have learned from mistakes in the past , so please be sure to let us know when you think or know something could have been handled differently . " Burns advised passengers to ask for a supervisor in uncomfortable situations or to call TSA customer service numbers listed in his post -- 866-289-9673 and 855-787-2227 . Commenters on Burns ' post were n't all satisfied with his advice . One said : "  1  It has been frequently reported that TSA staff do not care whether or not something has been clearly stated on the website when they are imposing their own understanding of the rules ; 2  It has been frequently reported that polite requests to speak with supervisors are treated as defiant behavior . " Those comments may refer to a 2010 incident involving a breast-feeding mother that resulted in a lawsuit against the TSA and Department of Homeland Security . According to the suit , Stacey Armato was traveling with breast milk for her 7-month-old son and requested alternate screening for the milk at a Phoenix International Airport checkpoint to avoid X-ray exposure . The suit says the same TSA agents she had encountered in the security line at the airport the week before retaliated against her for filing a complaint when her request for alternate screening for her breast milk in that instance met with resistance . The suit alleges that on her second encounter with the agents , Armato was directed to a "  special inspection " area , where her requests to speak to a manager were refused . A uniformed police officer was also called in , according to court filings . Armato is suing on grounds of intentional infliction of emotional distress , invasion of privacy and false imprisonment . The suit alleges that screeners initially refused to review a printout that Armato provided of TSA guidelines pertaining to breast milk . The TSA said it sent a letter of apology to Armato shortly afterward . Despite some less-than-smooth incidents , many breast-feeding mothers pass through security with no trouble . One woman who said she 's a nursing mother and has n't had any trouble with security commented on the Strand incident : "  Like several have said , this is not representative of TSA as an agency , but the stupidity of that particular agent . " Breast-feeding moms , what are your experiences of traveling while nursing ? Please share your comments below .	Agent tells breast-feeding mom she ca n't board flight with empty bottles , report says TSA blogger posts apology for snafu over breast-feeding at Hawaii airport The officer made a mistake and is "  receiving remedial training , " TSA says Confusion among agents over TSA 's breast-feeding policy has happened before
CNN  -- The troubled Carnival Triumph begins a new chapter Thursday in Galveston , Texas . The ship sets sail on its first cruise since February 's engine fire left it adrift in the Gulf of Mexico , with more than 4,200 passengers enduring power outages , overflowing toilets and food shortages . Now outfitted with new emergency power capabilities and additional fire safety technology , the ship is fully booked with 3,350 passengers on a four-day voyage to Cozumel , Mexico , Carnival says . It 's scheduled to depart at 4 p.m. CT. . "  The cruises I 've been on with them , I loved it , " passenger Karl Hoehn told CNN affiliate KTRK . "  My family loved it , so I 'll give them another chance . " Carnival Triumph also has been improved with new "  operating redundancies " to keep the ship moving and the lights on , the cruise line says . February 's fire turned the ship into a high-profile news story as passengers aired their outrage and complaints via phone and e-mail , as well as Twitter , Facebook and other social media . Cruise passengers get bill of rights After the crippled ship spent eight days at sea , tugboats were able to pull it into port in Alabama , to a welcome by countless news cameras and reporters . Five things we 've learned about cruising Shortly after the incident Carnival said it would launch a comprehensive review of its 24 ships . Vessels have been upgraded to include "  the latest most technologically advanced " fire suppression systems , the cruise line said on its blog . On every ship , Carnival says , workers have installed a second emergency backup electricity generator , which will keep important passenger systems running , "  including toilets elevators and food service equipment in the highly unlikely event of a loss of main power . " Pregnant duchess names cruise ship Carnival Triumph 's troubles were the first in a string of problems that beset the cruise line this year . In March , Carnival Elation had to be escorted by a tugboat because of a malfunction in its steering system , the cruise company said . A few days later another ship , Carnival Dream , lost power and some toilets stopped working in St. Maarten in the eastern Caribbean . Shortly afterward Carnival Legend reported technical difficulties that affected its sailing speed .	Carnival Triumph in service for first time since a fire crippled the cruise ship in February It 's fully booked with 3,350 passengers on a 4-day cruise from Texas to Mexico Triumph has new emergency power capabilities , fire safety technology , says Carnival In February , passengers faced food shortages , overflowing toilets until tugs rescued ship
CNN  -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest : DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas ' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution . Czar Nicholas II , from left , daughters Olga , Maria , wife Alexandra , kids Anastasia , Alexei and Tatiana in 1917 . The chemically damaged and burnt remains were found in the Romanov family 's makeshift grave outside the city of Yekaterinburg , Russia , in 2007 . In 2008 , scientists used bone and tooth fragments to identify the remains as those of the two missing children of Czar Nicholas II : 13-year-old Crown Prince Alexei , the emperor 's only son and heir to the throne , and his sister Grand Duchess Maria , about 19 . Researchers wanted to confirm their findings by comparing DNA from the remains with that of living Romanov relatives . The results of the DNA analysis were published online Tuesday in the journal PloS One . The Romanov family , the last Russian monarchy , was executed in 1918 by Bolsheviks in the basement of a home in Yekaterinburg , about 900 miles  1,448 kilometers  east of Moscow . Several of their staff members and servants also were killed . Nicholas ' reign had ended when he abdicated the throne in 1917 at the time of the Russian Revolution . The remains of the family were discovered in 1991 , during the last days of the Soviet Union . In 1998 , those remains -- of Nicholas , his wife , Alexandra , and three daughters -- were interred in a cathedral in St. Petersburg that contains the crypts of other Russian royalty . At the time , many thought that Alexei and Maria might have escaped -- leading to hopes among royal supporters that one or both Romanovs were still alive . But clues left by one of the family 's assassins led investigators to the grave where the remains of Alexei and Maria were unearthed in 2007 . The drama surrounding the Romanovs has been the subject of many books , movies and documentaries . Several women have claimed that they were Anastasia , Nicholas ' youngest daughter , contending that they escaped the executions . The body of one impostor , Anna Anderson , was cremated when she died in 1984 . DNA tests showed she was not related to the Romanov family .	Researchers compared DNA of remains with that of living Romanov relatives Results of the DNA analysis were published online Tuesday in the journal PloS One The Romanovs , the last Russian monarchy , were executed in 1918 by Bolsheviks
CNN  -- They may be famous , but even the world 's biggest names go weak at the knees for their favorite football team . Football Fanzone talks to tennis legend Boris Becker about his true number one passion : German giants Bayern Munich . Why do you support Bayern Munich ? I am a big fan of Bayern and have been for years . I 've actually been on the advisory board for ten years . Every German kid , before they walk and before they can talk , they love their football . It is similar story for me . Before I was a tennis player I was a football player -LSB- and supporter -RSB- . So you can say that your first love was football ? Football is as much of a love as tennis . Of all the players who have played for Bayern down the years , which have stood out the most ? We 'll have to start with "  The Kaiser " , Franz Beckenbauer . He was obviously the captain of the team , and a World Cup winner , but he also won lots of national and international awards . So he was the standout . But you also had Gerd Muller , Sepp Maier , many superstars . Until now it was the most prominent club in the country . Since the 1970s it was the most successful , the richest and had the biggest fan base . Munich is the club you want to root for . Bayern had a tricky season last season , losing out to Wolfsburg for the title . Are you optimistic for this season ? True , Wolfsburg had an incredible run , but we call this a bad season because we finished second . You can imagine the standards here . This year it is not much easier with a new coach Louis Van Gaal . We 've not had the greatest of starts but we have got a new Dutch player , -LSB- former Chelsea and Real Madrid winger Arjen -RSB- Robben , who I think is going to make all the difference in the world . Can Bayern recover from this season 's slow start under Van Gaal ? If you were manager of Bayern at the moment would you change anything ? I would be a little worried about the defence . We let , in my opinion , one of the best defensive players we have ever had go , -LSB- Brazilian international -RSB- Lucio , who went to Inter Milan . I do n't know why or what happened but I do n't think we are as strong defensively as we are offensively . We have to score at least three goals to win now ! You travel around the world a lot and have a lot of commitments due to your tennis . How do you keep up with Bayern and how does your fan nature come out in your life ? We are living in the world of technology , the internet and the media . So it 's particularly easy to keep up with the latest gossip and the results . But I am still quite often in Munich and I watch the club and talk to the players . Do you have a favorite piece of memorabilia ? I have the shirt and go as often as I can . I was part of their heart breaking loss against Manchester united in Barcelona in the Champions League -LSB- final -RSB- . I was in the stadium and after I was with the players crying together . Then I was in Milan two years later and we won in the penalty shoot out against Valencia and I was celebrating with them afterwards . Those were my two most memorable moments .	Becker has been a lifelong fan of Bayern Munich "  Football is as much of a love as tennis , " he tells CNN The tennis legend has been on the advisory board at Bayern for a decade This season he believes Bayern are weaker defensively
Yelena Isinbayeva , the golden girl of Russian sport , has sought to clarify her controversial comments about gay rights and her apparent criticism of fellow athletes for highlighting the issue at the world championships in Moscow . Isinbayeva reclaimed the women 's pole vault title in front of her adoring public on Tuesday , then two days later defended her country 's anti-gay propaganda law after receiving her medal . "  If we allow to promote and do all this stuff on the street , we are very afraid about our nation because we consider ourselves like normal , standard people , " Isinbayeva said in English at a press conference . "  We just live boys with woman , women with boys . "  Everything must be fine . It comes from history . We never had any problems , these problems in Russia , and we do n't want to have any in the future . " She criticized two Swedish athletes who defied the anti-gay law by sporting what could be seen as "  propaganda " under the new regulations . High jumper Emma Green Tregaro and sprinter Mao Hjelmer wore rainbow-colored fingernails in their events in support of the gay rights movement . Green Tregaro posted a picture on her Instagram account captioned : "  Nails painted in rainbow sign #pride #moscow2013 . " "  It 's unrespectful to our country , " Isinbayeva told reporters . "  It 's unrespectful to our citizens because we are Russians . "  Maybe we are different from European people and other people from different lands . We have our home and everyone has to respect  it  . When we arrive to different countries , we try to follow their rules . " However , on Friday Isinbayeva released a statement via athletics ' ruling body claiming that she had been "  misunderstood . " "  English is not my first language and I think I may have been misunderstood when I spoke yesterday , " said the 31-year-old , who is an ambassador for the International Olympic Committee and will be mayor of the athletes ' village at the Winter Games in the Russian city of Sochi next year . CNN iReport : What it 's like to be gay in Russia "  What I wanted to say was that people should respect the laws of other countries particularly when they are guests . "  But let me make it clear I respect the views of my fellow athletes and let me state in the strongest terms that I am opposed to any discrimination against gay people on the grounds of their sexuality  which is against the Olympic charter  . " Russia 's recently implemented law , which bars "  propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations to minors , " has led to calls to boycott the Winter Olympics in Sochi . Russia hosts another massive sporting event in 2018 , soccer 's World Cup . U.S. President Barack Obama spoke about the issue last week , saying that "  nobody 's more offended than me " by the anti-gay legislation "  you 've been seeing in Russia , " and some bars around the world have also stopped serving Russian vodka in protest of Russia 's stance . U.S. runner Nick Symmonds was quoted in the New York Times criticizing Isinbayeva 's comments . "  It blows my mind that such a young , well-traveled , well-educated woman would be so behind the times , " said Symmonds , who spoke out against the law after winning a silver medal in Tuesday 's 800 meters event . He told the BBC Thursday that he had wanted to compete wearing a rainbow sticker , but was afraid of being arrested . In his blog for Runner 's World prior to the world championships , Symmonds said he disagreed "  with the laws that Russia has put in place . " Thrilling finish On the track , Trinidad and Tobago 's Jehue Gordon edged American Michael Tinsley in Thursday 's 400-meter hurdle final in a finish reminiscent of the women 's 400m three days earlier . In the latter race , Britain 's Christine Ohuruogu chased down Botswana 's Amantle Montsho and won by four-thousandth of a second . Gordon 's margin of victory was a little greater but not by much -- 47.69 seconds compared to 49.70 . Felix Sanchez , the 36-year-old from the Dominican Republic who was seeking his third title , came fifth . Kenya 's Ezekiel Kemboi claimed his third consecutive world title in the 3,000-meter steeplechase -- adding to his two Olympic gold medals -- with a time of eight minutes , 6.01 seconds . Had there been 10 more meters , he might have been caught by younger countryman Conseslus Kipruto but Kipruto had to settle for the silver .	NEW : Russia 's Yelena Isinbayeva issues statement trying to clarify controversial comments Pole vault champion says she respects the opinions of her fellow athletes Isinbayeva had criticized two Swedes for highlighting gay rights issues American 800-meter runner Nick Symmonds expresses surprise at her initial comments
CNN  -- With Snoop Dogg bowing out of his feud with Iggy Azalea , it seems Eminem is more than willing to take his place . In a leaked snippet from a new Eminem song called "  Vegas , " the controversial rapper appears to tell Iggy to put away her "  rape whistle . " "  Unless you 're Nicki/grab you by the wrist let 's ski/so what 's it gon be/put that s ** t away Iggy/You do n't wan na blow that rape whistle on me , " Eminem raps . Those lyrics come on the heels of Em taking shots at singer Lana Del Rey in a freestyle , saying that he 'd punch her "  right in the face twice " like NFL player Ray Rice , who was suspended from the league after he was seen on video knocking his then-fiance unconscious . That kind of lyricism is n't surprising from Eminem , whose rhymes have been called homophobic in addition to misogynistic and violent . The rapper has explained in the past that the words he puts on wax are part of the "  personas that I create in my music . " To Iggy Azalea , that approach is not only offensive , but uninspired . "  I 'm bored of the old men threatening young women as entertainment trend and much more interested in the young women getting $ trend , " the Australian artist tweeted on Thursday . "  It 's especially awkward because my 14 year old brother is the biggest eminem fan and now the artist he admired says he wants to rape me . nice ! " Besides , she adds , "  women in music have the bigger b *** s anyhow . " Iggy is right that she 's come up against a wave of criticism as her star power continues to rise . Last month , she went toe-to-toe with Snoop Dogg when the California rapper posted a series of mean-spirited photos and comments about the "  Fancy " rapper , including calling her a "  f **** ng c ** t. " It was n't until he had a chat with rapper T.I. that Snoop decided to fold on the feud , and offered Iggy an apology .	Eminem apparently tells Iggy Azalea to put away her "  rape whistle " in a new song Iggy Azalea responded on Twitter , shaming older rappers who harass young women Iggy : Women in music have the bigger b *** s , anyhow
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Friday that he has decided to close the country 's consulate in Miami after the United States expelled a Venezuelan diplomat in the same city . Officials in his administration had recommended closing the consulate , Chavez said . "  So we 'll close it . There wo n't be a consulate in Miami , " the president told lawmakers during his annual address to the National Assembly . "  What we will do is an administrative closing while we study the situation , " he said . The president called the U.S. decision to expel Livia Acosta Noguera , who headed Venezuela 's consulate in Miami since March , "  unfair " and immoral . " She had simply been doing her job , he said . Acosta was declared persona non grata and told to leave the United States , a State Department spokesman said this week . He declined to comment on specific details behind the move . Last month , a group of American lawmakers said they had "  grave concerns " about Acosta . They called for an investigation after the Spanish-language TV channel Univision aired a documentary alleging that she was among a group of Venezuelan and Iranian diplomats who expressed interest in an offer from a group of Mexican hackers to infiltrate the websites of the White House , the FBI , the Pentagon and U.S. nuclear plants . The evidence that the plot was real , according to Univision , includes secret recordings with diplomats who ask about what the hackers can do and promise to send information to their governments . Univision interviewed a purported Mexican whistle-blower , a student at the National Autonomous University of Mexico named Juan Carlos Munoz Ledo . The student told Univision he was recruited by a leftist professor who wanted to wage cyberattacks on the United States and its allies . Munoz told Univision he secretly recorded a meeting in 2008 with Acosta , who was then the cultural attache of the Venezuelan Embassy in Mexico . According to a recording Univision aired as part of its report , Acosta is heard saying that she can send the information gathered by the hackers straight to Chavez . The Venezuelan president has called the report "  lies . "	NEW : Chavez says the expulsion of Livia Acosta was "  unfair " and "  immoral " He calls for an "  administrative closing " of the consulate in Miami The move follows the U.S. decision to expel Acosta , consul general in Miami Last month , a group of American lawmakers called for an investigation of the diplomat
Aaron Hernandez -- already accused of first-degree murder -- was indicted Thursday on charges stemming from a jailhouse fight , a district attorney 's office in Massachusetts said . A grand jury in Bristol County on Thursday afternoon indicted Hernandez , 24 , on charges of assault and battery tied to the February 25 altercation , according to a statement from that county 's district attorney 's office . The former New England Patriots standout tight end also was indicted Thursday for threats to do bodily harm in connection with a November incident in which he allegedly threatened someone who worked at the jail . Hernandez will be arraigned on these new indictments at a date yet to be set by the court , said the statement . An attorney for Hernandez did not immediately respond Thursday to a CNN message . Attorneys have not responded to questions about the alleged February 25 fight involving an unidentified inmate . Neither man was seriously injured in that altercation . Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson earlier told CNN that jail officials would look at how the two inmates came into contact , because "  no more than one inmate is supposed to be out at a time " in the unit in which Hernandez is housed . Hernandez is behind bars on a murder charge , to which he 's pleaded not guilty . Authorities have said that Hernandez and two other men picked up Odin Lloyd from his Boston apartment in a rental car shortly before Lloyd was found shot to death on June 17 . Surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and Hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later , according to authorities .	District attorney 's office : Hernandez is charged with assault and battery tied to fight He allegedly punched a fellow inmate in February The ex-football star is in jail on a murder charge for Odin Lloyd 's death
CNN  -- Instead of concrete jungles could our cities become urban forests of wooden skyscrapers ? Swapping cement and steel for timber is the vision of a number of environmentally-minded architects who are planning high-rise buildings across the world . Architect Michael Green has plans for a 30-story wooden skyscraper in Vancouver , while plans are afoot in Norway and Austria for 17 - and 20-story buildings that use wood as the main building material , eschewing steel and concrete . "  We think we can go higher than 30 stories , " says Green . "  We stopped exploring wood around 100 years ago  with the advent of steel and concrete  ; now we 're looking at a whole new system using mass timber products . " Green says that the modern wood materials have been around for around 20 years , but until recently they 've been quite niche or used only in low-rise buildings . What has changed is the way in which architects and builders are thinking about using wood . "  The real change came when we started thinking about climate change . Steel and concrete are great but not environmentally friendly , " he says . Cutting down trees to make buildings does n't immediately sound eco-friendly either , but if sourced from sustainably managed forests  like those in Europe and North America  , it can be more environmentally sensitive . Wood buildings lock in carbon dioxide for the life cycle of a structure , while the manufacture of steel and concrete produces large amounts of CO2 -- the International Energy Agency  IEA  estimate that for every 10 kilos of cement created , six to nine kilos of CO2 are produced . Green 's "  Tallwood " structure is designed with large panels of laminated strand lumber -- a composite made of strands of wood glued together . Other mass timber products use layers of wood fused together at right angels that making they immensely strong and able to be used as lode bearing infrastructure , walls and floors . Despite being made of wood any worries about towering infernos should be banished , says Green , as large timber performs well in fires with a layer of char insulating the structural wood beneath . "  It may sound counter-intuitive , but performing well in a fire is something inherent in large piece of wood , that 's why in forest fires the trees that survive are the largest ones , " he says . Currently one of the highest modern wooden buildings is in London . Called the Stadthaus , Murray Grove , it 's a nine-story residential building that stands at just under 30 meters  98 feet  . Even the lift shafts and stairwells are made from wood . "  It 's under 30 meters because over that UK regulations say that sprinklers have to be installed and other regulations come in to play , " says Craig Liddell , commercial director of KLH UK the company that developed the cross-laminated timber for the building . Liddell thinks that 15 stories is possible before having to use other materials like steel but says that building codes are one of the main reasons we have n't seen more tall wooden buildings , "  and more recently the economic downturn , " he adds . The cross-laminated timber used on the Stadthaus is classified as air-tight , making it one of London 's most energy efficient buildings . As a pre-fabricated structure it also took less time to construct and was cheaper than a conventional steel and concrete building , says Liddell . For all the eco-credentials ultimately buildings are erected because of a strong bottom line . "  For the idea of tall wooden buildings to be viable they have to be cost effective , " says Green . "  We can show that wood structures are dollar for dollar or cheaper compared to other buildings . " Beyond that Green believes it 's about thinking big . "  Really we 're at the stage where we 're able to start to show what 's possible , a bit like that Eiffel Tower moment . That was built when no one was used or understood tall structures , but it showed what could be done and just as importantly stretched the imagination . "	30-story wooden building planned for Vancouver Structure would not use concrete or steel Wood-only buildings can be more eco-friendly Potential to build higher than 100 meters , believes architect Michael Green
CNN  -- The shooting down of a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine may finally force Washington and Europe to wake up to the danger of the conflict there escalating into full-blown war between Russia and Ukraine . This potential cataclysm has been inching closer to reality in the last week . The Ukrainian security council has said Russian weapons and troops have been crossing into Ukraine , and military aircraft from both sides have engaged each other . Documented videos purport to show artillery fire into Ukraine from the Russian side . On Sunday the Russian media went berserk with reports of the first casualty of a Russian civilian on the Russian side , from an artillery shot of disputed origin . Former Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov told me Monday he was decidedly more pessimistic about the prospects for resolving this crisis than he was three months ago . As a veteran of international negotiations in 1999 on Kosovo and in 2003 on Iraq , he was perplexed as to why the international community was not trying harder to resolve the Ukraine crisis . Last weekend the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany , met with Iran on its nuclear issue but failed to use that opportunity to discuss Ukraine seriously . The Ukraine conflict urgently requires the most resolute and determined efforts to de-escalate before we reach a point no return . Washington should be focusing policy attention on strengthening Ukraine 's capacity to defend its sovereignty , economically and physically ; instead it has a misplaced obsession with using economic sanctions to punish Russia . The Obama administration and its critics on the right , such as Republican Sen. Bob Corker , contend that such sanctions will change Russian behavior , but there is not a shred of evidence to suggest this strategy would be effective . There are many reasons why a policy over-weighted on punishing Russia is a dubious strategy at best . First , the Russian economy was in stagnation , if not recession , with capital flying out of the country at record rates before the annexation of Crimea in March . The Obama administration can not credibly claim its policies have made a significant difference to the Russian economy . They only allow Vladimir Putin to blame the West for Russia 's poor economy and deflect attention from the real culprit , his failed economic policy since returning to the presidency two years ago . Second , Russia 's political economy and psychology are far more suited to absorbing punishment than the West . Russian companies suffering from sanctions can likely expect government subsidies to compensate their losses . I doubt U.S. and European companies can expect the same . They will simply lose market share . What 's more , a thousand years of history suggests the Russians are by far the most effective in punishing themselves . Finally , if Russians perceive their punishment is inflicted by others , it is a powerful stimulant to national consolidation and a spur to inflict unimaginable punishment on others . Putin is an archetypal traditional Russian leader who aspires to making a historical imprint like Stalin and Ivan the Terrible . This is a bloody serious game he is playing , cynical and determined beyond what flabby American and European strategic thinking can or wants to comprehend . He will not be deterred by sanctions . He has made a mockery of the G7 ultimatum in June that he cease and desist in Ukraine in 30 days or else . He has responded by sending more men and equipment across the border , with the predictable result that the "  separatists "  the so-called Donetsk People 's Republic is led by well-known Russian citizens  actions have escalated . The only good news is that the Ukrainian government 's military force has been extremely successful in destroying pro-Russian rebel strongholds over the past month . And herein lies the urgency of the problem . The rebel cause has been close to failing , with the defense of Luhansk and Donetsk being the endgame . Putin can not allow that to happen as it could shatter his leadership position -- he will not allow it to happen , plain and simple . The Ukrainian government has every right to defend its sovereignty against this Russian-instigated insurgency . There is no other solution but urgent diplomacy to de-escalate and to get international peacekeepers to the border region as quickly as possible . The stakes in allowing this war to go on are far too high to allow for anything else .	Andrew Kuchins : Jet 's downing must awaken U.S. , Europe to danger of Russia-Ukraine war Focus should be on Ukraine 's ability to defend sovereignty , not Russian sanctions , he says He says sanctions over Russia 's help to rebels will help Putin whip up nationalism Kuchins : Diplomacy needed to de-escalate crisis ; Putin wo n't allow himself to lose face
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Standing before throngs of cheering supporters Sunday , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for an end to the division among Palestinians in the wake of the United Nations upgrading the authority 's status -- as Israel refused to acknowledge that newfound recognition . "  The people who have achieved the accomplishment of the 29th of November , when the world wrote the birth certificate of the state of Palestine , are capable of imposing the will of the people in making the reconciliation happen , " he said at a packed rally in Ramallah . The U.N. General Assembly on Thursday elevated the authority 's status from "  non-member observer entity " to "  non-member observer state " -- the same category as the Vatican . Palestinian leaders had previously launched a failed bid for full U.N. membership . Abbas is a part of the Palestinian faction Fatah , which controls the West Bank . Gaza is controlled by Hamas , which has battled Fatah for power and -- until last week -- long opposed its efforts to achieve the status upgrade . Abbas , speaking Sunday , said there are "  a lot of missions " ahead , and the "  most important is to restore our national unity and achieve reconciliation . " Israel and the United States have slammed the authority 's move at the United Nations , with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday it was "  a step that will not bring us closer to peace . " And , in response to the U.N. move , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu refused Sunday to reconsider a plan to build thousands of new homes in occupied territory . The United States and a number of European nations called on Israel to roll back the settlement plan in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which was announced Friday . Clinton : New Israeli settlements a ` set back ' for peace with Palestinians Israeli settlements are widely considered illegal under international law , though Israel insists they are not . "  The answer to the attack on the Zionist character of the state of Israel obliges us to increase the tempo of settlement building plans in all the areas that the government has decided to settle in , " Netanyahu said in remarks before the start of his weekly Cabinet meeting in Jerusalem . He said he was citing "  the language of the government decision in 1975 after the U.N. decision that equated Zionism with racism . " Netanyahu has called the Palestinian Authority 's U.N. bid "  a gross violation " of an agreement signed with the Israeli government . Israel says it violates a Palestinian agreement to work out central issues through negotiation . Netanyahu has not publicly acknowledged the approval of new construction . But a senior government official said Saturday that the prime minister signed off on building "  3,000 housing units " in the East Jerusalem as well as authorizing planning and zoning for future construction in the West Bank town of Ma'ale Adumim . The Obama administration has repeatedly warned Israel against settling East Jerusalem and the West Bank , particularly the Ma'ale Adumim area , because it would make it nearly impossible to create a contiguous Palestinian state . The Israeli Cabinet , in a unanimous vote Sunday , rejected the U.N. General Assembly 's decision , saying it changes nothing and will not be a basis for negotiations . The creation of a Palestinian state will require "  arrangements that ensure the security of the citizens of Israel , recognition of Israel as a Jewish state , and a declaration by Palestinians that the conflict is over , " the Cabinet statement . Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula during the 1967 war . The Sinai has since been returned to Egypt . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 , a move not recognized by the international community and condemned by Syria , which still claims the land . Israel withdrew settlers from Gaza in 2005 . Hamas has since regularly launched rocket attacks into southern Israel . The Palestinian bid to the United Nations and news of Israeli settlement construction came just days after a cease-fire took hold between Israel and Hamas that brought about an end to a series of Israeli military airstrikes against Gaza launched in an effort to stop the Hamas rocket attacks . Hezbollah , a militant group and political party in Lebanon , has launched attacks on Israel from the north . Both Hezbollah and Hamas receive support from Iran . A senior U.S. official told CNN last week that Iran is "  finding ways to resupply Hamas " with long range rockets and other weapons . The European Union , the United States , and Israel consider Hamas a terrorist organization . The United States and Israel also consider Hezbollah a terrorist group . The Palestinian Authority 's new U.N. status allows it to have cases heard before the International Criminal Court -- a concern for Israel as Palestinians have repeatedly tried to have their claims heard before the judicial body at the Hague . International efforts for a "  two-state solution " focus on a plan to unite Gaza and West Bank under the authority of a single Palestinian government . Palestinian leaders want the capital in east Jerusalem . Palestinian officials have refused to enter into new talks with Israel until it stops building settlements on West Bank land . Netanyahu , meanwhile , has said there can be no such preconditions on talks . He has called on Hamas to renounce terrorism and accept the existence of Israel . CNN 's Josh Levs , Michael Schwartz , and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Abbas said the "  most important " Palestinian mission is "  national unity " Clinton says U.N. decision "  will not bring us closer to peace " World leaders warn building new settlements will set back peace talks
CNN  -- Lil Wayne is down on drugs -- for others . For himself , well , it 's a different story . The man who infamously told Katie Couric during a 2009 interview "  I 'm a gangsta , Miss Katie . I do n't take nothing from no one . I do what I want to do , " has been equally outspoken about his use of "  sizzurp " or "  purple drank , " a prescription cough syrup made with a combination of promethazine and codeine . "  Sizzurp " has even found its way into Lil Wayne 's song lyrics , and his issues with substance abuse have been well documented . Promethazine has several uses , including treating allergy symptoms , easing nausea and as a sedative . According to Drugs.com , dangerous side effects can include "  twitching or uncontrollable movements " of limbs , face , eyes and the tongue . Of course , rappers talking about drug use is nothing new . As is often the case with hip-hop -- which began as a vehicle to document the lives of inner-city youth -- art , more often than not , imitates life . But Lil Wayne 's recent hospitalization has cast a spotlight on hip-hop and drug use because of fans ' concerns over his past behavior . Scant information has been released about what may have caused the award-winning artist , who was born Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. , to have a seizure that landed him in a Los Angeles hospital . His label 's publicist confirmed to CNN at the time that the rapper had suffered a seizure . Lil Wayne : I 'm ` more than good ' And what will happen now that he 's out ? Talking drug use is one thing . But rehab seldom comes up in the conversation . "  Where hip-hop falls short is in addressing the rehabilitation aspect , " said writer JasFly , who has reported on the industry . "  Wayne is one of our hip-hop rock stars , but where is the help for him ? " A big star and his proteges With his monumental success on the charts and devil-may-care attitude , Lil Wayne has in some ways transcended the male dominated hip-hop genre and occupies the rarefied air of one of music 's biggest stars . Lil Wayne is not only a platinum-selling artist in his own right , but he 's also the man responsible for stars like "  American Idol " judge Nicki Minaj and rapper Drake . He often appears on songs of other artists as diverse as Kelly Rowland and teen heartthrob Joe Jonas . He also is one of a number of rappers who have openly discussed drug use . In 2011 , he and fellow rap superstar Eminem discussed their substance abuse issues with GQ magazine . The New Orleans native , who fans also lovingly call "  Weezy , " said he quit narcotics , not necessarily by choice , but partly because it was a requirement of his probation after a 2008 arrest in Arizona where authorities allegedly found ecstasy in his backpack . The rapper secured a plea deal and was given probation . "  I wish I could be back on it , " he told the publication . "  That 's how it f**king feels . -LSB- cracking himself up -RSB- ` How does it feel to be sober ? ' I 'll be like , ` It feels f *** ed up . ' What do you want me to say ? ` It feels great ' ? No . " The list of those who , like Lil Wayne , have been accused of drug charges is long -- including the recent arrest of rapper Too Short who was charged with a felony count of drug possession after police allegedly found suspected meth on him , according to a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman . There has been no information released about how the rapper has pleaded to the charge . The rapper 's manager , David Weintraub , denied in a statement to CNN that Too Short had drugs on him at the time of his arrest . "  Any assertion that Short was carrying powder is ridiculous ! Every rap fan knows Short 's into weed ! , " the statement said . Rapper Snoop Dogg  now known as Snoop Lion in homage to the Rastafarian culture  has been a well-known marijuana user . VH1 's reality show "  Love and Hip Hop " highlighted rapper Joe Budden 's addiction and relapse after years of sobriety . "  My two demons are real simple , drugs and depression , " Budden told the Combat Jack radio show in December . "  They go hand in hand with one another . " Such openness about mental health issues -- and the self-medication that illegal drugs can provide -- has historically not always been the case in the African-American culture . "  The African American community generally has a certain amount of circumspection as it pertains to psychiatry and mental health , and reasonably so , " said Dr. Drew Pinsky , host of HLN 's "  Dr. Drew on Call . " "  Those medical disciplines  have ill-served that community historically , and there 's a certain amount of distrust , and you ca n't do this work without absolute trust , " he said . "  There 's also a lack of embrace of things like 12-step  programs  and the idea that these are long-term propositions to get better from . " That historical reticence -- coupled with a life of fame that often finds celebs of all races surrounded by entourages who may not be willing to offer tough love -- can contribute to the issue . "  There 's also a cultural insulation , " Pinsky said "  They do n't want to change , like many addicts and musicians . " Rap artist DMX appeared on Pinsky 's show "  Dr. Drew 's Lifechangers " in 2011 and said he began using drugs at the age of 14 , and the wealth he acquired accelerated his drug use . According to Billboard , the rapper has had dozens of arrests , and as of 2010 they tallied 26 convictions -- 11 felonies and 15 misdemeanors . Some of those have included drug charges . Jermaine Hall , editor-in-chief of Vibe magazine , told CNN that some rappers have now moved well beyond drinking and smoking marijuana . Hall said he believes "  the casual drugs are different now . " "  Now we have pills , now we also have Molly  the crystal or powder form of the drug MDMA  , and I would say to the late 2000s , we also had the ecstasy rush , " Hall said . "  So we 're dealing with different levels of drugs that are now being considered recreational , which is a very dangerous situation . " A long history in the music business "  I can mingle with the stars and throw a party on Mars / I am a prisoner , locked up behind Xanax bars " - Lil Wayne , "  Feel Like Dying " But journalist and San Francisco State adjunct professor Davey D said drugs have long been a problem in the music industry as a whole , not just hip-hop . Artists referencing drugs goes back as far as jazz star Cab Calloway 's "  Reefer Man " in 1932 , and use has been well-known on down through rockers like Kurt Cobain and others who suffered overdoses . "  The whole adage behind ` sex drugs and rock 'n' roll ' is something that people kind of conveniently forget about , " he said . "  Not to say that it 's right , but in terms of suddenly saying ` Well these guys are -LSB- rapping -RSB- about purple syrup ' and overlook the LSD and psychedelic stage in music ... is just ridiculous . " Davey D said the issue of drugs in hip hop is "  systemic with an economic incentive to keep it going . " "  When these artists are on drugs and they are able to do their music or it gives them a certain notoriety , then everybody 's cool with it because it kind of adds to the allure and mystique , " he said . "  The artists themselves , sure they should take some responsibility , but if they actually have a substance abuse problem , whether they are a drinker or whether they are someone using mind altering substances ... then they actually have a disease that needs to be cured , and I do n't know if you suddenly do that on your own . "  So then we have to ask questions of the multimillion-dollar record label that they are on : ` Why are you putting this out and why are you allowing this to exist ? ' " Harold Owens , the senior director for MusiCares Musicians Assistance Program -- which is funded by the Grammy Foundation -- has witnessed the addiction struggles of musicians across various genres . He 's staged interventions for some . There is a stigma in the hip-hop community , Owens said , about coming clean and discussing it in a genre that many feel has helped promote drug use . "  There could be many sober hip-hop artists -- in the community that have gotten sober , or at least more than a few that just do n't talk about it . " Owens said . JasFly , who is also a cast member of the soon-to-debut VH1 reality show "  The Gossip Game , " which explores the lives of female journalists and bloggers who cover hip-hop , said she worries there may be more of a focus on preserving Lil Wayne 's image . Helping him , if that 's what he needs , does n't seem to be a priority , she said . "  There seems to be a lot of concern about Lil Wayne the business , " she said . "  But what about Dwayne Carter the person ? " CNN 's Denise Quan , Eliott McLaughlin and Abbey Goodman contributed to this report .	Lil Wayne 's recent hospital stay stirred conversation about hip hop and drugs Rapping about drug use is common in the genre Writer says most genres of music have dealt with drug issues
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a celebration -- sun , fun and relaxation on a tropical island for recent graduates savoring the heady taste of approaching adulthood . But instead , the trip to Aruba by a group of Birmingham , Alabama , high school seniors ended in tragedy , as one of their members , 18-year-old Natalee Holloway , never returned home . Questions surrounding her fate are unanswered five years later . Now , Joran van der Sloot , the youth twice arrested and released in Holloway 's disappearance -- seen by many as a privileged playboy who has displayed no remorse or concern over her whereabouts -- has been named a suspect in the bludgeoning death of a woman in Peru , allegations that hint at a chilling pattern . Van der Sloot was arrested Thursday in Chile following a manhunt . "  It 's fair to say that he 's a pretty easy guy to point a finger at , a pretty easy guy to say , ` I 'm confident suspecting him , ' " said Joe Tacopina , who represents van der Sloot in the Aruba case . "  And he 's earned some of that and some of it he has n't earned . He 's been through the wringer . He 's been detained twice in Aruba . There 's been absolutely no credible evidence in that case whatsoever ... he was never charged with a crime there . Do n't forget that . " Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham . Holloway failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room . Van der Sloot and the Kalpoes were arrested and released in 2005 in connection with the case , then arrested a second time in 2007 after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor Hans Mos said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , then attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths writing that she was dead -- was not enough to keep them in custody . In the years since Holloway vanished , van der Sloot has consistently denied any involvement in her disappearance , police said . "  He 's just totally , totally dragged us all through hell , " Holloway 's anguished mother , Beth , has said . In 2008 , a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he thought was a friend he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lost consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway in the boat , van der Sloot said , and he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it into the ocean . "  I do n't lose a minute of sleep over it , " van der Sloot said . He later claimed the account was a lie , saying he told the man what he wanted to hear . A court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruba chief prosecutor Peter Blanken said the story was "  unbelievable and not true . " But it 's been van der Sloot 's cavalier attitude toward the case that has fueled criticism , as well as conflicting statements he 's made . He told Fox News in a 2008 interview he sold Holloway to human traffickers for $ 10,000 , then in a taped interview denied it . At the time his name first surfaced in the Holloway investigation , suspicion swirled around his parents , particularly his father , an Aruban lawyer training to be a judge . Paul van der Sloot was briefly taken into custody in 2005 on suspicion of involvement in the Holloway case . Authorities said he told his son that police had no case without a body . He was released after three days of questioning . Holloway 's parents , however , have said they met with Paul van der Sloot and continue to believe he had the answers to questions regarding their daughter . "  I remember the day I met with Paul at the prison , " Dave Holloway has said . "  And the thing that stuck out in my mind was I asked him all the questions , why he hid from the news media . And the last question that I had was , was he involved , and he said no . He said , ` Dave , I can understand your position , but you 've got to understand mine . Joran 's my son and I 'll do everything I can to protect him . ' And I believe it . " Van der Sloot 's mother , Anita , has said her son told her he was on the beach with Holloway but left her there because she wanted to stay . She has maintained her son 's innocence . However , Tacopina said van der Sloot 's relationship with his family has suffered in recent years . "  Joran in the last several years has gone in a very different direction , has not behaved in a way that is acceptable to anybody , " he said , referring to van der Sloot 's being paid for versions of events in the Holloway case . "  It border-lined on pathological , it really did , and quite frankly I think he hurt a lot of people . " Tacopina cautioned against jumping to conclusions , saying that many times a new lead was thought to be the key to the Holloway case but did n't pan out . In March , for instance , a Pennsylvania couple told authorities a picture they took last year while snorkeling off Aruba showed something that looked like a skeleton . Authorities called off a dive team 's search after two days , saying they found nothing that resembled the image depicted in the photograph .	Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway disappeared in 2005 on Aruba Joran van der Sloot arrested twice , never charged Critics see youth as privileged playboy Has told conflicting stories in Holloway case
The Frisky  -- I 'm sitting alone in my apartment on a rainy night . I 'm restless , mildly bored , and , yes , I 'll admit it , but please do n't tell anyone ... lonely . It 's days like this that I 'm sure that there 's no more love in store for me -- all of the epically momentous possibilities must have already passed me by . Somehow I blinked and missed them . It 's in moments like this that I allow myself the small indulgence of thinking about Sebastian . Our story had all of the makings of a great love story . Once upon a time we met one evening in a dark , crowded party . He told me I was beautiful . I was young enough for him to appear larger than life . We kissed on the sidewalk in the rain . I fell hard for him -- hard like scrape-me-off-the-floor-with-a-spatula hard . But we were wrong for each other in every way . We were young , immature , and troubled . It ended tragically -- Sebastian stood me up on a cold , snowy New Year 's Eve and the two of us never spoke again . I went on with my life . I wonder what Sebastian is doing right now . I wonder if I will ever love anyone that way again -- with an open heart . I decide to cruise the internet for inspiration -- narrowly avoiding the temptation to do a Google search of Sebastian 's name . The intention of my search ? To remind myself that love really exists . A tall , existential order for sure , yet a valid one . I practice it often . On the street , on the subway . Every time I encounter a seemingly happy couple I say to myself , "  See you bitter old hag , people fall in love all the time . " I find the kind of cinematic headline I 'm looking for : "  Gulf War Pen Pals Get Married After Facebook Encounter 19 Years Later . " Touch . As a teenager , Jamie Benefit decided to reach out to the troops during the Gulf War . She addressed a letter of support and encouragement to "  Any Soldier . " Jamie 's anonymous letter found its way into the hands of 19-year-old soldier Jeremy Clayton . Jamie and Jeremy continued to write each other for the duration of the war , to exchange stories and keep their minds off of the scary worlds around them . After the war ended , the two lost touch . Jamie wrapped up her letters in a patriotic ribbon , put them away in a safe place , and moved on with her life . The Frisky : I was the other woman -- should I tell ? Nineteen years later , Jamie got curious one day  maybe she was sitting alone in her apartment on a rainy evening ?  and looked for Jeremy on Facebook and sent a simple message to a man with his name , asking , "  Were You In Desert Storm ? " That was all Jeremy needed in order to know that he had to see Jamie again . The two met up in person a few months later . When Jeremy finally saw Jamie he says of the moment , "  It took my breath , I was actually shaking and I 'm a pretty strong man . I just said to myself , ` You have to do whatever you can to make sure you spend the rest of your life with this woman . ' " A few months later they were married . The Frisky : How to handle an overly dependent BFF Wow . Just like that huh ? War . Letters . Great distances . Great danger . Years apart . Reunion . Facebook . Marriage . I 'm sure someone in Hollywood will be calling any minute to option the rights to the film . Maybe they 'll call it "  Love in a Time of Bush . " I should feel inspired that love happens -- exponentially and effortlessly -- yet I feel nothing but skepticism . Does this actually happen in real life ? Like , real real life ? The Frisky : Need to say goodbye to single life before I can find love ? Like Jamie and Jeremy , Sebastian and I lost touch after that fateful New Year 's Eve . When he sent me a message on Facebook 10 years later , I was unable to breathe . It said simply , "  I hope you 're still silly . " When we met in person for coffee , I was so dizzy that I had to sit with my head between my legs while he sat silently across from me . His hand shook slightly as he grabbed mine and said , "  I 'm sorry , I 've been waiting 10 years to say that to you . " Momentarily I was so giddy that I almost let myself get carried away . I looked at Sebastian for the first time in the bright , clear morning light and saw him exactly as he was . It happened so quickly that if I had blinked I would have missed it . He was just an older , more mature , version of the awful of the guy who broke my heart 10 years ago . There was no proposal . Just an awkward meeting of two grownups realizing that they were no longer young and silly . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Late on rainy , lonely nights , some people are tempted to Google an old love One story about a soldier and teen had a happy Facebook ending Inspired writer searches for and meets up with her old love But finds he 's older , more mature , version of the awful of the guy who broke her heart
CNN  -- As you may have read , Hachette Book Group  my publisher  is experiencing challenges with Amazon , as a result of negotiation over new selling terms for ebooks . The tactics used by Amazon to limit the sale of Hachette books to customers during this dispute are stirring up strong sentiments among authors and readers . The battle is taking place in a public forum , and is being noticed and discussed broadly . Amazon , the company founded by its CEO Jeff Bezos , is a brilliant innovator that has transformed bookselling and reading . It 's one of the most important retail destinations where books are purchased . Bookstores -- both online and brick & mortar -- play a vital role in connecting readers with great books , and it is my hope that Hachette and Amazon will be able to resolve their differences soon , for the good of book lovers , and the authors they love to read . Now for confession time : I spend way too much time daydreaming about being Jeff Bezos . It 's not that he 's thinner than me . Or younger . It 's not the superhuman confidence of his laugh . It 's not the legacy of stunning innovations or his off-the-charts business intuition . It 's not even his mind-boggling revenue stream .  I 'm frankly boggled at my own revenue stream -- though it is just a stream next to his mighty rain forest river . It 's that I keep thinking about what a hero I could be , were I he . I think about how I , Jeff Bezos , have proven the theory that many , if not most people , would prefer not to get off their butts , get themselves to a store , make a purchase decision , carry it to the register , and carry the item back home when the purchase -- in this Internet-enabled age -- could more easily be delivered to them . But , at the same time , I think about how I , Jeff Bezos , am not so carried away with this success that I am going to lose sight of scale or sanity . Sure , I have ushered in the age of Internet commerce , but , no , I am not now hanging around just to collect my financial reward , or even to bask in the public recognition . You see , I , Jeff Bezos , am actually trying to make this a better world . Detroit , Tokyo , and Stuttgart might not like to hear me say it , but a million people driving a million cars back and forth to thousands of stores for their purchases is not just inefficient , it 's wasteful  of energy , of resources , of time  . A million people staying put , going about their lives , and mere hundreds of trucks delivering the people 's algorithm-assisted purchases from a single marketplace -- that is sensible and right . But here is where I show that I 'm not just an agent of change for change 's sake , or an agent of efficiency for efficiency 's sake . Here is where I show that Amazon is not a 20th-century-style behemoth ravening toward monopoly . Here is where I , Jeff Bezos , remind the world that my bazillion-dollar company came out of an online bookstore . Here is where I will make clear that Amazon has already been responsible -- directly responsible -- for getting millions of books into the hands and minds of millions and millions of people , and that this is nothing short of holy work . But , though perhaps I 'm already a veritable saint of literature for how many book-reader connections I 've made  arguably more than any single traditional bookseller , um , ever  , I am not pointing to these laurels for resting purposes . I am mentioning them because for those of you who have really been paying attention , it shows what Amazon and I are really all about : I , Jeff Bezos , above all things , firmly believe that books -- great books , and the producers of those books -- are of paramount importance to humanity 's salvation . You 've heard about how I adored "  The Remains of the Day " and about how I pushed my executives to read at least a half dozen titles , some of them novels ? You think -- perhaps for the sake of everyday low-low prices -- I want to imperil the long-term , sensitive ecosystem that allowed these books to come into being ? You think I want to be known as the man responsible for the biggest quality drought in the history of novel writing ? You think I do n't know that real-world booksellers and all the sales reps , agents , editors , assistants , and copy proofers whose livelihoods depend on the dusty old world of "  legacy " publishing are not vestiges of a broken system , but part of a collaborative culture that has  over decades of author discovery and judicious advance payments  produced everything from "  Along Came a Spider " to Amazon 's book of the year , "  The Goldfinch ? " You think I do n't know that books -- great books , especially -- are possibly the longest , hardest , most-blind-faith-requiring creative endeavor known to humankind -- and not just like any other "  product category " in my Everything Store ? You think I truly perceive publishers to be sickly gazelles and myself a herd-culling cheetah ? Last time I looked , I was neither a very fast runner nor covered in spotted fur . Obviously these publishers -- however inefficient and old-fashioned  did you know many of them quaintly still let their employees do half-day Fridays in the summer ?  -- remain the best way to find , nurture , and invest in up-and-coming authors . Yes , they have many silly and inefficient practices and still embrace technologies and administrative systems that make me wince , but I 've been leaning on them and they have been getting better . So here 's the headline , and not just for Washington Post readers : Today I am going to stop leaning on book publishers . I am going to stop brandishing Amazon 's market share as a corrective cudgel . They needed a little remonstrative pressure , but now it 's gone too far and they are doing what all embattled higher organisms do : They are joining forces against a common  though , as they will soon see , inaccurately perceived  enemy . Random House buys Penguin . Hachette absorbs Perseus . Trust me , if I 'd wanted to disintermediate their old-fashioned carcasses , I , Jeff Bezos , would have done so already . But I 'm not here to exterminate them , I 'm here to improve them . And I have . I 've taught them that ebooks , online marketing , and digital audiobooks are real things . And I have put enough pressure on them to clean their houses , to examine their internal hierarchies , and to jettison some particularly wasteful practices . But I , Jeff Bezos , also clearly see that we are going to have fewer great books and writers discovered in the coming years if there are fewer curators with the financial wherewithal to nurture them . And , no way around it , fewer publishing houses equals fewer curators . It 's not a money thing , it 's a diversity-of-perspective thing . One company -- no matter how high-minded and cleverly structured it is -- will offer fewer perspectives than many companies will . I , Jeff Bezos , was a physics student at one point and I assure you I understand principles this basic . So , starting today , I am going to deal with publishers fairly and openly . No more punishing them with delayed shipments of books we could have ordered . No more taking down of buy and pre-order buttons , knowing that Amazon can withstand the revenue dip far better than they can . Oh , and one other thing : I 'm going to give new names to the Kindle and the Fire -- names that do n't quite so obviously bring Fahrenheit 451 themes to the fore . And I 'm going to do all this because I 'm Jeff Bezos and not only am I pretty legendarily smart , but I 'm pretty wise , too . Are n't I ?	James Patterson : Amazon 's tactics in pricing negotiations with Hatchette stirs controversy He says he dreams about being Amazon 's Jeff Bezos ; he 'd use his power for good , be a hero As Bezos , he would n't want to drain profits from book industry by dropping ebook prices Patterson : He 'd help a diversity of publishers earn and survive to nurture new great books
CNN  -- The nominations for the Academy Awards were presented Thursday morning , and as always there were trends and surprises . Here are a few things we learned : 1 . Make way for older women . It 's not for nothing that one of best jokes from Tina Fey and Amy Poehler at the Golden Globes referred to the lack of meaty roles for actresses of a certain age : "  Meryl Streep  is  so brilliant in ` August : Osage County , ' proving that there are still great parts in Hollywood for Meryl Streeps over 60 , " said Fey . And yes , Streep was nominated for an Oscar  for best actress  as well . But also nominated were Judi Dench , 79 , and perhaps more surprisingly , June Squibb , 84 . Squibb is a longtime character actress -- you may remember her as Elderly Woman in "  Far From Heaven " or Mrs. Cone in an episode of "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " -- who got a chance to shine as Bruce Dern 's exasperated yet caring wife in "  Nebraska . " In fact , of the 10 actresses nominated for either best actress or best supporting actress , six are over 40 and two others -- Amy Adams and Sally Hawkins -- are in their late 30s . Think you can pick the winners ? Check out the Oscar ballot 2 . Diversity , but no diversity . This year featured a number of notable movies starring or directed by people of color , including "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " "  Fruitvale Station , " "  42 , " "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " and "  12 Years a Slave . " But of that group , only "  12 Years " got any support from the Oscars , with nine nominations . "  Mandela " picked up a nod for a U2 song ; "  Fruitvale " -- despite showcasing rising talents Michael B. Jordan and director Ryan Coogler -- got nothing . And despite a $ 100 million box office -- and raves for performers Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey -- "  The Butler " also came up with zero . During the Globes show , there was a Twitter hashtag protesting the lack of diversity : #notbuyingit . You 'll probably see it again on Oscar night . 2014 awards season : Does diversity matter more than wins ? 3 . Where 's Tom Hanks ? What about Oprah ? Tom Hanks is one of the most beloved film stars in Hollywood . He 's a successful producer and two-time Oscar winner . After a sluggish few years , marked by "  Cloud Atlas , " "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close " and "  Larry Crowne , " he was back in the good graces at the box office and with critics , thanks to "  Captain Phillips " and "  Saving Mr. Banks . " The result ? No Oscar nominations . Maybe he split the vote ; maybe voters just were n't that impressed .  They certainly were n't by "  Mr. Banks . " As for Winfrey -- also a successful producer and personality -- the theory is that "  The Butler 's " summer release hurt its chances . But it was still a surprise that her name was n't listed for either the Oscars or the Golden Globes . Better luck at the Screen Actors Guild Awards , Oprah . 4 . There are no sure things . The handicappers were wrong about a lot . Take a gander :  Snubbed : Robert Redford , "  All Is Lost . " An almost wordless solo performance goes for naught at the Oscars . "  Lost , " indeed .  Snubbed : The Coen brothers , "  Inside Llewyn Davis . " Despite their offbeat production , Ethan and Joel have become Oscar favorites -- even if it 's just a scriptwriting nod . Not this year . Llewyn Davis will have to keep walking the streets  probably with a waterlogged shoe  .  Snubbed : Emma Thompson , "  Saving Mr. Banks . " So much for "  Banks " despite its Disney pedigree .  Snubbed : James Gandolfini , "  Enough Said . " The academy thought "  Enough " was apparently too much , since neither Julia Louis-Dreyfus nor Nicole Holofcener 's script were picked , either .  Surprise ! : Sally Hawkins , "  Blue Jasmine . " The academy loves Woody Allen screenplays  he got nominated , too  , and Hawkins was n't overlooked .  Surprise ! : "  Philomena . " A small , character-driven movie about a woman searching for her son ? Best picture , best actress  Dench  and best adapted screenplay nominations are the prizes . Special coverage : All things awards season 5 . Love for "  Dallas Buyers Club . " Perhaps "  Hustle , " "  12 Years " and "  Gravity " will duke it out for best picture . But remember "  no sure things , " because when it came to audience response at the nominations , "  Dallas Buyers Club " was the clear winner , greeted with cheers for every nomination . It has an Oscar-friendly subject -- a heroic battle against AIDS -- and strong performances by Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto . It received a surprising six nominations . The Academy Awards are March 2 . Confessions of an Oscar freak	Older women shine at Oscar nominations Films highlighting diversity were mostly overlooked Tom Hanks and Oprah Winfrey are on outside looking in
Washington  CNN  -- Setting up a showdown with the White House and Senate Democrats , House Republican leaders Thursday proceeded with plans to vote next week on a proposal to extend the payroll tax cut and unemployment benefits while easing the path for approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline . Meanwhile , the Senate blocked competing Democratic and Republican proposals to extend the payroll tax cut from proceeding Thursday , with both failing to get the 60 votes necessary . Senate Republicans halted the Democratic proposal on a 50-48 vote . It included a surtax on income over $ 1 million to help pay for the lower payroll tax rate . Republicans seeking to shrink the size of government oppose such a tax increase . Opposition from both parties blocked the Republican measure , with only 22 votes in favor and 76 against it . The measure would have been paid for by freezing federal pay as well as reducing the federal work force by 10 % , provisions rejected by President Barack Obama and Democrats . The outcome means party leaders and Obama must work out a compromise by the end of the year , when the payroll tax cut is set to expire , or face the wrath of Americans facing higher taxes in the election year of 2012 . On the House side , Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told a closed-door meeting of GOP members that he was ready for a "  fight " with Obama over the pipeline issue , according to two senior Republican leadership aides in the meeting . Cheers went up in the room after Boehner 's comment , the aides said . On Wednesday , Obama said he would reject any attempt by Republicans to tie the pipeline project to the payroll tax extension issue . The House proposal would shift authority from the State Department to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for approving the proposed pipeline from Canada 's oil sands production in northern Alberta to Texas . It also would shorten the time frame for a decision . The State Department recently said its decision would be delayed until 2013 to examine environmental issues raised by critics , a move Republicans labeled as political to put off the issue until after next year 's presidential election . Boehner told reporters after Thursday 's meeting that the pipeline project would generate "  tens of thousands of jobs immediately . " He also noted that Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper supports the plan . The State Department puts the jobs figure at 5,000-6 ,000 , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , slammed the House GOP proposal on Thursday as a "  partisan joke that has no chance of passing the Senate . " The impasse sets up another countdown clock on congressional action , this time before the end-of-year holiday recess scheduled to begin at the end of next week . Obama told reporters Thursday that he was willing to stay in Washington "  as long as it takes to make sure that the American people 's taxes do n't go up on January 1st and to make sure that folks who desperately need unemployment insurance get that help . " "  There is absolutely no excuse for us not getting it done , " Obama said , adding that his response to efforts by Republicans "  to see what can they extract from us in order to get this done " was "  just do the right thing . " Referring specifically to the Keystone project , Obama said that "  however many jobs might be generated by a Keystone pipeline , there are going to be a lot fewer than the jobs that are created by extending the payroll tax cut and extending unemployment insurance . " The House proposal , which Boehner and other leaders outlined to GOP members at Thursday 's meeting , was largely similar to one they discussed last week , according to several aides . It would extend the payroll tax cut for one year , continuing savings of $ 1,000 for families earning $ 50,000 . It also includes unemployment assistance but gives states the ability to reform the program -- including removal of a federal ban from the 1960s that prohibited states from drug-testing those who apply for unemployment benefits . The GOP legislation would also shorten the time period for receiving jobless aid benefits from the current level of 99 weeks , phasing it down to 59 weeks by the middle of 2012 . In addition , the bill would avoid a scheduled cut in payments for Medicare physicians for two years -- the so-called "  doc fix . " Boehner noted that the bill is "  fully paid for , " and aides said the bulk of the cost would be offset from a freeze on salaries of federal employees and members of Congress through 2015 . The measure would use funds from health care programs to pay for the Medicare "  doc fix " provision . Last week , GOP leaders encountered significant resistance from conservatives when they outlined their plan , with a bloc of members opposing any renewal of the payroll tax cut because the bill uses spending cuts over 10 years to pay for a one-year extension . Some of those critics later said that after they talked through their concerns with leaders , they do n't want to see a tax increase during the tough economy , even though they do n't support the structure of the payroll tax cut . Republican leaders also added a couple of new spending cuts to help attract conservative support . One would eliminate the child tax credit for those in the country illegally , and another would not renew a research-and-development tax credit focused on energy programs . Some Republicans noted that Obama 's comments the day before opposing any effort to link extending the payroll tax cut to the Keystone pipeline helped rally support for the plan . Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan , leader of the fiscally conservative Republican Study Group , said he supports the bill , adding : "  Frankly , the fact that the president does n't like it makes me like it even more . " Asked about overcoming divisions among Republicans , Boehner said feedback on the proposal was good and that "  I feel confident about our ability to move ahead . " The House is expected to vote on the bill early next week , according to several aides . Even though the Republican plan could muster a majority of votes in the House , it is likely to encounter major obstacles in the Democratic-led Senate . The payroll tax issue , a headache for Republicans already , threatens to become a major campaign theme for 2012 . Obama touched on it Tuesday in a policy address in Kansas , saying Republicans protected wealthy taxpayers from a tax increase during deficit negotiations this year , but now threaten to block the payroll tax cut extension . Blocking it would cause most Americans to pay higher taxes next year . Republicans , who oppose tax increases in keeping with their push to shrink the size of government , argue that Obama and Democrats are forcing votes on proposals they know wo n't pass in order to score political points . So far , the public backs the Democratic position , with polls showing majority support for increasing the tax burden on wealthy Americans to help pay for the measure . Republicans are on the defensive due to their history of arguing that tax cuts end up paying for themselves because they stimulate economic activity by letting consumers keep more of their money instead of giving it to the government . Democrats are quick to point out that the mounting federal deficits dominating the Washington discussion were caused in part by reduced revenue due to tax cuts from the Bush administration . Now both parties agree that any measure to extend the payroll tax cut should include provisions to reduce spending or raise revenue to offset the cost . As part of a budget-cutting deal last December , Obama and Congress negotiated a reduction of 2 percentage points in the payroll tax rate -- from 6.2 % to 4.2 % . With the reduced rate expiring on January 1 , Obama and Democrats seek to expand the provision by lowering the rate even further -- to 3.1 % -- for another year . Republicans initially opposed the idea , saying the provision failed to create jobs last year . Republican leaders now say they support an extension , but they differ with Obama and Democrats on how to pay for it . The latest Senate Democratic plan calls for a 1.9 % surtax on income over $ 1 million , as well as increased fees that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac charge mortgage lenders to guarantee repayment of new mortgage loans to cover the $ 180 billion cost . Republicans oppose the plan because they say it will increase the tax burden on small-business owners , a contention the White House says is false . In their compromise , Collins and McCaskill included a provision to exempt the income of small-business owners from the surtax . However , House Republicans questioned whether it was possible to legislate such a distinction . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate Democratic leader rejects planned House proposal Separate Democratic and Republican proposals are blocked in the Senate Raising taxes remains an unresolved issue dividing Democrats and Republicans House GOP proposal links payroll tax cut to an oil pipeline project , defying Obama
A nurse has died of Ebola in the Malian capital of Bamako , the health ministry said Wednesday , sparking fears that the nation has not yet defeated the deadly virus . This is the second confirmed Ebola fatality in the West African country . The first victim , a 2-year-old girl , died last month after she traveled to Mali with her grandmother from Guinea -- one of three countries hardest hit by the outbreak in the region . The clinic where the nurse died has been quarantined , and the government has urged citizens to report suspected cases . The first case prompted fears that the virus was spreading beyond Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- the three nations which have seen the most cases of Ebola . Shortly after the toddler was diagnosed , dozens of people who came into contact with her were quarantined , including medical workers . It 's unclear whether the nurse was among those who were in contact with the child . The virus has killed at least 4,960 people and infected more than 13,000 , mostly in the three nations , according to the World Health Organization . There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola . As the world reels from the outbreak , scores of companies are fast-tracking tests for various vaccines , and hope to have millions of experimental doses by next year . Scientists racing to stop the epidemic are trying various experimental drugs on patients , including ZMapp and TKM-Ebola . Health care workers in affected nations will get the first opportunity to try the experimental vaccines , the WHO said . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person .	This is the second confirmed death from Ebola in Mali , the health ministry says The first case was a toddler who died last month The clinic where the nurse died has been quarantined , officials say
CNN  -- The 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will include rugby union sevens , a shortened version of the 15-player game , and golf as sports , the International Olympic Committee  IOC  announced . The IOC announced Rio 's successful bid for the 2016 Olympic Games last week . Two months ago the IOC 's executive board voted to include the sports in the program , a proposal that was ratified by the body 's members at a meeting in Copenhagen , Denmark , on Friday . Rugby sevens , a sport played with exactly the same rules as the regular version -- just with less players , garnered 81 votes in favor while eight were against and one abstained . Golf was voted in with 63 votes to 27 , with two abstentions -- it means the number of "  Olympic " sports has reached the IOC 's stated maximum of 28 . Blog : Money , money , money should be new Olympic motto . The vote was delayed as some IOC members cast doubt on the selection process that had seen the two sports put forward , but on announcing the result IOC president Jacques Rogge said : "  Time will show your decision was very wise . " The two disciplines will be part of the 2016 and 2020 Games as a result of the vote , a move that prompted IRB president Bernard Lapasset to tell reporters : "  This is an historic moment for our sport and for the global rugby community , who were united in their support . " Rugby 's world governing body , the IRB , has promised to end its World Cup Sevens event in order to allow 12 men 's and women 's teams to take part in the competition . Similarly , the International Golf Federation  IGF  has said that of the 60 players who will compete in the men 's and women 's tournament over 72 holes , the world 's top stars will all be present . The executive director of the IGF 's Olympic Golf Committee , Ty Votaw , was equally delighted . After coordinating the successful Olympic bid of his sport , he said : "  We are elated the IOC membership has accepted golf as an Olympic sport , and look forward to seeing the world 's best golfers compete for gold at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . " Softball , squash , baseball , karate and roller sports all bid to be accepted as Olympic sports but were turned down by the executive board two months ago . Golf previously featured at the Paris Games of 1900 and in St Louis in 1904 , while Olympic medals could be won by rugby players who contested the 15-a-side format from 1900-24 . Meanwhile , Rogge has been re-elected unopposed as president . The Belgian will serve his final four years , which takes him through the London 2012 Olympics before stepping down in 2013 , after being re-elected by 88 votes to one .	The IOC have voted rugby union sevens and golf into the 2016 Olympic Games Rugby sevens garnered 81 votes in favor of their inclusion with eight against Golf was voted into the Olympics with 63 votes to 27 with just two abstentions The Olympic Games in 2016 will be held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
CNN  -- The Baptist minister who was fatally shot Sunday as he led services at a church in suburban Saint Louis , Missouri , was carrying out work he believed in fervently , a church official said Monday . The Web site for First Baptist Church of Maryville includes a photo of slain Pastor Fred Winters . "  I believe that he would want us to know that he died doing exactly what he believed passionately about , " Worship and Music Pastor Mark Jones told reporters outside First Baptist Church in Maryville , Illinois , about Pastor Fred Winters , who was killed the day before . Jones expressed gratitude for an overwhelming response from the public that has included more than 1,000 e-mails of support . They will be compiled "  into a huge book of love " to be given to Winters ' widow , he said . Investigators have charged Terry J. Sedlacek , 27 , with first-degree murder in the killing . Sedlacek was further charged with two counts of aggravated battery related to the stabbing of parishioners Terry Bullard and Keith Melton . Their wounds were not life-threatening , said Illinois State Police spokesman Ralph Timmins . Sedlacek himself was seriously wounded in the melee , Timmins said Sunday . Asked what led Sedlacek to the church , Jones said , "  We 're scratching our heads on that one . " Watch response of grieving church " Jones said another church official visited Sedlacek 's family on Monday . "  We wanted them to know that we 're praying for them , we 're praying for the attacker , " Jones said . Speaking of Sedlacek , Jones added , "  Maybe he , too , needs to go back to the Bible and read the book and ask the question , ` Is this really God 's word ? Do I need to reconsider some things ? ' " Watch aftermath of shooting in church " Winters and the gunman exchanged words before the gunman fired four shots during Sunday morning services , hitting the minister 's Bible and then hitting Winters himself , said Illinois State Police Director Larry Trent . "  The only thing we know is that the suspect said something to the pastor , and the pastor said something back to him -- we do n't know what that was , " Trent told reporters Sunday . "  It was almost as if the pastor may have recognized him , but we 're not sure about that at all . " Trent said the gunman 's .45 - caliber pistol jammed after he shot Winters . The man then pulled out a knife before being subdued by some of the approximately 150 worshippers attending the church in southern Illinois . "  When he was tackled by two of the members , we do n't know whether he fell on the knife , injuring himself at the time , or whether -LSB- his injury -RSB- was self-inflicted during the struggle , " Trent said . Watch police describe "  heroic action " of parishioners " Trent said police were trying to determine a motive in the shooting , noting that church members did not recognize the gunman . Last August , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch profiled Sedlacek in a story it did about Lyme disease . His mother , Ruth Abernathy , told the newspaper he began acting strangely during his junior year in high school ; he seemed confused and stopped participating in activities that had interested him . The newspaper identified him as a resident of the Troy , Illinois , in suburban St. Louis . Abernathy told the paper her son was initially diagnosed with mental illness and then later diagnosed with Lyme disease . Lyme disease diagnosis , effects and treatment has caused disagreement in the medical community . A spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday that mental illness associated with Lyme disease is highly unusual , and the Infectious Diseases Society of America said Lyme disease "  is not known to cause violent behavior . " But a study published in 2002 in the American Journal of Psychiatry and carried out in the Czech Republic found that 36 percent of 900 psychiatric subjects had antibodies to the bacterium linked to Lyme disease , versus 18 percent of 900 healthy control subjects . The Illinois shooting is believed to be the nation 's first in a church since July , when a 58-year-old man opened fire in a Knoxville , Tennessee , church during a children 's play . Two people were killed and six wounded in the shooting at Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church . Jim Adkisson told police he targeted the church because of its "  liberal teachings , " according to court papers . Adkisson pleaded guilty last month in a deal that allowed him to avoid the death penalty with a sentence of life in prison without parole , court officials said . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this story .	NEW : Fred Winters "  died doing exactly what he believed passionately about " What led to attack ? "  We 're scratching our heads , " says Music Pastor Mark Jones Terry J. Sedlacek , 27 , charged with murder in Winters ' death , aggravated battery Police : Attacker , two worshippers who tried to subdue him suffered knife wounds
CNN  -- As fighting rages in Gaza , a question about the region has shot to the forefront of international politics : More than three years after Israel pulled out from the small strip of land , is it still "  occupied " territory ? An Israeli helicopter gunship fires a missile Tuesday at a target in Gaza . "  They are re-invading occupied territory , " Palestinian legislator Hanan Ashrawi said on "  CNN Sunday Morning . " She added that Israel has "  all the powers and none of the responsibilities of the occupying force . " Ambassador Reda Mansour , Israel 's consul general to the Southeastern United States , decried "  the same old story about ` occupation . ' " He added , "  We did n't have , until the last 48 hours , one soldier inside Gaza . We did n't have one settler there . " The United Nations still calls Gaza "  occupied , " although U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon last year balked at the question . U.S. government Web sites also describe Gaza as "  occupied . " Israel 's supreme court ruled last year that after the disengagement , Israel "  had no effective control over what occurred " inside Gaza , according to the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Israel 's relationship to the two separate Palestinian territories -- Gaza and the West Bank -- is one of the most sensitive topics in the world . The issue is further complicated by the fact that Hamas -- the Palestinian political party whose militant wing has killed Israeli civilians through terrorist attacks -- and many other groups in the Middle East consider all of Israel an occupation of what should be Palestine . Background Gaza 's history can be traced from ancient Egypt through to the Ottoman Empire . Beginning in 1920 , it was part of the British-ruled Mandate of Palestine . In 1948 , Egypt gained control of Gaza during the Arab-Israeli war -- the same war that ultimately led to Israel 's independence as a nation . During the six-day Arab-Israeli war of 1967 , Israel took control of Gaza and the West Bank . In 1993 , Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization  PLO  signed agreements that led to the withdrawal of Israeli troops from most of Gaza in 1994 . Ten years later , following numerous failed peace efforts , Israel -- under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon -- announced a plan to remove all Jewish settlements and Israeli troops from Gaza by the end of 2005 . On September 11 , 2005 , the disengagement was complete . As CNN reported , "  The Israeli flag has been lowered over Gaza , symbolizing the end of 38 years of Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territory two weeks ahead of schedule . " But Palestinian leaders say that despite the symbolism , the disengagement did not end the occupation . Israel has "  besieged Gaza , " Ashrawi said Sunday . "  They control the territorial waters , the airspace , the land crossing points and they gave themselves overriding security consideration or powers . " Israel says the steps it has taken are necessary to protect Israeli citizens from terrorist attacks by Hamas , which controls Palestinian life in Gaza . "  They ca n't live without blaming the Israelis for all the troubles of Gaza , " Mansour said . "  Gaza is a great place , it should be a very advanced place . Israel was willing to develop it . ... We want to make it one of the most advanced areas of the Middle East . There could be tourism , there 's natural gas , there 's so much resources to use in Gaza . " Palestinian officials argue that terrorism and poverty would n't flourish in the region if Israel eased restrictions . Israel says the terrorism must stop so it can ease restrictions . The U.N. position In February 2008 , Secretary-General Ban was asked at a media availability whether Gaza is occupied territory . "  I am not in a position to say on these legal matters , " he responded . The next day , at a press briefing , a reporter pointed out to a U.N. spokesman that the secretary-general had told Arab League representatives that Gaza was still considered occupied . "  Yes , the U.N. defines Gaza , the West Bank and East Jerusalem as Occupied Palestinian Territory . No , that definition has n't changed , " the spokesman replied . Farhan Haq , spokesman for the secretary-general , told CNN Monday that the official status of Gaza would change only through a decision of the U.N. Security Council . The U.S. position The CIA World Factbook says : "  West Bank and Gaza Strip are Israeli-occupied with current status subject to the Israeli-Palestinian Interim Agreement -- permanent status to be determined through further negotiation ; Israel removed settlers and military personnel from the Gaza Strip in August 2005 . " The U.S. State Department Web site also includes Gaza when it discusses the "  occupied " territories . State Department spokeswoman Amanda Harper referred CNN Monday to the department 's Web site for any questions about the status of Gaza , and she noted that the Web site referred to the 2005 disengagement . When asked the department 's position on whether Gaza is still occupied , Harper said she would look into it . She has not yet contacted CNN with any more information . Israel 's supreme court Israel 's court system has dealt with legal questions involving Israel 's responsibility for Gaza after the withdrawal in 2005 . In January 2008 , the supreme court ruled in a case involving the shipping of fuel into Gaza . "  The Israeli Supreme Court determined that since Israel had disengaged from the Gaza Strip it had no effective control over what occurred there , " Israel 's ministry of foreign affairs says on its Web site . "  The judges also determined that Israel had no commitment ` to deal with the welfare of the residents of the Gaza Strip or to allow unlimited amounts of goods and merchandise ' to pass through , but only vital and humanitarian goods . " Occupation of the West Bank The Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs , on its Web site , notes that in 1967 the Israel Defense Forces completed the "  occupation of West Bank and Gaza Strip . " After the 1993 peace agreements , Israel withdrew its troops from much of the West Bank . But in 2002 , amid a slew of terrorist attacks from extremists in the region , Israel reoccupied most cities from which it had withdrawn . While Israel pulled out of Gaza in 2005 , its troops remain in the West Bank and the number of Jewish settlers in that area has grown . Israel says its actions in the area , including building of a separation barrier , have helped prevent terrorists from entering Israel . Palestinians say it has increased the misery for Palestinians and further delayed any prospects for peace . Hamas : Israel 's existence is an occupation To Hamas , Israel 's "  occupation " is not limited to Gaza and the West Bank . Like many other Islamic militant groups , Hamas views Israel 's presence as the de facto occupier of greater Palestine . Hamas ' charter calls for the destruction of Israel altogether . As former Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu said on CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " on Sunday , "  They say , ` Look , we 're firing these rockets to liberate occupied Palestine , occupied Ashkelon , occupied Ashdod , occupied Tel Aviv . To them , any place that Israel sits on , any square inch of Israel is occupied territory , and Israel has to be destroyed . ' "	Question of Gaza "  occupation " at forefront of international politics Palestinians say Gaza still "  occupied " despite Israel 's pullout Israeli diplomat decries "  same old story about ` occupation ' " Militant group Hamas claims Israel 's existence is an "  occupation "
Berlin  CNN  -- A 48-year-old German man admitted being the father of his stepdaughter 's eight children Tuesday , but denied he had sexually abused her , a German court official said . The man , identified only as Detlef S. , is on trial in Koblenz , Germany , charged with the sexual abuse of dependents and facilitating the sexual abuse of minors . He is accused of hundreds of incidents of sexual abuse of his daughter , his stepdaughter and his stepson between autumn 1987 and summer 2010 . He is also charged with bringing his underage stepdaughter and his daughter to men who paid for sex with them on multiple occasions . The first allegations of abuse came more than a decade ago , in 1998 , but there was no medical evidence to support the claims then , Germany 's youth welfare office said in a statement Tuesday after the trial opened . Two stepsons leveled fresh accusations in 2002 , saying the defendant was abusing his biological daughter , then 11 . Police began an investigation but found no medical evidence and dropped the case , the statement said . The daughter denied having been abused , the welfare office said . It would not be against the law for the defendant to have a consensual sexual relationship with his stepdaughter , the office added . Two men are due in court on charges of sexual assault in connection with the case . A third man suspected of abusing the children has died , Koblenz state court spokesman Alexander Walter said . The trial of Detlef S. opened Tuesday , with his stepdaughter and stepson in court . His biological daughter was not present , Walter said . The stepdaughter is giving evidence against him , the court spokesman said . DNA test results introduced in court gave a "  99.999 % " certainty that the defendant is the father of her children , he said , and Detlef S. admitted Tuesday he was the father . But he denied the charges of sexual abuse , Walter said . Seven of the stepdaughter 's eight children survived infancy , he said . He did not know the cause of death of the eighth . The sexual assaults took place in the defendant 's home , in woods nearby and in various apartments near where the family lived , prosecutors charge . Only two of the 350 charges are related to the stepson , Walter said . The case is due to run through February 25 , he said . One of the men accused of paying for sex with the children is due to go on trial March 18 , he added . CNN 's Roman Lehberger contributed to this report .	NEW : There were allegations against Detlef S. for more than a decade , officials say He is accused of 350 incidents of abuse of his daughter , stepdaughter and stepson He admits fathering the children but denies sexual abuse , the court says He is also accused of providing his daughter and stepdaughter to men who paid for sex with them
EW.com  -- Critics everywhere have hailed "  Bully " as an important , engaging documentary . EW 's Owen Gleiberman calls it "  sensitive and eye-opening " ; the film has also earned a near-perfect 93 percent "  Fresh " rating from the reviews aggregated by Rotten Tomatoes . But in an article posted late last week , Slate 's Emily Bazelon alleged that some crucial parts of "  Bully " are "  utterly one-sided " and "  factually questionable . " Her piece focused on Tyler Long , one of the doc 's featured subjects ; when he was just 17 , Long took his own life , apparently because he was bullied by his classmates . But according to Bazelon , that is n't the whole story . She wrote that Tyler also suffered from ADHD , bipolar disorder , and Asperger 's syndrome ; additionally , his girlfriend broke up with him a few weeks before his suicide . It seems likely that these factors contributed to Tyler 's decision to commit suicide , Bazelon wrote . She asserted that by not mentioning them -- and by possibly exaggerating the treatment Tyler received in school  $ " director Lee Hirsch and producer Cynthia Lowen oversimplified and distorted the facts to create a smoother narrative . Lowen responded to the allegations with an exclusive statement to EW : "  Due to its glaring inaccuracies , misinformation and lack of journalistic integrity -- the filmmakers of ` Bully ' would like to respond to Emily Bazelon 's ` The Problem with Bully . ' We are deeply disappointed by the author 's neglect to gain a clear picture of Tyler 's bullying in the Murray County School District , which is currently under investigation by the United States Department of Justice regarding allegations of ongoing bullying and harassment . Bazelon suggests that Tyler was NOT bullied in the days , weeks and months before his death . This is factually incorrect . There are literally hundreds of bullying events and incidents that have been testified to under oath by his fellow students . Multiple students testified he was bullied on a "  daily basis , " and the pleadings reflect constant bullying his junior year , including the very day he killed himself . Bazelon erroneously cites Tyler 's prior health history and its significance to the case : he was never diagnosed with Bipolar disorder , and Asperger Syndrome is not a recognized risk factor for suicide . That Tyler was on the autism spectrum is never something the filmmakers have hidden , it is something we have discussed in many interviews and post-viewing Q&A 's . The fact that Tyler was on the spectrum does not reduce the school system 's responsibility to provide a safe learning environment . As filmmakers we felt that was the bottom line . For this very reason , we chose not to introduce his autism in the film . The filmmakers are dismayed by Bazelon 's failure to reach out to either the Long family or their legal counsel , so that they may have had the opportunity to address the Murray County School District 's assertions . " When presented with Lowen 's statement , Slate deputy editor Julia Turner responded with one of her own : "  Emily Bazelon 's central concern about ` Bully , ' expressed in her review for Slate , is that the movie presents a one-sided and incomplete version of the events leading up to the suicide of Tyler Long . The movie includes no mention of the mental health issues Tyler faced , and it fails to note that the school district disputes the Long family 's account of the causal role bullying played his death . The school district 's legal papers tell us that Tyler was diagnosed with ADHD , bipolar disorder , and Asperger 's when he was in sixth grade , and while the family 's response brief objects to the bipolar diagnosis as "  immaterial , " it does not factually challenge it . Perhaps more important for this conversation , no one disputes that Tyler was on the autism spectrum , and considerable research links Asperger 's and autism to an elevated risk of suicide .  More helpful information on that here . Emily has covered bullying for Slate for a few years now . Her reporting has taught her how complicated the issues around it can be , especially in the tragic cases when a student takes his or her own life . And her interviews with suicide prevention experts have taught her how important it is to avoid oversimplifying the facts , which can make suicide look romantic or appealing , especially to teen viewers . Emily 's review was not intended to endorse the school district 's view ; merely to point out that an alternative viewpoint exists , and that the movie had a responsibility to address it . " Bully is currently showing in five theaters in New York and Los Angeles ; TWC plans to expand that number to up to 150 theaters in the next few weeks . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Slate 's Emily Bazelon alleged that some crucial parts of "  Bully " are "  utterly one-sided " "  We are deeply disappointed by the author 's neglect to gain a clear picture , " a "  Bully " producer said Slate deputy editor said , "  The movie includes no mention of the mental health issues Tyler faced "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A mix up between a computer tablet and a teleprompter during Sunday 's BET Awards created an awkward moment that reminded viewers of Chris Brown 's domestic violence conviction on a night that otherwise was Brown 's triumph . The 2011 BET Awards paid nostalgic and emotional tributes to several fallen stars and the living Patti LaBelle , but embattled hip hop singer Chris Brown dominated Sunday night 's show . Brown , who admitted guilt two years ago to the brutal assault of ex-girlfriend Rihanna , won four trophies and performed twice during the telecast from Los Angeles ' Shrine Auditorium . Brown broke down in tears on the same stage during the BET Awards a year ago while performing a tribute to Michael Jackson . Ironically , Rihanna was mistakenly announced as the winner of the Coca-Cola Viewers Choice Award near the end of Sunday 's telecast . BET later clarified that Brown was the "  viewers choice , " not Rihanna . Tiffany Green , a fan from Flat Rock , Michigan , was chosen to read the winner 's name from a Sprint Evo tablet . Green first called Brown 's name , but then squinted at the teleprompter before confidently announcing that Rihanna had won . "  Well , that was awkward , " singer Drake said as he accepted the award for Rihanna , who was not present . Stephen Hill , BET 's programming president , took blame backstage for what he called "  a human error . " Brown 's name was correctly on the tablet in Green 's hand , but the show producers put the wrong name -- Rihanna 's -- on the teleprompter , Hill said . Photos of Green 's stunned expression quickly became an Internet sensation . She tweeted that she was weeping backstage . Rihanna was honored earlier with the best female R&B artist award . When the dust settled , Brown had won for best male R&B Artist , video of the year , best collaboration , and the viewer 's choice award . Not only did BET let Brown perform a medley of his songs , but he later took the stage with rapper Big Sean . When Brown made a post-show appearance in the backstage media room , he refused to answer questions . Instead , he laid down on the stage with two trophies , posing with a big smile . "  I did n't get to thank God for this , " Brown later tweeted . "  He has taught me a lesson in life . and I appreciate everything ! Thank you ! " Brown was sentenced to five years probation and 180 days of community service after he entered a guilty plea in June 2009 to assaulting Rihanna while they were in a car the night before the 2009 Grammy Awards . The judge later praised Brown "  for taking responsibility " by completing his probation requirements . The BET show delivered more than the current auto-tuned hip-hop hits , opening with the natural voices of Mary J. Blige and 1980s songstress Anita Baker singing a duet . "  After 30 years , this is n't supposed to happen , " an overwhelmed Baker said backstage . The auditorium rumbled during a musical tribute to Patti LaBelle , who was given a lifetime achievement award . Gladys Knight , Cee Lo Green and Marsha Ambrosius serenaded LaBelle before gospel legend Shirley Caesar brought her to tears . Finally , LaBelle reminded the audience that she is still going strong after five decades in the music business by singing two of her classics -- "  Love , Need and Want You " and "  Lady Marmalade . " Alicia Keys premiered a new song , "  Typewriter , " before singing a medley of her hits , including "  Falling . " Five artist who died since last year 's show were honored with a memorial segment , including Cali Swag District member M-Bone , who was killed in a drive-by shooting last month . The three surviving group members performed a tribute . E Street Band saxophonist Clarence Clemons , R&B singer-songwriter Teena Marie , poet-musician Gil Scott Heron and hip-hop legend Nate Dogg were remembered by performances and appearances by Doug E. Fresh , Queen Latifah , Ledisi , Scott Mayo , Snoop Dogg and Warren G . In a nod to younger fans , Justin Bieber delivered a scripted on-stage proposition to Nicki Minaj , the winner for best female hip hop artist . "  I 'm all grown up now . I turn 18 next year so , what 's up ? " Bieber said to Minaj . BET voters were stuck on which of Will and Jada Smith 's two children deserved the Young Star award , so Jaden and Willow Smith were both honored . After comedian Steve Harvey accepted a BET humanitarian award , he told reporters backstage that he was giving up stand up comedy . "  I do n't want to be telling jokes at 60 , " said Harvey , 54 . He 's focusing his career now on being a motivational speaker , he said .	Patti LaBelle lifetime achievement tribute rocks the auditorium Chris Brown wins 4 BET trophies and sings twice Sunday Brown 's BET triumph comes 2 years after assault conviction A teleprompter mix up gives awkward reminder of Rihanna assault
CNN  -- Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn and American Kevin Streelman are tied for the lead after Thursday 's opening round of the World Cup of Golf in Melbourne . Both men fired rounds of 66 to finish on five-under par at the Royal Melbourne Golf Club to take their respective nations to the top of the team standings . Historically , the tournament has been primarily a team event , but format changes this year have made it "  an individual event with a team component , " say organizers . Gallery : World 's greatest island greens Individual players are competing in 72 holes of stroke play and vying for $ 7 million of the $ 8 million prize pot . The remaining $ 1 million will be shared between the leading teams . Bjorn 's Danish teammate Thorbjorn Olesen and Streelman 's partner Matt Kuchar  who won the team event with Gary Woodland in 2011  both shot level par rounds of 71 . Portugal are currently lying second on two-under par thanks to rounds of 69 from Ricardo Santos and 71 from Jose-Filipe Lima . "  I played well today , " Bj  rn told reporters . "  I got off to a bit of a not so great start when I four-putted number four and then I thought , ` well , this could be a long day ' , but I kept my composure and made some good birdies . I did everything well today . I drove it pretty well . " Streelman was equally content despite dropping two shots in the closing three holes . "  I was very pleased with that start . It 's just an incredible golf course , I love it ... I just had a lot of fun there to be honest , " Streelman said . He and Bjorn are one shot ahead of South Korea 's K.J. Choi , Welshman Stuart Manley and Scot Martin Laird . Home favorite Jason Day shot a highly respectable 68 to take sixth place on his own . The 26-year-old , who is mourning the loss of eight relatives in the Philippines following Typhoon Haiyan , finished three-under par after claiming five birdies and two bogeys . Read more : Jason Day loses eight relatives There were mixed fortunes for some of the bigger names on show at the famous old course . Masters champion Adam Scott , who won the Australian Masters at the same course last week , carded a four-over par 75 which included a quintuple-bogey nine at the par four 12th hole . Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell had a day of wildly fluctuating fortunes . The former U.S. Open champion only had two pars on the opening nine which included three bogeys , a double bogey , three birdies and an eagle two at the par four ninth hole . His erratic form continued on the back nine and he eventually closed out with a double bogey to card a one-over par 72 .	Dane and U.S. golfer lead World Cup of Golf at Royal Melbourne after rounds of 66 World Cup format changes in 2013 becoming an individual event with team component Home favorite Adam Scott cards a quintuple nine at par four 12th in round of 75
CNN Student News  -- April 28 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Washington , D.C.  Manteca , California  San Antonio , Texas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : How long can you sit on a plane without it taking off ? The government has something to say about that subject . The story 's coming up in just a few minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Bank Investigation AZUZ : First up , a hearing gets heated on Capitol Hill over one company 's role in the financial crisis . Goldman Sachs is , essentially , a bank . And it 's been one of the most successful companies on Wall Street for decades . Just like a lot of banks , it took a major hit from the recession and needed help from the government -- a bailout -- in order for it to stay in business . Goldman 's been paying that money back . Now , some lawmakers are questioning Goldman about whether it had a role in the recession . During a Senate hearing yesterday , some of those questions got pretty tough . One senator accused Goldman of serving itself instead of its clients . Company executives insist that they did nothing wrong . That is just part of the controversy surrounding Goldman Sachs right now . Christine Romans has more for us on who and what are involved . Christine ? BEGIN VIDEO CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : Carl , this case is about the big housing crash , big money and , of course , big politics . The government agency called the Securities and Exchange Commission has charged one of the most powerful banks on Wall Street , Goldman Sachs , with fraud . The case is complicated , so before we go any further , let 's look at the main characters of this story . First , the SEC , or the Securities and Exchange Commission . It is a government agency in charge of regulating Wall Street and protecting investors . Then , there 's that investment bank , Goldman Sachs , one of the most profitable and revered players on Wall Street . Goldman Sachs earns money by making its own investments and by helping clients , usually other companies or pension funds or even governments , putting together their own deals . And a third character in this story , billionaire investor John Paulson . So what happened here ? The SEC says that Goldman Sachs misled its clients by selling them an investment product comprised of very bad mortgages . It allegedly did n't tell the clients that the product was put together by John Paulson , the billionaire , who hand-picked the mortgages and specifically wanted the product to go south . At the end , investors lost $ 1 billion and Paulson made $ 1 billion . Well , who cares ? Well , Goldman Sachs is accused of misleading those clients , and that is something that the SEC says is a problem . And Goldman Sachs denies those charges , by the way . The company said in a statement , "  The SEC 's charges are completely unfounded in law and fact and we will vigorously contest them and defend the firm and its reputation . " John Paulson also says that his role in the deal was "  appropriate and conducted in good faith . " To make the story even more interesting and more complicated , the SEC is now in a little bit of hot water , too . Some Republicans have implied that the agency may have timed these charges against Goldman Sachs to help pass the financial reform legislation , a big issue on Capitol Hill these days , which all Republicans currently oppose . The Securities and Exchange Commission defends its impartiality . But investigation of the investigation is now underway . On Tuesday , executives from Goldman Sachs were on Capitol Hill to answer questions from lawmakers separately . Stay tuned for more news on this case . Carl ? END VIDEO Web Promo AZUZ : Thank you , Christine . In that report , you heard Ms. Romans mention "  financial reform legislation . " This is something we 've talked about before . Congress is looking at ways to make some changes on Wall Street to try to avoid another financial crisis . The Senate is debating how to move forward on that bill . In the meantime , if you want to learn a little bit more about it , head to the Spotlight section on our home page . You will find an FAQ about the financial reform bill , how it might work , what parts of it Democrats and Republicans agree on . It 's all right there in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... tarmac  noun  a road , especially an airport runway , that 's paved with tar source : www.dictionary.com Tarmac Delay Rule AZUZ : A new rule about how long planes can sit on the tarmac with passengers on board is scheduled to go into effect tomorrow . How long is too long ? According to the U.S. government , anything over three hours . Airlines that hold planes longer than that could face a fine of up to $ 27,000 per passenger . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood says passengers who are on delayed flights that are stuck on the tarmac "  have a right to know they will not be held aboard a plane indefinitely . " A few years ago , there were several reports of planes waiting for takeoff for more than 10 hours . That 's part of what led to this new rule . Airlines have said they 'll do their best to meet the rule . The head of the Air Travelers Association saying it could lead to more inconvenience for customers . He argues airlines are more likely to cancel flights to avoid fines , and he says the rule puts a time deadline on safety-related activities . U.S. Auto Makers AZUZ : Switching gears from planes to cars . The recession hit U.S. car companies pretty hard , but things seem to be getting a little bit better . First , Ford . So far this year , the company has made over $ 2 billion . To compare , by this time last year , Ford had lost almost a billion and a half . The only part of the world where Ford made a profit last year was in South America . Now , it 's making money in every region around the globe . But the company says keeping this pace might be hard , because the cost of the materials that Ford uses to make its vehicles is going up . Over at General Motors , plans are underway to upgrade five of the company 's auto plants . The goal would be for these locations to build what GM calls a "  new generation " of fuel-efficient engines . And that could lead to new jobs ; about 1,600 of them , according to GM . General Motors has cut about 34,000 jobs from its work force since the end of 2008 . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Levang 's global studies class at Scott Highlands Middle School in Apple Valley , Minnesota ! "  Varsity " is a shortened version of what word ? You know how to play it ! Is it : A  Universal , B  Intravarsity , C  Verisimilitude or D  University ? Three seconds on the clock -- GO ! Varsity comes from university . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! GPAs & Sports AZUZ : Some of the varsity athletes at East Union High in Manteca , California might have known that . Just like at most schools , if you want to stay on the team , you have to make the grade . But East Union has a unique and very public way of making sure students meet standards . Tim Daly of affiliate KXTV breaks down the situation . BEGIN VIDEO TIM DALY , KXTV REPORTER : It 's the first thing you see on the school 's website : the grade point averages of East Union 's athletic teams . At the top is volleyball at 3.33 ; at the bottom , men 's soccer at 2.42 . All of them are expected to work in class as hard as they do on the field or court . JACKIE KETNER , EAST UNION SENIOR : It 's a cut-and-dry policy : you do n't have the grades , you do n't play . If sports are really important to you , you 're going to have your grades up . Really , to do anything at East Union you have to have your grades up , so there is an incentive to keep your grades up , which I think is good . DALY : It 's not just the website . Posters all around East Union show athletes with an academic theme . Tyler Bylow , on the left , says the school 's approach has athletes pushing other athletes . TYLER BYLOW , EAST UNION SENIOR : If you have a teammate in class , and you see him , you 'll ask him , "  What did you get on that test ? Did you turn your homework in ? " Stuff like that . You remind him , "  You need to get that stuff turned in , because we need you on the team . " DALY : East Union began putting team GPAs on the school 's website last year . Now , very few teams lose players who let their GPAs drop below 2.0 . JOHN ALBA , EAST UNION PRINCIPAL : The freshmen see seniors , and the seniors tell them you do n't play here unless your grades are up , and so it becomes a culture . ERIC SIMONI , EAST UNION ATHLETIC DIRECTOR : There 's a stigma on athletes in today 's society that hey , it 's okay to slide by and not take care of business in the classroom . I do n't operate that way , and I think on this campus kids understand the fact that they 're not going to operate that way either . DALY : But it 's not just the students being pressured to keep their grades up . Their coaches are being evaluated , as well , on how many of their players remain eligible . Stay eligible , they might just end up on a poster . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : All right . Before we go , you might 've heard of the domino effect . One Texas school is putting it in action . You may think we 're showing this video just because it 's a huge domino display . And in part , you 're right : It is ; 27,000 dominoes were involved . But the real story about this is what those dominoes represent . Dollars ; one dollar for each domino . Over the past month , students at the school raised money to help out a school in Haiti that they 'd partnered with a couple years back . So , you follow the effect : The students raise money , the money goes to Haiti , and helps rebuild a school that was damaged in January 's earthquake . Goodbye AZUZ : And all the dominoes fall into place . Plus , this story was a great lesson that small efforts can add up to make a big difference . We hope the rest of your day is fantastic ! For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn about the controversy surrounding a well-known Wall Street firm Hear arguments for and against a new rule involving airline delays Discover how one high school holds athletes to academic standards Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Washington  CNN  -- A suspect in an alleged Russian spy ring was arrested Tuesday in Cyprus a day after 10 other suspects in the case were arrested in the United States . Robert Christopher Metsos was arrested at Larnaca airport in Cyprus after an Interpol "  red notice " was served on him for suspected espionage and money laundering , Cypriot police told CNN . Authorities in Washington were being notified so extradition proceedings can begin , police said . Metsos , 55 , is free after paying 20,000 euros  about $ 24,000  in cash as bail , but he is not allowed to leave the country , police said . Metsos received money from a Russian agent and buried it in a park in northern Virginia , according to a court document . Two other suspects later showed up at the park to dig up the money , the document said . The Justice Department announced Monday that 10 people were arrested on charges of being Russian agents involved in a long-term mission in the country . Five of the arrested suspects appeared in a New York courtroom Monday . Four of the five , including a longtime U.S.-based columnist for the Spanish-language El Diario newspaper , were advised of their rights and ordered held due to flight risk , with their next hearing scheduled for July 1 . The other defendant , identified in a court document as Anna Chapman , was denied bail , and her next hearing was scheduled for July 27 . The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement the arrests are "  unfounded and have unseemly goals . " "  We do not understand the reasons why the U.S. Department of Justice has made a public statement in the spirit of the Cold War , " said the statement , posted on the ministry 's website . "  Such incidents have occurred in the past , when our relations were on the rise . In any case it is regrettable that all these things are happening on the background of the ` reset ' in Russian-U.S. relations announced by the U.S. administration . " Asked about the incident Tuesday in an appearance with Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman in Jerusalem , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said , "  We still have not received an explanation . ... I am hopeful we will get an explanation . " He said the timing of the announcement was significant but did not elaborate . Asked about the matter again following the news conference with Lieberman , Lavrov said , "  I have already said everything . " Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Farbiarz said search warrants in the case were being executed "  across the country . " He called the initial criminal complaint "  the tip of the iceberg . " "  These people are trained together , " Farbiarz said of the defendants . "  At the core of this is deception . " Separate hearings for the other detained suspects were expected later Monday in other states . A Russian Embassy spokesman said Monday that he was unaware of the reports of the arrests , and said he was seeking more information from Russian officials . The suspects were "  trained Russian intelligence operatives , " a Justice Department spokesman said , and information from court documents alleged they were part of a mission to plant "  deep-cover " agents in the United States . The Justice Department said the 10 people arrested and another person not yet in custody were supposed to recruit intelligence agents , but were not directly involved in obtaining U.S. secrets themselves . All were charged with acting as agents of a foreign government , and nine also were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering . The charges include conspiracy to act as an agent of a foreign government without notifying the U.S. attorney general , a crime that carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison , the Justice Department said . Conspiracy to commit money laundering has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . The case resulted from a "  multiyear investigation " conducted by the FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Justice Department 's National Security Division , according to a Justice Department statement . The 11 suspects were charged in two separate criminal complaints . Last week , President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev spoke of strengthened ties between the former Cold War foes after their meeting at the White House . However , court documents and Justice Department officials described a Russian intelligence operation straight out of a 1950s spy novel . According to the court documents , some of the suspects adopted phony identities , including those of dead Americans , and posed as married couples . The suspects engaged in secret communications including exchanges of bags , money drops and use of invisible ink , as well as more modern touches such as private wireless computer networks between specific laptops , the documents said . A decrypted message from Moscow to two of the suspects said they were sent to the United States for "  long-term service , " one of the documents said . "  Your education , bank accounts , car , house , etc. -- all these serve one goal : fulfill your main mission , i.e , to search and develop ties in policymaking circles in U.S. and send intels  intelligence reports  , " the document said . The Russian operation was believed to date back to the 1990s , the court document said . It added that the FBI conducted extensive electronic surveillance of the suspects for years , including secretly recording and videotaping them and surreptitiously entering residences to take photographs and copy documents . One of the suspects is Vicky Pelaez , a columnist for "  El Diario " for more than 20 years covering politics , immigration and other issues , her lawyer confirmed . Pelaez is married to Juan Lazaro , another of the suspects arrested Monday , and the couple resided in Yonkers , a New York suburb . Pelaez , Lazaro , Chapman and two other suspects -- identified as Richard Murphy and Cynthia Murphy -- appeared in the New York courtroom . The other suspects were identified in court documents as Donald Howard Heathfield , Tracey Lee Ann Foley , Michael Zottoli , Patricia Mills and Mikhail Semenko . Another suspect , Christopher R. Metsos , was still being sought . Semenko and Chapman allegedly conducted the private wireless computer links to communicate with a Russian government official , one court document alleged . In one instance , Chapman was in a bookshop and the Russian government official drove by in a van to make the wireless connection , the document said . Another document described alleged efforts to secretly get money to the suspects to fund their clandestine activities , including money drops involving exchanged bags in public places and other subterfuge . In one incident , Metsos , the suspect still at large , received money from a Russian agent and buried it in a park in northern Virginia , the document said . Mills and Zottoli later showed up at the park to dig up the money , the document said . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Carol Jordan , Michael Schwartz and Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Man arrested at Cyprus airport after Interpol alert NEW : Robert Christopher Metsos allegedly buried money in Virginia park Russian Foreign Ministry says arrests are "  regrettable " against background of renewed U.S.-Russia relations Documents say suspects were involved in long-term missions in the U.S.
CNN  -- New research suggests that crabs not only suffer pain but that they retain a memory of it . No thanks for the memories : The scientific study applied mild electric shocks to hermit crabs to determine if they could ` feel ' pain . The study , which was carried out by Professor Bob Elwood and Mirjam Appel from the School of Biological Sciences at Queen 's University , Belfast , looked at the reactions of hermit crabs to small electric shocks . It was published in the journal "  Animal Behaviour . " Professor Elwood , whose previous work showed that prawns endure pain , said his research highlighted the need to investigate the treatment of crustaceans used in food industries . Hermit crabs have no shell of their own so inhabit other structures , usually empty mollusc shells . In the research , wires were attached to shells to deliver the small shocks to the abdomen of some of the crabs within the shells . The only crabs to get out of their shells were those which had received shocks , indicating that the experience is unpleasant for them . The research suggests that this response is not just a reflex , but that central neuronal processing takes place . Hermit crabs are known to prefer some species of shells to others and it was found that that they were more likely to come out of the shells they least preferred . The main aim of the experiment was to deliver a shock just under the threshold that causes crabs to move out of the shell , to see what happened when a new shell was then offered . Crabs that had been shocked but had remained in their shell appeared to remember the experience of the shock because they quickly moved towards the new shell , investigated it briefly and were more likely to change to the new shell compared to those that had not been shocked . "  There has been a long debate about whether crustaceans including crabs , prawns and lobsters feel pain , " said Professor Elwood in a press statement . "  We know from previous research that they can detect harmful stimuli and withdraw from the source of the stimuli but that could be a simple reflex without the inner ` feeling ' of unpleasantness that we associate with pain . "  This research demonstrates that it is not a simple reflex but that crabs trade-off their need for a quality shell with the need to avoid the harmful stimulus . "  Such trade-offs are seen in vertebrates in which the response to pain is controlled with respect to other requirements . Humans , for example , may hold onto a hot plate that contains food whereas they may drop an empty plate , showing that we take into account differing motivational requirements when responding to pain . "  Trade-offs of this type have not been previously demonstrated in crustaceans . The results are consistent with the idea of pain being experienced by these animals . " Previous work at Queen 's University found that prawns show prolonged rubbing when an antenna was treated with weak acetic acid but this rubbing was reduced by local anesthetic . According to Queen 's University the findings from both studies are consistent with observations of pain in mammals . But Professor Elwood says that in contrast to mammals , little protection is given to the millions of crustaceans that are used in the fishing and food industries each day . "  More research is needed in this area where a potentially very large problem is being ignored , " said Elwood . "  Legislation to protect crustaceans has been proposed but it is likely to cover only scientific research . Millions of crustacean are caught or reared in aquaculture for the food industry . "  There is no protection for these animals  with the possible exception of certain states in Australia  as the presumption is that they can not experience pain . "  With vertebrates we are asked to err on the side of caution and I believe this is the approach to take with these crustaceans . "	New research from Queen 's University says crabs feel and remember pain Tests carried out on hermit crabs in shells that were given mild electric shocks Author of study says crustaceans should be treated with same care as vertebrates
Prominent Saudi activist Raif Badawi on Wednesday was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes by a Saudi court for insulting Islam , said his wife and a source who followed the case closely . Badawi had appealed his original 2013 conviction , which carried a sentence of seven years in prison and 600 lashes , for insulting Islam and violating the Kingdom 's anti-cybercrime laws . That verdict was overturned by an appeals court and a retrial was ordered . Badawi plans to appeal this new decision , said the source , who wished to remain anonymous . "  This is terrible news and I 'm absolutely shocked and devastated by it , " said Badawi 's wife , Ensaf Haider . "  How is it possible they could take a sentence that was already so harsh and make it even harsher ? Ten years in jail and 1,000 lashes ? That 's unimaginable . I 'm extremely scared for my husband . " The judgment also included a 1 million riyal fine , which is equal to about $ 267,000 . Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Justice Ministry for comment . Badawi , a respected rights activist in Saudi Arabia , first got into legal hot water with the Saudi government after starting a liberal website and forum where users could discuss religion . His trial , guilty verdict , sentence and imprisonment has caused immense outrage among international rights groups like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International , who accused Saudi authorities of cracking down on activism and attempting to quell dissent in the ultraconservative nation . Amnesty International called Wednesday 's judgment outrageous and called for the conviction to be overturned . "  He is a prisoner of conscience who is guilty of nothing more than daring to create a public forum for discussion and peacefully exercising the right to freedom of expression. , " said Philip Luther , director of the Middle East and North Africa program at Amnesty International . In the last few months , the Saudi government has passed a series of very strong anti-terror laws that many rights groups fear will be used , among other things , as a way to quash dissent Last year , prominent rights and reform activists Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid were each sentenced to 10 years in prison . Badawi 's appeal will be complicated because his attorney and brother-in-law , Waleed Abulkhair , recently was put on trial for undermining the image of the kingdom and breaking allegiance with the King . Last month , he was detained without explanation during his trial and has been jailed since , according to numerous rights activists and his wife , Samar Badawi . Samar Badawi said she has spoken to her husband but has not been allowed to see him . His next court hearing is May 28 . Saudi activists calling for change face harassment , jail	Raif Badawi 's retrial brings a much stiffer sentence than his first verdict Badawi also plans to appeal this decision , a source who has followed the case tells CNN His wife says she is "  extremely scared for my husband " Badawi 's lawyer has been jailed on separate charges
CNN  -- It 's a time-honored adage about the laws of probability : Give 1 million monkeys 1 million typewriters and they 'll eventually type the entire works of William Shakespeare . Now , a software developer in Nevada is putting that saying to the test . And his digital monkeys are off to a good start . This weekend , Jesse Anderson wrote on his blog that a computerized simulation of the theoretical simian typing pool has completed "  A Lover 's Complaint , " a narrative poem that appeared in a book of The Bard 's sonnets . "  This is the first time a work of Shakespeare has actually been randomly reproduced , " Anderson wrote . "  Furthermore , this is the largest work ever randomly reproduced . It is one small step for a monkey , one giant leap for virtual primates everywhere . " Anderson 's virtual monkeys began typing on August 21 . Using open-source software called Hadoop , he created a huge group of "  monkeys " that input random strings of gibberish . When a chunk of text matches a word used in Shakespeare 's catalogue , it gets crossed off of a database of the plays and poems . His database comes from Project Gutenberg . So far , he said , over 5 trillion character groups have been churned out . Based on a page updating the project 's progress , several more works might be checked off the list soon . The monkeys appear to need only two more words to complete the comedy "  The Tempest " and seven more to bang out "  As You Like It . "  There 's been no explanation for why the computer monkeys seem to be lagging behind on Shakespeare 's tragedies . "  The monkeys will continue typing away until every work of Shakespeare is randomly created , " Anderson wrote . Permutations of the Infinite Monkey Theorem dates back as far as Aristotle  although he obviously did n't have a typewriter  . Anderson 's inspiration came from a perhaps less likely source : "  The Simpsons . " He says it harks back to a "  Simpsons " scene in which Mr. Burns chains up 1,000 monkeys , giving them the task of writing a great novel and berating one of them for typing , "  It was the best of times . It was the blurst of times . " Anderson 's approach is , if nothing else , gentler . "  No monkeys were harmed during the making of this code , " he wrote .	Digital ` monkeys ' with typewriters complete Shakespeare 's "  A Lover 's Complaint " Project is the brainchild of a Nevada developer and aims to test the classic "  Infinite Monkey Theorem " It began last month and will continue until The Bard 's entire catalogue is reproduced The program types random bursts of code , crossing words off when they match Shakespeare 's
CNN  -- The emergence of Kickstarter , the leader in the newish field of online crowd-funding , has been a paradigm-shifting boon for artists and other creators looking for a new way to bankroll projects that might otherwise never have happened . But as the popularity of the site , and others like Indiegogo , increases , users have been asking : What happens when I donate to a project but then the recipient never follows through ? This week , the site said that while that rarely happens , there 's not much they can do about it when it does . "  Kickstarter does not investigate a creator 's ability to complete their project , " a team of Kickstarter 's top officers said in a blog post . "  Backers ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it . " The Tuesday post came in response to an NPR piece that highlighted the site 's inability to guarantee that users will deliver on their promises . The site does review projects before publishing them online , but only to insure that they meet Kickstarter 's guidelines . Kickstarter says more than 2 million donors have funded nearly 30,000 projects since 2009 . The site requires projects have a clear goal  a specific product as opposed to , say , starting a business  , fit into one of the site 's mainly arts-related categories and not fall into its broadly defined "  prohibited content " clause .  This being the Internet , we 're presuming they 're mostly taking about porn  . The bottom line , Kickstarter says , is that the donor needs to weigh the reliability and honesty of the person they are pledging money to , as well as their ability to deliver what 's promised . The site began as a haven for independent artists seeking help to make a dream a reality -- be it an independent film , CD release , book , play or video game . But as its popularity grew , many Kickstarter campaigns began to resemble business transactions more than creators looking for a helping hand . In August , a project to build an open-source gaming console raised $ 8.6 million . Penny Arcade , an already successful webcomic , raised more than a half-million dollars to make its site ad-free . The Pebble , a watch that works with Apple and Android operating systems , was pledged more than $ 10.2 million . While projects like those do fall under Kickstarter 's guidelines , they 've helped create situations in which donors think of themselves more as customers than helpers , and the "  gifts " they get for donating as merchandise they 're owed . David Barnett was featured in the NPR piece . His project , the PopSockets iPhone case , was successfully funded in February . Nearly seven months later , no cases have been shipped after a string of complications . He says he 's given refunds to several backers who asked for them , but still plans to complete production . Barnett , to his credit , has actively worked to explain what 's going on . The responses he 's gotten from backers on the campaign 's page shows the split in the mindset of those who gave . "  I think this should be a lesson for any other Kickstarter project you do ... , " wrote backer Aseem Kishore on his project 's page . "  I 've backed a lot of Kickstarter projects and every one of them has delivered except this one . Not happy . " Others , however , were taking the delay in stride , saying they know that 's sometimes the nature of backing startups . "  Though my financial backing was minimal , my personal support was , and is strong , " a backer named Kayte Fulton wrote in the same thread . "  I believe I speak for many of your supporters when I say , keep us in the loop , your product is cool and versatile , and who knows what opportunities await ! " That 's the attitude Kickstarter wants to encourage , even as it warns users to carefully consider before donating . "  The number of creative projects that have been funded and produced on Kickstarter in the past three years is enormous . Many could not exist otherwise , " reads the blog post . "  But of course not every project goes perfectly . Delays do occur , especially with more complicated projects . Some creators get in over their heads dealing with processes that are new to them . "  Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they 'd like to be a part of it . Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding . "	Kickstarter urges users to choose wisely Most funded projects on the site are realized , but some hit complications With site 's growth , some campaigns feel more like business transactions Kickstarter : "  Not every project goes perfectly "
CNN  -- Manchester United fans are used to dramatic finishes , but not against Stoke City at Old Trafford . Alex Ferguson 's recently published autobiography maybe full of tales of derring-do against more illustrious opposition , but these are wildly different days at United at present . United were a goal down inside five minutes when Jonny Evans attempted clearance rebounded off Peter Crouch and past David De Gea . Robin van Persie calmed United nerves with an equalizer two minutes before the break but the relief was short-lived when Marko Arnautovic restored Stoke 's lead moments later with a well-executed free kick . And that 's how it stayed until the 78th minute before Wayne Rooney came to the rescue with a header to bring United level before Javier Hernandez scored the winner two minutes later . Read more : Russian racism furore is latest headache for FIFA The 3-2 win eases the pressure on David Moyes and keeps United , who have 14 points from nine matches , in touching distance of the league leaders Arsenal . Arsene Wenger 's side dispatched bottom-of-the-table Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park in the day 's early kick-off . The Premier League newboys , who are currently without a manager after Ian Holloway 's resignation in midweek , were on equal terms after a competitive first half but Mikel Arteta 's 47th minute penalty gave the away side a deserved lead . The Spanish international was later red-carded for a professional foul on former Gunners forward Marouane Chamakh , but Arsenal made sure of the three points when Olivier Giroud headed in Aaron Ramsey 's deftly chipped cross . The win keeps Arsene Wenger 's side two points clear at the top of the table with 22 points from nine games . Liverpool move up to second after thrashing West Bromwich Albion 4-1 at Anfield . Luis Suarez got the Merseysiders off to a flier with goals in the 12th minute and 17th minute before completing his hat-trick 10 minutes after the break . James Morrison pulled one back for West Brom when he converted from the penalty spot in the 66th minute , but hopes of a comeback were extinguished 11 minutes later when Daniel Sturridge scored a delightful fourth , chipping the ball over goalkeeper Boaz Myhill . Everton 's superb early season continued with 2-0 away win against Aston Villa . Romelu Lukaku scored his fifth goal of the season in the 68th minute before Leon Osman doubled the lead 13 minutes later . The Toffees ' fifth win in six league games sees them leapfrog Chelsea to go fourth . Jose Mourniho 's men can return to second in the table if they beat Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Sunday . Southampton 's good form also continued with a comfortable 2-0 win over Fulham at St Mary 's Stadium . First-half goals from Rickie Lambert and Jay Rodriguez lift Southampton to third in the table . Mauricio Pochettino 's side have the best defensive record in the league with only three goals conceded in nine matches . Norwich City and Cardiff City drew 0-0 in the other league fixture played Saturday .	Manchester United make heavy weather of win against Stoke City at Old Trafford League leaders Arsenal beat Crystal Palae 2-0 ; Liverpool thrash West Brom 4-1 Chelsea take on Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Sunday
CNN  -- An urgent humanitarian situation has become a major political conundrum . The surge of Central American children illegally crossing the border into Texas has politicians debating possible responses while scattered protests against the influx threaten to become an organized movement in coming days . Even fellow Democrats are criticizing President Barack Obama 's administration over the issue likely to linger through the November congressional elections . Here 's a look at Wednesday 's developments : Rising Anger "  We are being invaded ! " screams a flyer urging nationwide protests this weekend against the tens of thousands of youngsters coming to America on their own from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . The July 18-19 "  National Day of Protesting Against Illegal Immigration , Amnesty and the Border Surge " has a host of right-wing groups participating and promises more than 250 demonstrations at state capitols , Mexican consulates "  and on streets and overpasses coast to coast , including Hawaii and Alaska . " Not in my backyard : Communities protest surge of immigrant kids While the impact remains uncertain , the effort follows an increasing eruption of public opposition to government efforts to place the newly arrived youngsters in holding facilities across the country . Earlier this month , screaming protesters waving American flags in Murietta , California , turned back buses transporting undocumented youngsters to a detainee facility . On Tuesday , protesters on both sides of the debate faced off at an Oracle , Arizona , boys ranch intended for temporarily housing child immigrants from Texas , according to CNN affiliates covering the story . Some communities were more welcoming , such as Fontana , California , where staff and community donations of food , clothing and toys awaited buses carrying about 40 of the youngsters to a local church last week , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . New polls Americans consider immigration the most important issue for now , according to a new national survey released Wednesday . The Gallup poll conducted July 7-10 found 17 % ranking immigration first , a 12 percentage-point increase for the issue since last month . Other issues cited included dissatisfaction with the government at 16 % , the economy at 15 % and jobs at 14 % , with nothing else reaching double digits . As expected , more Republicans than Democrats chose immigration as the top issue . "  With no solution to the current crisis in sight , and less than four months to go before the midterm elections , it is easy to believe the issue could still be a factor come November , " a Gallup news release said . On Tuesday , an ABC News/Washington Post poll showed a majority of people back Obama 's $ 3.7 billion plan to address the border surge , but far fewer approve how the President or congressional Republicans are dealing with what the administration calls an urgent humanitarian situation . CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said such numbers show people were fed up with political stalemate over immigration . "  I think they 've had it with both parties in this , " she said . "  So Congress better get something done pretty quickly here . " Congress mulls over the issue Obama met Wednesday with Hispanic lawmakers and then House Democrats to seek support for his emergency funding request to respond to the border crisis . The President seeks to reduce a backlog of cases overwhelming the immigration system by speeding up hearings to determine who stays and who goes . His request includes $ 1.8 billion to provide temporary care for children in government custody , and $ 1.6 billion to bolster customs and border efforts while cracking down on smugglers . Another $ 300 million would help Central American governments discourage parents from paying smugglers to get their children to the United States . So far , Republicans have balked at Obama 's request , saying they will come up with a smaller plan . Unintended consequences : 2008 anti-trafficking law contributes to border crisis One proposal by Texas legislators -- GOP Sen. John Cornyn and Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar -- would change a 2008 law that requires immigration hearings for children from countries other than neighbors Mexico and Canada who arrive at the border on their own . It would stop requiring hearings but allow children to request one , which would have to take place within 72 hours . The measure also would provide some additional funding , but much less than Obama seeks . While Republicans sought to build support in both chambers for the plan , top Senate Democrats said no . Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey called it inhumane , saying 72 hours was insufficient time for people seeking asylum from endemic violence and other social ills back home to make their case to an immigration judge . Homeland Security head goes to Senate Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told senators Wednesday he wants Congress to pass a spending bill and make changes to the 2008 law so his department can more effectively process and return immigrants . But lawmakers from both parties said they were not ready to sign onto his request . In a nearly two-hour closed session for all senators in the Capitol , Johnson pressed for a policy change similar to the one proposed by Cornyn and Cuellar . Johnson described the briefing as "  very constructive and useful , " but lawmakers from both parties said the plan fell short . "  That wo n't be enough , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  We 're going to have to streamline the deportation process . " Cornyn said the administration 's plan did n't do as much as his proposal to quickly resolve the crisis . Unhappy with the proposed changes , Ohio Democrat Sen. Sherrod Brown argued , "  To make a wholesale repeal to the law does n't make sense for the country . " Sen. Dick Durbin , the second-ranking Democratic leader , said he was n't ready to accept any change to the 2008 law , which he said was designed to protect children who have been the victims of human and sexual trafficking and other crimes . "  Some of these kids have horrible experiences they 've been through , " said Durbin , adding Congress needs "  to make sure at the end of the day these kids are treated humanely , compassionately , and we do n't return these kids to a deadly circumstance in their home country . " The senators were told that the number of unaccompanied minors entering the country has leveled , now making up one in seven of illegal migrants to the country . Graham said there was an audible gasp in the room when senators were told the cost to taxpayers for caring for each unaccompanied minor now in the United States runs from $ 250 to $ 1,000 per day . Democratic split Privately , Democrats acknowledged a divided Senate caucus , with some wanting to maintain the existing legal rights while others were ready to drop the fight to secure more funding before Congress goes on its five-week summer recess at the end of July . Signs of the divide on the political left extended beyond Congress . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , a possible presidential nominee in 2016 , criticized the Obama administration for planning to send back most of the Central American children from the recent surge . "  We are Americans , and we do not return refugee kids who find themselves on our doorstep back into war-torn or famine-racked places where they will face certain death , " he told CNN . "  So I think we have to act like Americans . " At the same time , he acknowledged trying to prevent some of the child immigrants from being sent to a western Maryland site under consideration for a temporary holding facility . "  What I said was that would not be the most inviting site in Maryland . There are already hundreds of kids already located throughout Maryland , " O'Malley said of his phone conversation with White House domestic policy adviser Cecelia Munoz . Obama , who wants to quickly send back immigrants with no legal basis to remain in the United States , has to corral his Democratic colleagues in Congress , warned David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst . "  He ought to be focusing like a laser on the question of getting some sort of legislation passed , " Gergen said . What 's the difference between immigrant and refugee ? Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station Senate GOP confident Congress will pass bipartisan border remedy Share your immigration stories CNN 's Halimah Abdullah , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser , Deirdre Walsh and Ted Barrett contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	Right-wing groups plan nationwide protests this weekend A new poll shows immigration is the top issue for Americans Congress debates responses in final weeks before its summer break Democrats are divided on how to respond
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs was sentenced Tuesday to life in prison plus 20 years for sexually assaulting two girls he claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " Jeffs , 55 , will have to spend at least 45 years in prison before being eligible for release , according to Jerry Strickland , spokesman for the Texas Attorney General 's office . The jury sentenced Jeffs to life in prison for aggravated sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl and 20 years in prison for the sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl . He must serve at least 35 years of the life sentence and half of the other sentence , Strickland said . The judge in the case ordered that the sentences be served consecutively . "  Justice has been served , " Jeffs ' nephew , Brent Jeffs , told InSession soon after the sentence . He testified during the penalty phase of his uncle 's trial that Jeffs raped him when he was 5 years old . "  I finally had this day and it was an awesome day in court to be here , involved in all of this , " said Brent Jeffs , now 28 . Jeffs perverted his position as the head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to "  satisfy his own personal appetites and desires , " prosecutor Eric Nichols said . Those appetites included forcing sex on the two girls , 12 and 15 , who he had taken as wives , prosecutors said . Audiotapes seized from his car and the church 's Yearning For Zion Ranch compound in Eldorado , Texas , and played for jurors during his trial , depicted Jeffs offering "  celestial marriage " instructions to the young wives , according to prosecutors . "  You have to know how to be sexually excited and to help each other ... and you have to be ready for the time I need your comfort , " a man 's voice says . "  This is your mission . This is how you abide the law . At one point , the man says , "  Take your clothes off . Do it right now , " followed by the sounds of crying . "  Just do n't think about the pain ; you 're going to heaven , " the man says . "  Rarely if ever in the criminal justice system in Texas have we ever encouraged a person such as Warren Jeffs , whose criminal conduct spans decades , multiple jurisdictions and hundreds of victims , " Nichols said . A former member of the church , Rebecca Musser , said the verdict will not bring back lost innocence . But she said it can help others escape from abuse they may have suffered . "  Whether the currency is God or greed , the trafficking of women and children for sex is a form of slavery , " she said . Jeffs is the eighth person from the ranch to be convicted on sexual assault , bigamy and other charges , according to the Texas Attorney General 's office . Four others are awaiting trial . Attorney General Greg Abbott said he believes authorities have rooted out the molesters from the ranch , but will continue to monitor the church 's activities there . "  We have an ongoing open investigation that will evaluate all evidence about any kind of wrongdoing out there at the compound whatsoever , " Abbott said . Jurors came back with the sentence after 30 minutes of deliberations Tuesday . They began their work Tuesday morning following brief closing statements by prosecutor Nichols . Jeffs , who has argued that he and his faith were being persecuted , instructed his attorneys to deliver no closing statement . "  This is not the prosecution to persecute a people , this is a prosecution to protect a people , " Nichols told jurors . Jeffs did not attend the closing statement . In addition to tape recordings that the state said depicted sex acts with minors , prosecutors also presented evidence that Jeffs knew he was wanted by federal authorities and that his behavior would be shunned by outsiders . FBI Special Agent John Broadway testified that Jeffs ordered the destruction of various discs and transcripts three days after an arrest warrant was issued for him on June 10 , 2005 . The polygamist sect leader established "  houses of hiding , " allegedly with young girls for him to marry , Broadway said . The FBI agent also read from a priesthood record , in which Jeffs allegedly wrote : "  Things are happening so quickly . There is an even younger girl that the Lord wants me to take . She is 13 . For some reason the Lord is sending me these girls that can be worked with . " Jeffs also wrote : "  If the world knew what I was doing , they would hang me from the highest tree , " according to evidence presented in court . Referring to that comment , prosecutor Nichols said during his closing statement that "  Yes , this is Texas . But no , we do n't hang convicts anymore from the highest tree , and we do n't have the ability to call down the wrath of the Almighty ... We as a people choose to isolate our worst offenders , to keep them away from their past and future victims . " Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect 's doctrine . InSession 's Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Justice has been served , " Jeffs ' nephew tells InSession Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs will have to spend at least 45 years in prison A jury sentenced Jeffs to life in prison on one count , 20 years on the other He was convicted of aggravated sexual assault and sexual assault of a child
CNN  -- Containing the Ebola outbreak sweeping West Africa is plausible -- but action needs to be taken immediately , before affected states potentially collapse and the virus spirals out of control , campaigner Bob Geldof says . "  Even out of self-interest you have to act in these instances , " Geldof told CNN 's Max Foster . "  There is no time-lag between what happens in the poor parts of the world and it affecting us , which is why we have to ... intervene quite radically and effectively and immediately . " Since the outbreak started in March , about 9,000 Ebola cases and 4,493 deaths have been reported , mostly in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , according to the World Health Organization . The WHO has warned there could be up to 10,000 new Ebola cases per week across the three hardest-hit nations by the end of the year . Geldof , the musician responsible for coordinating Live Aid concerts to draw attention to famine in Africa in the 1980s , said people starved then because they could n't grow food and they and their governments had no money to buy any . "  In effect they died of poverty . "  The same is happening now in West Africa . They do n't have the doctors , nurses , hospitals , state systems that they have in Texas or Madrid and so once again , through no fault of their own , this virus is out of control in states where there are no systems -- because there is no money , " he said . In Sierra Leone , one of the nations worst-hit by Ebola , the situation was "  particularly tragic , " he said . "  Sierra Leone was just getting off its knees , beginning to breathe , the economy was beginning to have traction and people were beginning to get well educated , hospitals were being built , " Geldof said . "  You could be looking at -- some people think -- some sort of state collapse , which would be utterly unthinkable because the disease itself , should that happen , would then spiral away by itself . " But Geldof was hopeful the spread of the virus could be halted . "  With the right will , the right level of commitment , this can be contained . The issue is , will it be contained in time to stop these states collapsing and then other evils -- human evils -- emanating from that , " he said . "  I 've been briefed on what the response is and should all of it happen then I think it 's plausible . But it has to happen immediately , it has to happen now . It 's now beyond getting together and having a summit . It 's now calling up the various leaders and saying ` now , do it now , mobilize this thing instantly and proactively . " The medical organization Medicines San Frontieres -- or Doctors Without Borders -- had warned six months ago of the Ebola threat to the world and "  we should have put a stop to it then , " he said . An effective response , however , depended on more than "  just the usual suspects " of Western Europe and the United States getting involved , said Geldof . "  It should be in the interest to the Chinese and the Japanese and the Russians to contribute to this and we hear very little from them and we should hear more . "	An outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa has killed more than 4,400 people since March Campaigner and musician Bob Geldof says immediate action is needed to stop the crisis Geldof says Ebola 's spread is linked to poverty in the worst affected countries He warns affected states could collapse , allowing Ebola and "  human evils " to take hold
CNN  -- The chilling sound of multiple gunshots shattered the relative quiet of the school day at Sandy Hook Elementary School at around 9:30 Friday morning -- children screaming , then silence , as teachers did their best to protect their students and keep them quiet , hoping desperately the shooter would not find them . This is a morning no one in this small town in Connecticut will ever forget ; the morning a gunman forced his way into the school and killed 26 people -- six adults and 20 children , all under the age of 10 ; the last morning some Newtown , Connecticut , parents would see their kids alive . As the community reels , organizations are setting up ways to help through donations and support . An official fund for victims ' families , and the community as a whole , has now been established : The Sandy Hook School Support Fund , set up by the United Way of Western Connecticut will provide support services to families and the community . All donations to this fund will go directly to those affected . The Red Cross has also been on the ground , offering food and water to affected families and first responders , and providing more than 50 units of blood to Danbury hospital where some of the victims were transported . They have set up a center for emergency grief counseling - and more than 100 Red Cross workers , including mental health professionals , are on the ground in Newtown helping to support the community . The Red Cross stresses it has what it needs to support efforts in Newtown , and is asking that those wishing to donate to families and the community , direct their contributions to the Sandy Hook School Support Fund . In addition , the nonprofit mental health clinic Newtown Youth and Family Services is providing counseling for families , community members and school staff . They say no appointments are needed and those needing help may walk in . All donations made to them at this time will go to helping those impacted . The Newtown Parent Connection has also pledged to try and bring in extra counselors to help parents cope . Some private funds have also been set up in the wake of the tragedy to help victims . The Newtown Memorial Fund is taking donations for the families and community affected , and is also actively recruiting volunteers and offers of help of all kinds . Facebook pages and websites have also been set up to help the families of Emilie Parker  6  , Olivia Rose Engel  6  , Noah Pozner  6  , and Daniel Barden  7  , who were killed at Sandy Hook . The band OneRepublic has also started a fund to raise money for those affected . You can find details on how to donate to OneRepublic 's fund here . The organization ` Lutheran Church Charities ' has sent a team of ` comfort dogs ' to the community . Chewie , Barnabas , Hannah and others will be visiting schoolchildren , attending funerals and memorial services , and will be at the memorial area . You can donate to help support the dogs ' visit to Newtown here . For families from the Newtown area , and even beyond , a pressing problem will be how to help children cope with the aftermath of this tragedy -- and indeed how to give parents space to grieve , knowing their children are being looked after . To that end , Save The Children has opened a "  child-friendly space " in Newtown to give kids a place to play and express themselves while parents seek support or counseling . The space is located in Newtown 's Reed Intermediate School , where students of Sandy Hook elementary go after graduating . In addition , Save The Children has released 10 tips for parents wondering how to help their children deal with their feelings about such a traumatic event , such as spending extra time with your kids , and limiting TV time . A number of other organizations , such as the National Association of School Psychologists , and the American Academy of Pediatrics , have released recommendations for parents and teachers as to how to support children if they want to talk about what happened . The US Postal Service has added a PO Box for those who wish to send letters of condolence to the residents of Newtown . Please address mail to : Message of Condolence , PO Box 3700 , Newtown , CT 06470 . You can also send words of support and messages for families affected in an evergram here . They will be collated and given to the families in the future . The Connecticut Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection says anyone wishing to volunteer should call 211 or 800203-1234 .	Official fund for victims ' families in Newtown established Red Cross , Save The Children providing emergency services Save The Children has released 10 tips on how to help children cope with tragedy
CNN  -- Steven Van Zandt did not mince words . Steven Van Zandt  right  wants musicians to have a sense of history and care for their craft . "  I want to spend just a minute on a topic that never ever gets discussed in the music business -- the music , " the Bruce Springsteen guitarist and "  Sopranos " star said in a speech to the SXSW music and arts festival in March . "  The reason nobody wants to talk about it is because it mostly sucks ! "  Who are we kidding here ? " he said . "  Nobody 's buying records ? Because they suck ! " He called the speech "  A Crisis of Craft , " and implored listeners to get back to rock 'n' roll 's roots . Learn how to play cover songs , he said . Get people to dance . Harness your working-class energy . Take pride in craft . It 's been two months since that speech , and Van Zandt is still passionate about the subject . " -LSB- Rock 'n' roll -RSB- is a craft that has to be learned , " he tells CNN . "  There are things you learn by listening to great records , copying heroes . " He believes that he said some things that people were thinking , but have n't said out loud . But the rumbles are out there . The music business is in a state of flux , with the sales of more profitable CDs continuing to fall even as single downloads climb . "  American Idol 's " season is coming to an end , with rock purists once again assailing the show 's slick pop sensibility . Commercial radio , country , rap and hip-hop -- they all have their critics , many of them wishing a return to the way things used to be . Blog : What do you think of the state of rock 'n' roll ? Van Zandt has sympathy for all sides , coming at the issue from what he calls "  a unique perspective " -- he 's a musician , a DJ  with his radio show and Sirius XM channel , "  Little Steven 's Underground Garage "  and record label honcho  Wicked Cool Records  . He 's quick to observe that he 's not slamming all pop music . There 's vibrancy in some hip-hop , he says , and he admires "  Idol , " particularly when it promotes music history . "  But it 's quite an alien world to my traditional rock 'n' roll world , " he adds . "  It has nothing to do with it . " Within that rock 'n' roll world , he worries . Today 's bands , he says , look down on performing covers , and as a result many have gotten lost in a musical wilderness . "  The result is an extraordinary amount of mediocrity , " he says . "  There are no standards to live up to . " Which is part of the problem with rejuvenating rock 'n' roll , says Steve Greenberg , founder of S-Curve Records , which includes alt-rockers Tinted Windows and We The Kings among its acts . Technology is one problem , he observes . "  I think in the old days , in order to even be decent , it took a lot of work , " he says . "  And today , relatively untalented and uncreative people can actually make rock 'n' roll music that sounds kind of decent . And I think that kind of fools people and causes people to be lazy . " But for Greenberg there 's also a sense that the "  square pegs " -- the naturally rebellious types -- are getting shoved in round holes . "  A lot of opportunities inevitably these days go to people who fit the format , whether the format is Top 40 radio or ` American Idol ' or -LSB- Radio -RSB- Disney or whatever it is , " he says . "  There 's so much pressure to fit those slots . And it 's the square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world . " The spirited Greenberg wants to channel that rebellious energy . He 's high on a band he signed named Care Bears on Fire , a trio of 13-year-old Brooklyn girls who sound like the Ramones with a touch of Shonen Knife . "  Their attitude is maybe one size does n't fit all , " he says . "  I feel like the spirit of rock 'n' roll lives in those guys . ... They 're having fun playing rock 'n' roll . " Scott Booker , the manager of the avant-pop band the Flaming Lips  "  She Do n't Use Jelly , " "  Do You Realize ?? "  , is also hoping to foster creativity . He 's serving as the CEO of the Academy of Contemporary Music , a music school based at Central Oklahoma University . Drawing from a British concept , the school plans to offer courses in music , music production and the music business , many starting this fall . Booker observes record labels are n't spending as much money on developing talent . He hopes the ACM not only makes bands more signable , but also teaches them business strategies , such as setting up their own label and distribution apparatus . "  This could become a think tank for how the industry could go , " he says , musing aloud . "  People think of music as a throwaway cultural item -LSB- nowadays -RSB- . I want to change that . ... Make things more exciting . " Technology , adds BMI executive Phil Graham , can also be rock 'n' roll 's friend . "  The opportunities the digital world give the population as a whole to throw their talents to a very wide audience is a very good thing , " he says . More people have gotten the chance to put their music out there and connect with fellow music lovers , he says . Of course , there are also old-fashioned connections . BMI sponsors dozens of showcases for new acts ; young bands play clubs and hawk their CDs  or Web page  . Van Zandt welcomes the efforts , but hopes there 's also a connection to rock 'n' roll history . He 's founded a Rock and Roll Forever Foundation to foster music education in schools .  To its credit , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum has similar programs . "  The spark comes from whatever people are into these days -- and that very well may be ` American Idol , ' " he says . "  You start with whatever singer you 're rooting for , and you start to trace back where they come from . It 's up to the artists themselves to make sure that their fans know where they 're coming from , to make it clear that music does n't fall off trees . "	Steven Van Zandt : Bands are n't woodshedding , are n't learning rock 'n' roll history Record label head : "  square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world " Ways to counter trend : Use technology wisely , invest in history
CNN  -- Titleholders Inter Milan will take on Bayern Munich in the last 16 of the Champions League after Friday 's draw produced a repeat of last season 's final . Italian side Inter went into the pot knowing that a tie with one of Europe 's top sides was likely after qualifying for the knockout stages in second place in Group A behind Tottenham . "  It 's an interesting draw , " Inter chairman Massimo Moratti told the club 's official website . "  We 've faced Bayern Munich lots of times in the past , it 's almost a traditional fixture . " Rafael Benitez 's side will have home advantage for the first leg , which will be played in February , while the trip to Germany will take place in March . Bayern , beaten 2-0 in May 's final when Jose Mourinho was in charge of Inter , have struggled in the Bundesliga but topped Group E with five wins from six matches . "  Inter is an extremely tough draw . Probably the most difficult draw open to us , " Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told the club 's website . "  But it 's also a very appealing draw for us . This is now our chance to take revenge . " Barcelona will play English club Arsenal in a repeat of the 2006 final and last season 's quarterfinals , both of which were won by the Spanish champions . "  Difficult but possible , " was Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger 's reaction to the draw . "  I did n't want anybody really , all teams would have been difficult , " he told his club 's official website . "  Barcelona are certainly the favorites but they did not want us either because they know they will get a game . " Barca 's Spanish rivals Real Madrid have the chance to avenge last season 's second-round defeat by French club Lyon , who went on to reach the semifinals . Mourinho will seek to take his expensively-assembled team past the last-16 stage for the first time since 2004 as Real bid for a 10th title . Madrid legend Emilio Butragueno , who was present at the draw , believes his former club will reach the later stages of the competition this year . "  This is a cruel but thrilling competition . We drew Lyon and must accept it , " he said on Real 's website . "  We must be very focused . We are more than capable of making the quarterfinals . " English club Tottenham 's reward for finishing top in Group A in their first appearance in the competition is another trip to Italy to face AC Milan . The Serie A leaders , who finished second behind Real in Group G , are seeking an eighth title , having last won it in 2007 . Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp described the match as a "  great challenge . " "  I said before the draw that I would n't mind playing AC Milan , " he told the London side 's website . "  You want to take on the best teams in the world , and that 's what the fans want to see as well . " Three-time champions Manchester United will travel to France next month for the first leg against 1993 winners Marseille . Manager Alex Ferguson told the United website it would be a "  difficult tie " . "  Marseille are a handful at their own ground , their fantastic atmosphere and incredible support guarantees that . They 've had a good change in fortunes in the last two or three years , " he said . English rivals Chelsea , who also topped their group , will face Copenhagen -- the first Danish team to reach the knockout stages after finishing second in Group D behind Barcelona . But Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay said the Premier League champions would not underestimate their opponents . " ` There 's no easy games at this stage and we 'll be very careful , " he told the club 's website . Shakhtar Donetsk will also face a last-16 tie for the first time after topping Group H ahead of Arsenal , and the Ukrainian side will travel to the Italian capital to play AS Roma in next month 's first leg . German club Schalke , who topped Group B ahead of Lyon , will travel to Spain for the first leg of their second-round clash with Valencia -- second behind Manchester United in Group C. Champions League last-16 draw AS Roma  Italy  v Shakhtar Donetsk  Ukraine  AC Milan  Italy  v Tottenham  England  Valencia  Spain  v Schalke  Germany  Inter Milan  Italy  v Bayern Munich  Germany  Lyon  France  v Real Madrid  Spain  Arsenal  England  v Barcelona  Spain  Marseille  France  v Manchester United  England  Copenhagen  Denmark  v Chelsea  England First leg to be played on February 15-16 and 22-23 Second leg on March 8-9 and 15-16	Bayern Munich handed chance to avenge Champions League final defeat German champions will take on titleholders Inter Milan in the second round Barcelona drawn with Arsenal in repeat of last season 's quarters and 2006 final Real Madrid will play Lyon in a repeat of last season 's last-16 defeat to the French club
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A group of seven preschoolers gathered at a small table in the center of a brightly lit classroom and started playing with plastic blocks . Certified special education teacher Stefanie Waldrop works with students at the Marcus Autism Center . Their teacher , 27-year-old Stefanie Waldrop , sat in the middle of the group . She periodically asked the students what they were making . Some were unable to speak , others were squirming in their tiny chairs ; several interrupted the playtime to use the bathroom . The children , ages 2 to 5 , have one thing in common : They all have autism . "  We come in here in the morning not knowing what the day 's going to hold , " said Waldrop , who teaches at the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta . "  We have to be really flexible about the stuff we do in the classroom . " Waldrop , who 's been on the job for five years , is one of three certified special education teachers in the Center 's Early Intervention Program . Along with a group of assistants , the teachers spend the seven-hour school day moving from classroom to playroom to playground with 22 students who fall somewhere along the autism spectrum . The American Academy of Pediatrics describes the autism spectrum as "  a group of brain-based disorders that affect a child 's behavior , social and communication skills . " The students at the Marcus Center are grouped not by age , but by their level of function . Waldrop is paired with children who have never received educational intervention before and have no readiness skills to transition to a public school . Watch more on teaching children with autism " In addition to helping the students learn to communicate , it 's Waldrop 's job to teach some of the basics , such as "  going to the bathroom , washing hands ... putting on their own socks and shoes , sitting in a chair without jumping up , and making eye contact . " iReport.com : Have attitudes changed towards autism ? Tell us about your experience The job can be physically and emotionally demanding with a high burnout rate , according to Dr. Catherine Trapani , director of the education program at the Marcus Autism Center . Waldrop used to work with older children who were profoundly and cognitively disabled , some of whom had serious aggression and behavior problems , Trapani said . "  Stefanie was hurt . She was beaten up in the process of delivering her lessons and still came to work , " said Trapani . It helps that Waldrop loves children , but the right teacher for this job also has to be "  reflective , outgoing , serious and silly , " Trapani said . "  When you have to do the same thing 5,000 times and you 're still not getting the response that you 're looking for , if you ca n't see the humor in that or if you ca n't have a lighthearted moment , then you 're going to be a very unhappy person , " she said . Waldrop admitted there are times when she gets frustrated . "  There are lots of days that are very stressful and some days we come in first thing in the morning and we 're not quite sure how we 're going to make it to 3 o'clock , " she said . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living It helps to have three assistants in the classroom . "  We play off of each other and can tell when someone is starting to get stressed out , " she said . At that point , Waldrop said , it is time to take a break outside the classroom . Waldrop does n't use a lesson plan ; rather , the work is organized in units . This month she 's trying to teach the alphabet . Trapani asks all the teachers she employs to focus on achieving one primary goal : "  To develop skills to get children out of this setting and into community-based settings . " Waldrop said she worries that , in general , the public does n't set very high expectations for children with autism . "  People do n't expect the kids to be able to do certain things , " she said . "  But if you work with them , most of our kids do pretty much anything that you can put in front of them . " But , she conceded , even conquering the basic milestones can take time . "  When our kids learn how to do things that most people think are really easy -- like washing your hands -- that 's exciting , " Waldrop said . "  It might take months for them to get it , but when they finally do , it is really exciting . " "  We have kids who come in that are not able to talk at all and now can hold simple conversations , " she said . "  Knowing that you 'll get there eventually is really gratifying . "	The Marcus Autism Center 's goal : Teach skills so kids can move into community Students at Marcus Center are grouped not by age , but by level of function Classes are small , with certified special education teacher plus several assistants Some children arrive with no "  readiness " skills , like talking or putting on shoes
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- A left-leaning website that union supporters used to rally protesters in Wisconsin was partially blocked as demonstrators gathered in the state Capitol over a controversial budget bill . The website , defendwisconsin.org , could not be accessed on Monday and into Tuesday morning in the Capitol building , where crowds assembled over proposed legislation that would increase the costs of benefits to public employees and curb their collective-bargaining rights . Wisconsin Democratic Party press secretary Graeme Zielinski blamed Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers -- who returned to work Tuesday -- for causing the outage . "  In a direct assault on the First Amendment , Scott Walker 's administration is blocking access in the Wisconsin Capitol to opposition websites , " Zielinski said . The governor 's spokesman , Cullen Werwie , responded Tuesday , calling the accusation "  a lie . " "  The Department of Administration blocks all new websites shortly after they are created , until they go through a software approval program that unblocks them , " Werwie said . "  Within 30 minutes of being notified this website was blocked , DOA circumvented the software and immediately made the website accessible . " He said , "  The Democratic Party should spend less time lying about Gov. Walker and more time trying to get their AWOL state senators back to Wisconsin , " referring to Democratic efforts to prevent a quorum in the Senate . The Capitol internet service , which restricts access to certain websites considered inappropriate for lawmakers , revealed a "  blocked page " when users tried to access the site using the building 's wireless system . Users were able to access the site elsewhere . The outage comes on the heels of a speech by Walker , who defended the budget proposal and criticized unions for squandering state coffers and impeding fiscal reform . "  We 're broke , " he told reporters Monday . "  You really ca n't negotiate when you do n't have money to negotiate with . " Unions have argued that collective bargaining -- a process of negotiations meant to regulate working conditions -- has helped protect wages and health care , enforce workplace safety and serve as a means to arbitrate employee grievances . The budget-repair bill , proposed by Walker to address a $ 137 million shortfall through June 30 , would increase contributions of state workers to their pensions and health insurance benefits . It requires collective-bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification . It also eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks . Walker warned that not passing the proposed bill would result in at least 1,500 government employees being laid off in the short term and could result in the layoffs of upward of 6,000 workers in the following budget cycle . Last week , 14 Democratic state senators essentially boycotted the Legislature and went to Illinois to prevent a quorum from passing the bill . The measure 's opponents said they wo n't allow a vote unless Walker negotiates on the plan to eliminate collective-bargaining rights for everything but wages . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Governor 's spokesman calls the accusation "  a lie " NEW : Spokesman calls blockage temporary , routine for new sites Democrats blame Republicans for blocking pro-union website in the state Capitol Defendwisconsin.org could not be accessed in the Capitol on Monday , early Tuesday
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Have you seen those ads being run by the debt-settlement outfits on bad late-night TV ? Their promise is always the same -- to reduce your credit card debt to just pennies on the dollar without making you file for bankruptcy ! Clark Howard says debt-settlement firms promise to help consumers lower their debts . Are they for real ? It turns out that promise is just an illusion . Most debt-settlement outfits require you to pay an upfront fee , plus a monthly retainer . Their strategy is to get you to stop paying on your bills . They typically have you take the money you would have paid toward monthly minimums and stash it in savings . The basic idea is to make the credit card companies so desperate that they 'll settle with you . This may end up being the end result , in some cases . However , along the way your credit suffers greatly . In fact , complaints about debt-settlement firms have increased dramatically in North Carolina , Florida and Oregon , according to The New York Times . Watch how Clark helped a caller pay off a massive debt " Many people wonder why these companies even exist . That goes back to 2005 , when the bankruptcy laws changed in our nation . At that time , the giant banks that control the credit card portfolios stopped being cooperative with affiliates of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling  NFCC  , which helps consumers manage and eliminate their debt . The banks were cynically trying to force people into a position where they had no choice other than to pay up . That environment created an opportunity for the debt-settlement firms to pop up with their false promises that they alone knew how to defeat the banks . The irony here is that the banks have now agreed to work with the NFCC again . There 's an initiative known as "  Call to Action " that is essentially a 60-month payment plan . Its aim is to help consumers who are struggling with credit card debt avoid bankruptcy . Under the Call to Action initiative , the 10 largest credit issuers have agreed to modify the terms and conditions of their repayment policies . That means they may waive late and over-the-limit fees , in addition to reducing interest rates . In industry terms , this kind of arrangement is known as a hardship debt-management plan . The goal here is to increase the chance that you 'll pay off your debt instead of bankrupting out of it . But you 've got to know that the lenders have not agreed to a reduction of your outstanding balance . Participating credit card issuers include American Express , Bank of America , Capital One , Chase Card Services , Citi , Discover Financial Services , GE Money , HSBC Card Services , U.S. Bank and Wells Fargo Card Services . Keep in mind that not everyone will be eligible to participate in Call to Action . Visit NFCC.org or call 800-388-2227 for more details to see if you qualify .	Most debt-settlement firms require you to pay an upfront fee , plus a monthly retainer Complaints about these companies have increased in many states "  Call to Action " aims to help consumers with credit card debt avoid bankruptcy
CNN  -- An Egyptian court ordered authorities Tuesday to destroy tunnels between the country and Gaza -- the latest sign of a crackdown on underground smuggling networks . It 's unclear what Egyptian authorities will do to comply with the court 's decision , but it appears to fall in line with a recent push to put a stop to the tunnels . Egyptian security forces began sending sewage through the tunnels earlier this month as part of a new campaign to flood them , two senior intelligence sources said . The sources , who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the media , said security forces were using the new tactic as part of a stepped-up effort to stop smuggling . There are hundreds of underground tunnels -- big and small -- in the vast Sinai Desert area . In Gaza , many describe the tunnels as a vital lifeline . Thousands work in what has become a key trade route for the Hamas-controlled territory . In Israel , authorities have accused Hamas of using the tunnels to smuggle missiles and other weapons used in militant attacks . And in Egypt , authorities have blamed the tunnels for violence in the Sinai Peninsula . Tuesday 's Cairo administrative court decision requires the Egyptian government to close and demolish what it described as "  illegal secret tunnels , " the state-run EgyNews agency reported . After a surge of violent attacks in the Sinai Peninsula in August , Egypt 's interior minister blamed the tunnels , citing them as smuggling routes for terrorists and weapons . Bulldozers and cranes were sent to block the tunnels on the Egyptian side as Egypt 's military leadership accused dozens of militants from terrorist factions in Gaza of carrying out a deadly attack on soldiers near the Rafah border crossing . But smuggling through the tunnels has continued , with goods like cement , sugar and clothes slipping through . U.S. and Israeli officials say that Iran has used the tunnels to send arms and missile parts into Gaza . In December , then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Egypt to crack down on arms smuggling through the tunnels , saying they were being used to send weapons from Libya and Sudan to militants in Gaza . "  I am concerned that , if more rockets are allowed to enter Gaza through the tunnels , that will pave the way to more fighting again soon , " she said . In November , one of the most powerful tribal figures in northern Sinai told CNN that it was likely that long-range missiles had been smuggled through the tunnels "  most likely hidden among other merchandise that is loaded onto big trucks that go through the big tunnels . " Ibrahim Menai , who reportedly owns several of the smuggling tunnels that connect Sinai with Gaza , said Bedouin smugglers got weapons from Sudan by sea on small fishing boats and by land through rugged mountain terrain . "  The weapons that are smuggled to Gaza are mostly Grad missiles , anti-aircraft missiles , and recently during the Libyan revolution , advanced shoulder-held anti-tank missiles came through , " Menai said . In Gaza , the recent Egyptian campaign to flood the tunnels with sewage has sparked concern about rising prices of goods , worries about the crippling of a vital economic element and criticism that the Egyptian government is helping Israel . The tunnels have surged in importance since Israel imposed a blockade on Gaza in 2007 after Hamas seized control of the Palestinian territory . CNN 's Tim Lister , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Barbara Starr , Diana Magnay and Bryony Jones and journalist Talal Abu Rahm contributed to this report .	Egyptian authorities have been cracking down on Gaza smuggling tunnels An administrative court in Cairo orders them closed and demolished Egyptian security forces have flooded tunnels with sewage in a new campaign There are hundreds of underground tunnels in the vast Sinai Desert area
CNN  -- Twelve people walked into a Colorado movie theater late one July night , expecting to enjoy a special midnight screening of the Batman film , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " They did n't walk out . Their deaths -- and injuries to dozens of others -- came after a man dressed head to toe in protective tactical gear sprayed the Century 16 theater in Aurora with bullets from an AR-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and a .40 - caliber pistol , weapons police discovered at the scene . On Monday , many grisly details of what happened could be presented in a Colorado court at a preliminary hearing for the shooting suspect , James Holmes . Now 25 , Holmes faces 166 charges , including murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses , tied to the July 20 rampage . Bits and pieces emerged from police and witnesses shortly after the massacre . One was that Holmes had colored his hair red and told police he was "  the Joker , " one of Batman 's archenemies , according to a federal law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation . But much information has been kept under wraps , especially after Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester issued a gag order to prevent defense lawyers , prosecutors and law enforcement agencies from disclosing certain information to the media . That could change after this week 's hearing , which is expected to last several days . Prosecutors are expected to call scores of witnesses and outline their evidence in the case . Holmes 's attorneys , meanwhile , are expected to argue he has "  diminished capacity , " a term that , according to the Colorado Bar Association , relates to a person 's ability or inability "  to make adequately considered decisions " regarding his or her legal representation because of "  mental impairment or for some other reason . " After the hearing concludes , Sylvester will determine whether there is enough evidence for Holmes to stand trial . University releases e-mails related to Holmes While officials and news reports have shed light on Holmes , his motive has n't been spelled out . He was a doctoral student in the neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus of the University of Colorado , Denver , in Aurora , until he withdrew a month before being arrested outside the bullet-riddled movie theater . Holmes had been a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist , according to a court document filed by his lawyers . Authorities later discovered that his sparsely decorated Aurora apartment was booby-trapped with more than 30 homemade grenades and 10 gallons of gasoline , a law enforcement official who saw video showing its interior told CNN . Authorities intentionally detonated two rigged explosives in order to access the third-floor , one-bedroom apartment . What spurred him to rig his apartment in such a way and to later fatally shoot strangers is not clear . Academically , Holmes excelled at the University of California , Riverside , according to Chancellor Timothy P. White . His only brush with the law in Colorado appears to have been a 2011 summons for speeding from Aurora police . The horror Holmes allegedly unleashed inside the movie theater has been better documented , thanks to accounts from survivors and law enforcement sources . After the movie started , the suspect went out a rear exit door , propped it open , gathered weapons , then re-entered through the same door , according to a source . He then tossed in a canister before starting to shoot . Screaming moviegoers scrambled to escape from the gunman , who shot at random as he walked up the theater 's steps , witnesses said . It was a scene "  straight out of a horror film , " said Chris Ramos , who was inside the theater . "  He was just literally shooting everyone , like hunting season , " Ramos said . Holmes surrendered without resistance within seven minutes of the first calls from panicked moviegoers reporting the shooting , Aurora Police Chief Dan Oates said . Meanwhile , local hospitals found themselves overwhelmed with victims , including one who was just 4 months old . Soon thereafter , 12 families heard the horrifying news that their loved ones were dead . "  This is an act of evil , " Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper told CNN .	The preliminary hearing tied to the July 20 shooting is expected to last several days Prosecutors will call witnesses , outline evidence ; 12 were killed in Colorado theater shootings The defense is expected to present a "  diminished capacity " defense Suspect James Holmes faces 166 charges , including murder and attempted murder
Dubai  CNN  -- A land of superlatives . The world 's tallest tower , the longest driverless public transit network , the largest illuminated advertising sign , to name a few . Now Dubai , one of seven emirates making up the United Arab Emirates , is home to another record : the tallest twisted structure in the world . Cayan Tower , which spirals at 90 degrees from the bottom to the top , was inaugurated on Monday with a spectacular firework display as it stands in the Dubai Marina , a man-made harbour . The 1 billion dirham  $ 272 million  residential tower has 75 floors housing 495 apartments . Developer , Cayan Real Estate Investment and Development Company , says 80 % of the units have already been sold . On a secondary market property website , a one-bedroom apartment carries a price tag of $ 435,000 . The structure stands at 307 meters high with each floor rotated by 1.2 degrees . Construction on Cayan Tower , previously known as Infiniti Tower , started in 2006 but soon after that a major flooding in the basement caused a delay . The tower was set to finish in 2010 but then faced another hurdle , the financial crisis in 2009 . The credit crunch forced many projects in the city to be put on hold or be scrapped altogether . Dubai , whose economy relies heavily on real estate , saw property prices slump as much as 60 % during that time . But a recovery is well underway in the Emirate . Analysts at property consultant , Jones Lang LaSalle , say real estate investment in the first quarter of the year has been "  very active " . Sale and rental prices continue to rise , building on the strong growth of 2012 .	The tallest twisted structure in the world was inaugurated on Monday in Dubai Cayan Tower spirals at 90 degrees from the bottom to the top -- standing 307 meters high It was due for completion in 2010 , but a flood and financial crisis caused delays
CNN  -- Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group active in Somalia , is not responsible for a terrorist attack in Kenya 's coastal town of Mpeketoni that killed at least 48 people , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said Tuesday . Instead , he blames local political networks for the attack Sunday that witnesses say turned a World Cup viewing party into a bloodbath . Armed men stormed the city center , shooting and hacking people to death before moving into a residential area , where they went from door to door , the witnesses said . "  The attack was well planned , orchestrated and politically motivated ethnic violence against the Kenyan community with the intention of victimization for political reasons . This therefore was not an Al-Shabaab terrorist attack , " Kenyatta said . The heavily armed gunmen , many in military uniforms , attacked hotels , a restaurant , gas station , bank , police station and a government office , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . Video from the scene showed burned-out vehicles and walls pockmarked by bullets . "  Those unwilling to work to unite Kenyans will not have the space , nor the room , for hate speech , " Kenyatta said . There were no claims of responsibility for the attack , but the Kenyan Disaster Operation Centre had blamed it on Al-Shabaab . Mpeketoni sits to the west of the Kenya-Somalia border , where the Kenyan army is fighting troops loyal to the al Qaeda-linked militant group . CNN 's Joyce Joseph , Lillian Leposo , Ralph Ellis and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	Kenya 's President says local terrorists attacked a coastal city Sunday , killing at least 48 people It was first believed al Qaeda-linked Al-Shabaab militants from Somalia were responsible A World Cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath Sunday , witnesses say Kenya has been battling Al-Shabaab on its border with Somalia
CNN  -- A high school senior who sued her mother and father for financial support and college tuition dropped the lawsuit Tuesday , according to a decision by a Superior Court judge in Morristown , New Jersey . Rachel Canning , 18 , who returned home and reunited with her parents in Lincoln Park a week ago , appeared in court and testified that she decided to dismiss her complaint . Judge Peter A. Bogaard ruled that Canning 's "  decision to dismiss the litigation was a knowing and voluntary decision . " Canning 's parents , Sean and Elizabeth , also were in court . Canning alleged in her lawsuit that her parents forced her out of their home and that she was unable to support herself financially . The lawsuit asked that her parents pay the remaining tuition for her last semester at her private high school , pay her current living and transportation expenses , commit to paying her college tuition and reimburse her friend 's parents for legal fees . Her parents said Rachel left home because she did n't want to obey their rules . A judge denied the teenager 's request for high school tuition and current living expenses from her parents two weeks ago , and a date had been set for April on the other issues in the lawsuit . Canning , an honor student and cheerleader at Morris Catholic High School in Denville , said in court documents that she had to leave her parents ' home because of emotional and psychological mistreatment . She alleged , among other things , that her mother called her "  fat " and "  porky " and that her father threatened to beat her . Canning was suspended from school for truancy in October , according to court documents filed by her parents ' former attorney , Laurie Rush-Masuret . Her parents told the teen that she could no longer see her boyfriend , who was also suspended from school . Car and phone privileges were also taken away . Once she learned of the punishment , Canning cut school again and then decided to run away , her father said in court documents . After receiving allegations that Rachel was being abused , New Jersey 's Division of Child Protection and Permanency interviewed the teen , her parents and her two younger sisters , but it ultimately "  determined that allegation of emotional abuse was unfounded , " a letter from the agency states . CNN 's requests for comment from Tanya Helfand , the attorney representing the younger Canning in the lawsuit , were not returned Tuesday . A request for comment from John Inglesino , whose family had been paying Rachel 's legal fees and housing her for the past four months , also was unanswered . Angelo Sarno , the attorney representing Canning 's parents , said in a written statement Tuesday that some level of normalcy has returned to the family . "  The case is over . It 's time to move on . The Cannings want nothing more than to resume their lives as a family , " Sarno said . Neither Rachel nor her parents were at last week 's news conference to announce that she had returned home . Her parents ' attorney , Angelo Sarno , did not comment on what brought the reconciliation or whether Rachel was still in a relationship with her boyfriend . Canning 's case attracted national attention , which Sarno said would probably continue to affect Rachel . "  Nothing good could have come from this case . Absolutely nothing good . This kid is going to be affected long term from the attention , " Sarno said last week . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The case is over . It 's time to move on , " parents ' attorney says Rachel Canning , 18 , had sued her mother and father for financial support , college tuition She had returned home last Wednesday She had alleged she was forced to leavehome ; parents said she left on her own
CNN  -- Brazilian side Santos booked their place in the FIFA Club World Cup final on Wednesday with a 3-1 defeat of Japanese outfit Kashiwa Reysol in Toyota City . The South American champions will now face either European Champions League winners Barcelona or Qatari side Al Sadd in Sunday 's final . Santos took the lead at the Toyota Stadium after 19 minutes , Brazil forward Neymar displaying dazzling footwork to evade a challenge before curling a delightful shot into the top corner from the edge of the penalty area . Striker Borges ensured the eight-time Brazilian champions went into half-time with a two-goal lead when he bent a similarly impressive effort into the back of Kashiwa goalkeeper Takanori Sugeno 's net . CNN blog : Is Roberto Mancini the right man for Man City ? J-League champions Kashiwa rallied and dragged themselves back into the contest nine minutes into the second half , when defender Hiroki Sakai headed home Jorge Wagner 's corner . But Muricy Ramalho 's team sealed victory just past the hour mark , Brazil full-back Danilo dispatching a long-range free-kick into the bottom corner to end Kashiwa 's resistance . The 20-year-old Danilo is on the verge of leaving Santos , having already agreed a deal to join Portuguese side Porto after the Club World Cup . Santos are making their first appearance at the Club World Cup in its current format , but won tournament under its previous title of the Intercontinental Cup in both 1962 and 1963 . Barcelona , who claimed the trophy in 2009 and 2006 , will be hoping to reach the final for the third time in six years when they face Asian champions Al Sadd on Thursday . Al Sadd , coached by Uruguayan Jorge Fossati , defeated African Champions League winners Esperance of Tunisia to reach the semifinals . In the Europa League , French side Paris St Germain beat Group F table-toppers Atletico Bilbao 4-2 but it was n't enough to stop them crashing out before the round of 32 stage . Under new Qatari owners , PSG had been one of the favorites for the competition but their fate was sealed by Austrian side Red Bull Salzburg who beat Slovan Bratislava 3-2 in Slovenia to qualify in second . Turkish outfit Besiktas beat Stoke City 3-1 to seal top spot in Group E as the English Premier League club had to make do with second place . Ukrainian outfit Dynamo Kiev were knocked out after drawing 3-3 with Maccabi Tel-Aviv . Italian Serie A side Lazio beat already qualified Sporting Lisbon , from Portugal , 2-0 to go through to the knockout stage as runners-up in Group D. English side Fulham , finalists back in 2010 , were on course for a place in the last 32 after claiming a 2-0 lead over Odense BK but the Danish outfit hit back and grabbed a last minute equalizer to knock the London club out . Fulham 's defeat meant Poland 's Wisla Krakow went through as runners-up in Group K after a 2-1 victory over Dutch side FC Twente , who had already qualified in first place . Steaua Bucharest claimed second spot in Group J , the Romanians beating AEK Larnaca , from Cyprus , 3-1 . German club Schalke , who had already qualified in top spot , beat Maccabi Haifa , from Israel 3-0 . In Group L , Belgian side Anderlecht beat Lokomotiv Moscow 5-3 to seal top spot in the group . The Russians go through in second .	Santos are into the FIFA Club World Cup final after a 3-1 win over Kashiwa Reysol Goals from Neymar , Borges and Danilo secured victory for the Brazilian side The South American champions will face Barcelona or Al Sadd in Sunday 's final NEW : French side PSG and English club Fulham crash out of the Europa League
